24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Google Profits Drive Alphabet Q3 Earnings By Paul Ausick October 27, 2016 4:23 pm EST Print Email Tweet Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) reported third-quarter 2016 results after markets closed Thursday. The search engine behemoth reported adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $9.06 on revenues of $22.45 billion. In the year-ago quarter Alphabet posted EPS of $7.35 on revenues of $18.68 billion. Analysts were estimating EPS of $8.63 on revenues of $22.05 billion. The Google segment posted revenues of $22.25 billion, up from $18.53 billion a year ago. Operating income rose from $5.81 billion to $6.78 billion. The operating loss on other (Bets) revenues totaled $865 million, down from $980 million in the year ago quarter. Revenues at Google websites rose 23% to $16.1 billion and Google Network revenues rose 1% to $3.73 billion. Ad revenues rose 18% to $19.82 billion. Because Alphabet does not break out the source of advertising revenues by desktop vs. mobile, it’s a little hard to draw any conclusion other than an 18% increase is solid. Traffic acquisition costs paid to Google Network members rose to 70% of Network revenues, or $2.62 billion. Payments to distribution partners totaled $1.56 billion, about 10% of websites revenues. Total traffic acquisition costs rose to $4.18 billion and were flat year over year as a percentage total ad revenues (21%). Paid clicks on Google websites were up 42% year over year and up 11% sequentially. Paid clicks on the Network members sites were up 1% year over year and sequentially. Aggregate cost per click fell 11% compared with the year ago quarter and was down 5% sequentially. Capital spending totaled $2.43 billion in the quarter, up 4% compared with the year-ago total. The company did not repurchase any shares in the quarter but did report that a new repurchase program totaling just over $7 billion was approved earlier this month. Alphabet did not provide a forecast, but the consensus fourth-quarter estimates call for EPS of $9.65 on revenues of $24.8 billion. For the full year analysts forecast EPS of $34.11 on revenues of $88.59 billion. Shares traded up about 1.2% at $827.31 in after-hours trading. The 52-week range is $672.66 to $838.50, and shares closed Thursday at $817.35. The consensus 12-month price target was $945.59 before the earnings report. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nokia, GNC Dip into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Why Amazon Disappointed This Quarter » Read more: Technology, Earnings, featured, GOOGL Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Why Even Donald Trump Probably Can't Stop Electric Cars Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing Kilroy (KRC) Picks Adobe as Anchor Tenant for 100 Hooper AstraZeneca's Symbicort Positive in Pediatric Asthma Study Bristol-Myers Offers Updates from Opdivo Combination Trials A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively U.S. SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Dim Prospects for Valeant Pharmaceuticals as Former CEOs Face Criminal Probes Why Mentor Graphics, Chico's FAS, and U.S. Steel Jumped Today Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Are A Swamp Unto Themselves Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login Signup Login with or Log in Forgotten your password? Signup with or Sign up Forgot Password? Enter your email below and we will send you a reset link. Submit Download App for free on Play Store English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو English हिन्दी বাংলা తెలుగు தமிழ் ಕನ್ನಡ मराठी മലയാളം ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ਪੰਜਾਬੀ অসমীয়া اردو Your Story Home Stories News Issues That Matter Resources Research Events Home Women Entrepreneurs Corporate Leaders Arts Academia Sports News Home Social Enterprises News Experts Social TV Think Change India Home Home Create Resources Skip Homepage Uncategorized Resources Are WhatsApp and Hike taking on Google Duo in the video calling space? Sanjana Ray ,  27 October 2016 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp The market for communication apps is like a power play between a few old school names, each of which occupies a good share of the same. After Google launched its famous Google Allo, which many have claimed might just beat even WhatsApp, the latter decided to hit-back at the multibillion dollar conglomerate by upping its game, announcing the release of its new video-calling feature. Since WhatsApp still remains number one in the communication apps department in India, this new feature will definitely give it a cutting edge over its competitors. Not ready to settle for less, the purely Indian messenger app, Hike, also announced its plan to launch its video-calling feature, which they have reportedly been working on since last September. Other than the fact that these new features will provide a tremendous boost to both WhatsApp and Hike in terms of user-base and revenue, it also points to the probability that it will outdo the recently launched Google Duo app in both popularity and numbers. Advertisement Before we get into the comparison of all the three apps in lieu of their video-calling features, here’s how each of them work in the same aspect: Advertisement WhatsApp video-calling On clicking the same call icon that you use to make voice calls, a pop-up will ask you to choose between making a video call or a voice call. You can only make video calls to those contacts who have the updated version of the app. If they don’t have this downloaded, then you can still make a video call from your side, but they will receive it as a voice call. Only Android users registered on the Android beta channel can get a hands-on experience of the feature now. It is not applicable to iOS users yet. Hike video-calling On clicking on the top-right button to make the video call, the option to choose between video and voice call will pop up. You can only make video calls to those who have had their Hike messenger updated after September, 2016. This feature is compatible with various network conditions, including 2G network. An additional feature – Live Caller Preview – will give the user a chance to preview before they answer a live video call. Hike video calling is not applicable to iOS users yet. Google Duo Since the interface is restricted largely to only video calling, you can click on the video screen call button on the middle of the screen and find the friend you want to call. You can only make video calls to those who have Google Duo downloaded on their phones.  ‘Knock Knock’ is an additional feature which allows the person you are calling (if they have Duo) to see you while you are ringing. It is available on both Android and iOS. Now that we have had a look at the key features, at first glance it seems that all three apps offer the same objective – to make good quality video calls. However, there are a few aspects where Google Duo may be losing out to both WhatsApp and Hike. Firstly, WhatsApp has a user base of over a billion users across the world while HIKE boasts of over a 100 million users as of this January. Other than the fact that Google Duo cannot match up to these numbers anytime soon, the convenience of making video calls using the same app you’re using to text and make voice calls will possibly make all the Google Duo users turn eagerly towards both WhatsApp and Hike. Advertisement At the same time, while Google Allo still has an edge due to the uniqueness of its Google Assistant, Google Duo boasts of no such features and is rather a simplistic video call app between two individuals. Further, there is no web-based version of Duo and it does not contain any fun features that both WhatsApp and HIKE can proudly flaunt, like stickers, group chats or even AR overlays. You also can’t block contacts on Duo alone without blocking the number from your contacts, while this feature is readily available in the others. The only advantage that Duo currently has is that it is available for download on the iOS currently. However, once WhatsApp and Hike roll out their video calling features to the iOS users, which according to both companies will be soon, then chances are that Duo is going to suffer greatly at the hands of its older competitors. Discover and discuss innovative ways to improve digital transformation and ensure success for your startup at the IBM Digital leaders connect at Mumbai on Nov 17th. Click here to register now! 0 SHARES facebook twitter linkedin reddit tumblr google+ Flipboard WhatsApp About the author Sanjana Ray Heralding from Kolkata, and now a brave Mumbai resident. I have worked as a junior reporter for The Telegraph, Kolkata (t2 and Metro) and also been a freelancer/global editorial contributor for The Australian National Review (Digital and now Newspaper). I can ramble on history, food, and psychological thrillers. Write your story Share your stories with us and inspire others like you! Never Miss a Story — Follow Us Most Popular Popular Ex-RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had his ‘reservations’ on the currency ban Popular 10 things you should know about the new 2,000-rupee note Popular How Modi's ban on Rs 500 & Rs 1000 notes curbs black money hidden in real estate Popular Why you should refuse to provide proof of your previous salary Popular How will the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 note ban impact your business? Popular 'Give me till Dec 30, I will give you the India you desire,' says Modi Popular Meet the 26-year-old Indian 'chai walli' who has become Australia’s Businesswoman of the Year Popular Paytm makes the most of demonetisation, is on its way to process Rs 24,000cr in transactions Popular How the ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes will affect the common man Popular IITians accidentally develop cigarette filter preventing 50pc chemicals from entering smokers’ mouths Popular Jio to give broadband companies a run for their money Sign Up for the daily YS Newsletter for all the latest updates Your Story About us Contact us Faqs Privacy Jobs@ys Partner Events Terms & Conditions Team YS Testimonials Disclaimer Advertise Code of Conduct © 2016 YourStory Media Private Limited. All rights reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Alphabet beats Q3 expectations Losses in Alphabet's Other Bets category, which includes brands such as Nest and Fiber, continue to increase. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | October 27, 2016 -- 20:20 GMT (13:20 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Google parent company Alphabet posted better-than-expected Q3 results Thursday after the bell. As usual, there are a lot of numbers to look at in Alphabet's earnings report. The tech giant reported a net income of $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per share. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft to replace security bulletin index with database-driven portal High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Researchers claim quantum computing breakthrough, explain it using beer Non-GAAP earnings were $9.06 per share on a revenue of $22.45 billion, up 20 percent year-over-year, when including traffic acquisition costs (TAC). Wall Street was looking for Q3 earnings of $8.64 per share with $22 billion in revenue. Net revenue excluding TAC was expected to be at least $17.9 billion. Alphabet delivered above target with $18.27 billion in revenue excluding TAC. Google revenues, which include more of the enterprise cloud, software and data management products, attributed most of Q3 sales with $22.3 billion in revenue, up from $21.32 billion the previous quarter. In the Other Bets category, which is made up primarily of Nest and Fiber, as well as Alphabet's healthcare-driven initiatives and other speculative projects or 'moonshots,' Alphabet posted revenue of $197 million over the quarter, with operating losses reaching $865 million. Last quarter, losses in this category totaled $859 million. Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat noted on the conference call how the company tries to look at Other Bets over the long term, as most of the initiatives are early stages and that the revenue "provides only partial insight regarding our progress." "We are building out these businesses systematically and thoughtfully," she said. Porat also said Google Cloud is "generating substantial revenue growth reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business as well as the enormous opportunity in this area." Google's cost-per-click, which is how much it makes off each advertising click, decreased 6 percent year-over-year., which is more than expected. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, Wall Street is expecting non-GAAP earnings of $9.68 per share with $24.8 billion in revenue. Alphabet's shares were up nearly two percent in late trading. More Tech Earnings Nvidia crushes Q3 earnings, shares soar Symantec reports solid Q2, Cornerstone, Arista, Hortonworks also report Twilio tops Q3 earnings targets, losses widen Fitbit shares tumble on mixed Q3 results, grim holiday season outlook Facebook handily tops Q3 earnings targets, active users up 17 percent Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Alibaba Cloud Q2 revenue up 130 percent as it adds customers, pares losses Tableau misses Q3 revenue expectations Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Apple considering smart glasses as it looks to push wearables: Report Mobility Apple Pay now supports donations to select nonprofits Google Google Play Music updated with new look, smart playlists Mobility 10 reasons the BlackBerry DTEK60 is good for business × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
News Stocks Technology Healthcare Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeFeaturedGoogle Crashes Earnings; Amazon Stock Takes A Hit (GOOGL, AMZN) Google Crashes Earnings; Amazon Stock Takes A Hit (GOOGL, AMZN) October 27, 2016 Ron Haruni Shares of Google-parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rallied $9.77 to $805.12 in extended-hours trading Thursday in New York’s Nasdaq after the company reported fiscal results for the third-quarter. In its quarterly report, the search giant said it earned $9.06 per share, well above the $8.60 per share analysts were expecting. Revenue rose 20.2% from the same period a year earlier to $22.45 billion, above views for $22.04 billion. It should be noted that Google’s ad revenue, which jumped by more than 18% to $19.82 billion in Q3, accounted for 89% of the company’s total income. In the meantime, Google’s revenue from its “Other Bets” segment, which includes things such as home automation products Nest, broadband business Google Fiber and Verily Life Sciences jumped by nearly 40% to $197 million. Operating loss came in at $865 million, 12% lower from $960 million in Q315. Furthermore, net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 GAAP diluted EPS for Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. Paid clicks rose 33% on a year-over-year basis and 9 percent from second-quarter to third-quarter 2016. CFO Ruth Porat called it “a great third quarter, with 20% revenue growth year on year, and 23% on a constant currency basis,” adding that “mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we’re excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets.” Mountain View did not provide a Q4 forecast, but the consensus estimates call for EPS of $9.65 on revenues of $24.8 billion. Google also approved a stock buyback program totaling just over $7 billion of its Class C shares. Google shares currently print a year return of about 12%, and a year-to-date return of around 5%. — Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) reported third-quarter EPS of $0.52 after the closing bell Thursday, compared to the consensus estimate of $0.82. Revenues increased 29% from last year to $32.71 billion versus $25.4 billion in third quarter 2015. Analysts expected revenues of $32.65 billion. Operating profit came in at $575 million, compared with $406 million on a year-over-year basis. The e-commerce giant said its cloud business, AWS, did the heavy lifting in terms of profitability. That division had an operating income of $861 million on net sales of $3.2 billion. While the AWS results looked and indeed are strong as revenue grew nearly 55 percent y/y, they slowed from the 58% in the prior quarter and 78% a year earlier. Meanwhile, sales in Amazon’s North American business saw operating income of $255 million from $186 million a year earlier on a sales base nearly six times as large. International sales of $10.61 billion rose by 28%, a growth rate of 4% from Q315. Looking ahead, Seattle guided Q416 revenues of $42 billion – $45.5 billion, as compared to analysts’ expectations of $44.65 billion. The report seems to have put the brakes on Amazon’s stock, which had surged 21 percent year-to-date. Ticker is currently down by nearly 50 points to $770 on 7.34 million shares. AMZN GOOG GOOGL About Ron Haruni 1036 Articles Ron is the Co-Founder & Editor in Chief of Wall Street Pit. Web Site: Wall Street Pit Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Netflix (NFLX) Dives Amid Dire Prediction April 11, 2014 WSP Business Google (GOOG) Could Soon Face New Antitrust Probe Over Display Ads, Report May 24, 2013 WSP Consumer How Amazon Is Beating Department Stores at Their Own Game (AMZN) September 25, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest The Fed Faces The Donald November 14, 2016 Amazon Stock: 2017 Might Be a Year for Spending, Not Earning (AMZN) November 14, 2016 How to Play the Stock Market Under President Trump November 14, 2016 Falling Apps Or Rising Bots: Which Will Prevail? November 13, 2016 AI: One of the Biggest Threats to the Future of Humanity November 13, 2016 Markets SPY 216.59 +0.17 +0.08% Nikkei 17672.62 +297.83 +1.71% UK 6753.18 +22.75 +0.34% France 4508.55 +19.28 +0.43% Germany 10693.69 +25.74 +0.24% EUR / USD 1.0739 -0.0113 -1.04% GBP / USD 1.2498 -0.0098 -0.78% CAD / USD 0.7377 -0.0011 -0.15% AUD / USD 0.7557 +0.0017 +0.23% Oil Fut 43.72 +0.31 +0.71% Gold Fut 1221.00 -3.30 -0.27% Editor’s Picks A Solar Flare Has Cracked The Earth’s Magnetic Field November 8, 2016 The Matrix is Real and We’re All Robot Grub October 9, 2016 Beyond Software, Microsoft Wants to “Solve” Cancer (MSFT) September 21, 2016 Amazon’s Daring Move Could Mean the End of Cable Subscriptions (AMZN) September 19, 2016 Microsoft Plans to Turn the Seas into Giant Data Centers (MSFT) September 18, 2016 How Virtual Reality Gave Me My Brain Back (Samsung VR) August 14, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2016 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Google can't keep up with Pixel and Pixel XL… Google can't keep up with Pixel and Pixel XL orders, expect shipment delays By Williams Pelegrin — October 26, 2016 3:52 AM Subscribe to this topic Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Google Pixel MSRP $649.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More Also mentioned Google Pixel XL Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Visit Google’s online store, and, apart from one or two storage and color options, the company’s Pixel and Pixel XL are currently sold out. Even though that means there is plenty of interest for Google’s pair of smartphones, thus increasing the demand, it seems as if shipments might take longer than expected to arrive at customers’ doorsteps, 9to5Google reports. According to several buyers, their orders still appear as either “Pre-ordered” or “Pending,” even though some estimated delivery dates were listed as early as this week. As a result, some folks, including the outlet, turned to financing through Project Fi in the hopes of getting a Pixel or Pixel XL sooner. Unfortunately, that has not been the case, as 9to5Google found out firsthand when contacting Project Fi support, which stated that the “shipping department is running 3 weeks behind.” As a result, the new ship date was set to November 18, even though the listed shipping date is still set for later this week. Related: Check out our reviews of the Google Pixel and Pixel XL Eventually, Google released an official statement on the matter, saying that the number of pre-orders have “exceeded our expectations.” “We’re thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We’re working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.” The situation should stabilize itself as Google ramps up production of both Pixel phones, but for the time being, customers will have to bear with the growing pains of wanting a very popular phone. After all, previous Nexus phones encountered similar issues when first available. Furthermore, now that Google heavily pushes the Pixel and Pixel XL as phones that should be uttered in the same breath as Samsung’s flagship, one begins to understand why the shipment delays exist. Also watch: We put the new Google Pixel XL smartphone through its paces – so how did it do? Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet – USA TODAY Posted on October 27, 2016 by USA TODAY SAN FRANCISCO — Google’s clicking with mobile device users, lifting the fortunes of parent company Alphabet. Strength in advertising on mobile devices and videos fueled yet another solid quarter for Alphabet that topped Wall Street estimates. Alphabet … Google earnings crush targets and the company will buy back $7 billion of stockBusiness Insider Alphabet Earnings: Google’s Parent Firing on Almost All CylindersFortune Google Strength Drives Alphabet Profit HigherWall Street Journal CNBC -Recode -TechCrunch -CNET all 111 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Best of Austin • Elections • East Austin Studio Tour • Contests • Newsletters ADVERTISE SITE MAP Featured Best of Austin Elections East Austin Studio Tour Contests Newsletters News News Home Daily News Point Austin Public Notice Civic Events Elections News Archives Food Food Home Daily Food Food Events The Take-Out Dear Glutton Food Fight Reviews Restaurant Guide First Plates Hot Sauce Festival Food Archives Music Music Home Daily Music Playback Reviews Music Listings Austin Music Awards Austin Music Awards Show Music Archives Sound on Sound Screens Screens Home Daily Screens Reviews Film Listings I Like to Watch Screens Archives Arts & Culture Arts Home Daily Arts Arts Listings Arts Reviews Book Reviews Gay Place Short Story Contest Arts Archives Calendar Recommended Events Music Listings Film Listings Arts Listings Community Listings Food Events Submit an Event Promo Promotions Home Featured Events Online Contests Events Blog Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Services Marketplace Body, Mind & Soul Music Back Page Adult Place an Ad MORE Best of Austin Columns Comics Comments Crossword Letters Newsletters Oops! Photos Welcome to Austin Archives Site Map SEARCH SITE MAP Contact Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Internships & Jobs News News Home Daily News Point Austin Public Notice Civic Events Elections News Archives Food Food Home Daily Food Food Events The Take-Out Dear Glutton Food Fight Reviews Restaurant Guide First Plates Hot Sauce Festival Food Archives Music Music Home Daily Music Playback Reviews Music Listings Austin Music Awards Austin Music Awards Show Music Archives Sound on Sound Screens Screens Home Daily Screens Reviews Film Listings I Like to Watch Screens Archives Arts Arts Home Daily Arts Arts Listings Arts Reviews Book Reviews Gay Place Short Story Contest Arts Archives Calendar Recommended Events Music Listings Film Listings Arts Listings Community Listings Food Events Submit an Event Promo Promotions Home Featured Events Online Contests Events Blog Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Services Marketplace Body, Mind & Soul Music Back Page Adult Place an Ad MORE Best of Austin Columns Comics Comments Crossword Letters Newsletters Oops! Photos Welcome to Austin Archives Site Map News HACA Digital Inclusion Plan Hits Two-Year Mark Three public housing properties connected, fourth on the way By Mary Tuma, Fri., Oct. 28, 2016 Tweet print write a letter Illustration by Jason Stout As a teenager living in Manchaca Village housing complex, Christeen Wier and her family couldn't afford internet access. That stood as a huge barrier for Wier, who was part of a heavily STEM-based high school curriculum (science, technology, engineering, and math) at Harmony School of Excellence in South Austin. She needed the web to complete homework and other projects, so she shuffled from the school computer lab to a public library via bus, working online until close. That all changed, dramatically, she says, when Google Fiber came to town and connected her housing community for free. "It was really helpful to be on the same level as other classmates who had the advantage of internet at their house. I was finally able to keep up," says Wier. "It relieved a lot of the struggle and stress of applying to scholarships and colleges. And it allowed me to find my passion for science and technology – that wouldn't have happened if I didn't have internet." Wier graduated as valedictorian of her class in May and is now pursuing a biomedical engineering degree at UT-Austin – the first person in her family to attend a four-year university. Wier attributes her academic success in large part to broadband connectivity at home – a now basic utility that's often taken for granted. In November 2014, a slate of speakers including representatives with the U.S. Housing and Urban Development, the local housing authority (the Housing Authority of the City of Austin, or HACA), and Google Fiber stood outside East Austin's Booker T. Wash­ington Terraces and publicly ushered in a public-private partnership that would give residents living in HACA properties free (or nominal cost) high-speed internet access. (See "Closing the Digital Divide," Nov. 28, 2014.) A first-of-its-kind model, the "Unlocking the Con­nec­tion" initiative was meant to help bridge the gap between those able to afford internet access and those left in the dark due largely to expense. Cost is the most significant reason most Americans go without broadband, according to the Pew Research Center. With connectivity tied to race, education, and income, the plan is aimed at bridging that gap and spurring upward mobility for the low-income, largely minority HACA population. As the second anniversary of the announcement approaches, the pioneer collaboration signals progress, with lessons learned. Based geographically in conjunction with the commercial Google Fiber rollout, the tech giant recently connected its third HACA property, Meadowbrook Apart­ments, with gigabit-speeds. The first two properties – South Austin's Manchaca Village and Bouldin Oaks – already hooked up with Google broadband will soon see retrofit upgrades to faster speeds. HACA's Booker T. Washington Terraces is next in line for the service, though an exact installation date has not yet been set. (Google Fiber announced Wednesday that it had ceased operations in 10 "proposed Fiber cities" but that service will continue in Austin and other cities "where we've launched or are under construction.") Over two years, the plan hasn't just been about providing low-income families with wi-fi, but also educating residents on digital literacy, a key component of the digital inclusion program. No-cost computer classes have earned a few hundred HACA residents a refurbished home computer device courtesy of Austin Community College. Digital Inclusion Fellows, positioned at local nonprofits Austin Free-Net and Skill­point Alliance, trained 89 residents per month on basic computing skills and 13 staff and volunteers to become instructors. Wier is a success story, but not all HACA residents have easily jumped on board with Google. About 80% of residents across all three connected HACA properties signed up for the free service, according the company's Fiber Austin group. A couple of possible reasons why that rate isn't closer to 100: One, residents need an email address and an internet-capable computer to sign up, potentially problematic barriers for someone without internet access. Two, not all residents understand the value of, or feel the need for, online access – a combination of skepticism, intimidation, or just plain disinterest. "Just because something is free, it's not necessarily clear why someone should sign up for it," says Parisa Fatehi-Weeks, head of community impact programs at Google Fiber Austin. "People might be surprised to find it wasn't an autopilot deal. It's not like we could just put a flyer under a door, say this is free, and walk away. It's actually been two years of community engagement and getting to know the residents. So that's been a huge lesson learned for us." Please enable JavaScript to view comments. READ MORE More Google Fiber Austin a Tech Mentor City program to provide Internet to low-income families is ahead of the curve nationally Mary Tuma, July 31, 2015 Closing the Digital Divide HACA residents offered free Google Fiber Mary Tuma, Nov. 28, 2014 More by Mary Tuma Anti-Choice, Anti-LGBTQ Bills Filed Texas Dems vow to keep up the fight for LGBTQ residents, women Nov. 14, 2016 Pro-Immigration and Anti-Trump Rallies Anti-Trump rally leads to arrests Nov. 14, 2016 KEYWORDS FOR THIS STORY Google Fiber, Christine Wier, Manchaca Village, U.S. Housing and Urban Development, Housing Authority of the City of Austin, Booker T. Washington Terraces, Bouldin Oaks, Meadowbrook Apartments, Austin Community College MORE IN THE ARCHIVES TODAY'S EVENTS Jon Anderson, Trevor Rabin, Rick Wakeman ACL Live at the Moody Theater Valerie and her Week of Wonders and Pastoral: To Die in the Country at Alamo Drafthouse at the Ritz UT Men's Basketball at Frank Erwin Center MUSIC | FILM | ARTS | COMMUNITY NEWSLETTERS Subscribe to All AC Daily, Events and Promotions, Luvdoc Answers SXSW Daily Edition Updates for SXSW 2017 Chronicle Daily Breaking news, recommended events, and more Events and Promotions Official Chronicle events, promotions, and giveaways Luv Doc Answers All questions answered (satisfaction not guaranteed) unsubscribe preferences Copyright © 1981-2016 Austin Chronicle Corp. All rights reserved. CONTACT • PRIVACY POLICY • ADVERTISE WITH US • INTERNSHIPS & JOBS • SITE MAP
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Richard Rapaport, veteran Bay Area journalist, dies Obama praises pragmatic side of Trump Prisons testing new tactic for drug addiction Several SF election contests still up in the air Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Where finance and technology come together Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Alphabet-revenue-grows-amid-advertising-strength-10418522.php Alphabet revenue grows amid advertising strength By Wendy Lee Updated 4:30 pm, Thursday, October 27, 2016 Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) less Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, introducing its own new line of smartphones called ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 2 of 2 Google CEO Sundar Pichai runs the advertising business that has helped boost earnings of parent company Alphabet, which had a big third quarter. Google CEO Sundar Pichai runs the advertising business that has helped boost earnings of parent company Alphabet, which had a big third quarter. Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Alphabet revenue grows amid advertising strength 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, said Thursday its third-quarter revenue grew 20 percent to nearly $22.5 billion, as more people used Google search to look for items on their smartphones and watch ads on YouTube. The Mountain View company made a profit of about $5.06 billion in the quarter, up 27 percent from a year earlier. Revenue, excluding payments to partners to drive traffic to its sites, came to $18.3 billion, beating analysts estimates of nearly $18 billion, according to financial data firm FactSet. The engine of Alphabet’s growth continued to be Google, which generated $22.3 billion in sales, much of it from advertising. Revenue within Alphabet’s Other Bets division, which includes long-term projects such as self-driving cars, Nest, Google Fiber and health firm Verily Life Sciences, was $197 million for the quarter, up 40 percent from a year ago. Alphabet has faced scrutiny over its Other Bets, owing to the substantial investment and length of time devoted to the projects, which in some cases have yet to reach the market. The company has been working on the self-driving car project for seven years, and the test cars have driven more than 2 million miles, but it has yet to announce when they might hit the market. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat defended Alphabet’s structure on Thursday in a call with investors. “As we reach for ‘moonshots’ that will have a big impact in the longer term, it’s inevitable there will be course corrections along the way and that some efforts will be more successful than others,” she said. In the past year, she said, Alphabet has accelerated or paused some of the Other Bets businesses, adding, “We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future.” Several CEOs of Alphabet businesses have stepped down this year, including Nest CEO Tony Fadell and more recently Craig Barratt, who oversaw Google Fiber, which planned to bring superfast Internet service to cities. Some analysts believe the changes had to do with Porat cutting investment into areas that don’t have a clear path to profitability. “As she promised, she is going to be prudent on areas that aren’t providing a return or don’t have a path to providing a return” said Robert Peck, an analyst with investment bank SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Peck said it’s possible that some of these Alphabet companies could be spun out into their own firms in the future. On Tuesday, Barratt said in a blog post that Google Fiber would suspend plans to bring its service to some cities, including San Jose, and there would be layoffs. Fiber recently acquired Webpass, a company that brings speedy Internet using wireless technology. Porat said the team will be able to “focus on the potential with these efforts (such as in wireless technology) before we accelerate the deployment.” The operating loss from Other Bets shrank to $865 million in the third quarter, down from $980 million in the same period last year. Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months Megyn Kelly: Trump offered free flights, hotel rooms What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Latest News BART delays after cover pops off third rail Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Pelosi, Dems denounce 'white nationalist' in White House Ga. man guilty of murder in hot-car death of son Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare Bay Area woman's Uber driver is AOL's 'You've got mail' guy Uber settles major sexual assault case Study finds Uber, Lyft drivers show bias against blacks, women An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 New CEO after PG&E shakeup Diablo Canyon shutdown ends up costing PG&E customers after all Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut Post-war San Francisco under construction Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 2 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 5 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 6 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 7 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 8 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 9 Megyn Kelly says Donald Trump tried to give her free flights... 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
GoSearch Watch Now: News at 6 p.m. WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 57° 57° Low 37° High 70° Tue 44° 70° Wed 42° 74° Thu 45° 79° See complete forecast LIVE: Watch 6-7pm news on WHNT News 19 Google Fiber already legally locked in to lease with Huntsville Utilities Posted 6:04 pm, October 27, 2016, by David Kumbroch, Updated at 07:55pm, October 27, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video HUNTSVILLE, Ala. - A recent blog post announcing the resignation of the CEO of Access, which runs Google Fiber, started off the second news cycle about Google Fiber slamming the brakes on new operations in just the last few months, but WHNT News 19 has obtained copies of both a Network Agreement and a Lease Agreement that Huntsville Utilities says Google Fiber has already signed. This commits Google Fiber to leasing space on the dark fiber network that Huntsville Utilities is building. A Huntsville Utilities spokesperson says they were given a heads up that the blog post from Google Fiber was coming, and that Google Fiber remains committed to Huntsville, largely because of the unique model of construction the utility company has undertaken by building the network itself and only depending on Google Fiber to run the so-called "last mile" from the network to the home. But even if Google Fiber continued the trend of rolling back the scope of its operations, they appear legally obligated to at least pay their rent for the Huntsville Utilities network. Google Fiber could get out of the agreements if certain technical specifications aren't met during the design and construction process,  but we asked about them one by one, and a spokesperson for Huntsville Utilities says the boxes are getting checked. He tells us Google Fiber has agreed to the Network and Lease Agreements. They have accepted the first section design of the whole network. And they've specifically accepted the network section design of the first chunk of the fiber network to be built. A hangup at any of those steps would have given Google Fiber a contractual way to get out of the lease, but since those steps have been fulfilled, that doesn't leave many legal outlets for Google to escape the lease they agreed to for twenty years, even if they wanted to. Please enable Javascript to watch this video One of the last ripcords for Google Fiber, they can call the whole thing off it they don't get a franchise agreement from the city for their video service. The introduction of that franchise agreement is set before the Huntsville City Council for October 27th. Councilman Bill Kling as well as a spokesperson for the City of Huntsville tell us they expect the vote on the franchise agreement to pass without issue. As far as the first section of fiber Huntsville Utilities is building in northeast Huntsville, Huntsville Utilities Spokesperson Gary Whitley tells us, "We will deliver that at that milestone at March 2017." Payments from Google Fiber for the lease should start around that time. So while Google Fiber has slowed its expansion in other markets, Whitley says, "Our project here in Huntsville is going forward, and that's because of the unique model that we're using where we're building the fiber network. And because we're building it for our own operations use, they are just leasing that dark fiber, which will be available to other tenants as well." The legal agreements they've signed should keep Google Fiber locked in to that plan. Filed in: Huntsville, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Air quality alert issued due to wildfire smoke Heavy smoke blankets Marshall County, south Huntsville Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Smoke from Georgia wildfires blows into the Tennessee Valley reducing air quality, visibility Latest News La Nina Advisory Issued Madison Fire and Rescue talks turkey fryer safety 3 cows stranded on tiny ‘island’ after huge New Zealand quake Madison movie theater project back on track, crews working on site Huntsville Google Fiber still on track for Huntsville, despite pulling back in other areas Digital Life Huntsville Who gets Google Fiber in Huntsville first? We may have our answer Huntsville Huntsville Utilities Municipal Fiber Project enters next phase News Huntsville City Council honors Richard Showers Sr. after 28 years of service Huntsville AT&T Fiber coming to the Huntsville/Madison area Huntsville Huntsville Utilities’ President & CEO accepts new position with TVA News Madison County pistol permit pickup has been relocated Huntsville Proposed Huntsville budget includes cost of living adjustment, plus funds for police & road construction Huntsville Huntsville Utilities appoints new Interim President & CEO Huntsville Economic Impact of AT&T Fiber News Huntsville Utilities’ Water Operations close the outside northbound lane of Pulaski Pike Valleywx Blog Large cloud of chaff shows up on radar Wednesday afternoon Huntsville 3 rescued in Ditto Landing area, search for 1 other person continues Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Case Studies Case Finder Pinpoint the case evidence you need – search by industry, objective, media and more. Campaign Videos Creative TV and video executions from the most innovative and market-leading brands. Latest Awards Browse campaigns from the world's leading advertising and marketing effectiveness awards. Warc Prizes The latest from our annual case study competitions. Warc 100 Our ranking of the world's best marketing campaigns and companies. Topics Warc Index Browse Warc by subject. Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Geographies Industry sectors Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Best Practice Key Warc papers on marketing best practice. Company Profiles In-depth analysis of 200 global brand owners. Strategy Toolkit Develop your skills as a marketing strategist. ROI Benchmarker Compare your ROI with the Warc database. Pitch Support Get the edge you need in new business. Trends Latest Trends Latest reports from Warc and trusted partners offering unique insights into current trends. Consumers The driving forces behind consumer behaviour. Industries New developments for industries and sectors. Marketing Strategic insight for the marketing of brands. Media & Tech Latest innovations in media and technology. Geographies Insight and intelligence for countries and regions. News News Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide. The Warc Blog Insights, opinions and fresh new thinking from our team of bloggers around the world. Data Data homepage Overview of databases, forecasts and reports. Adspend Database Annual ad expenditure data for 96 markets. Media Costs Database Compare costs by media and target audience. Adspend Forecasts International and Consensus ad forecasts. Media Consumption Trends by primary media and second screen. Global Marketing Index A monthly indicator of the state of the industry. Events Event Reports Key briefings from major conferences and events in the US, Europe and Asia Pacific. Event Listings Plan your schedule of must-attend events with our global calendar of conferences. Warc Webinars Learn how to tackle key marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars. About About Warc Content & Partners What Our Clients Say Copyright Policy Help Client Services Request a Trial Contacts Warc Store For our market-leading publications and events Log In Advanced Search Contact us on +1 202 778 0680 Do I Subscribe? Toggle navigation Case Finder Index Trends Warc 100 ROI Benchmarker Event reports Webinars Data Warc Prizes News Warc Plus Email updates Help Contacts About Log In Home > News Other Top Stories TIAA embraces 'radical simplicity' Warc Media Prize: Tech shortlist named Latinas emerge as vital demographic Brands eye cannabis market ASMR: the next forgotten fad? Drones and trains aid fulfilment Celebrity endorsement under threat UK adspend grows despite Brexit View more news New body advances digital marketing 28 October 2016 HONG KONG: Seven leading companies have joined forces to form the Digital Marketing Association of Hong Kong (DMA), which was formally launched at an event on Wednesday. Founding members of the non-profit industry body include internet giants Facebook, Google and Yahoo!, as well as digital agency Pixels, multi-media group Next Digital, comScore, the measurement firm, and the South China Morning Post. "Our goal is to make digital marketing useful to more advertisers in Hong Kong, especially the local and international brands," explained Kevin Huang, CEO of Pixels. "We want advertisers to better understand the digital ecosystem and cultivate new talent to further develop the industry," he told the South China Morning Post. He went on to tell Campaign Asia that there will be consultation within the industry to establish guidelines that will be rolled out next year. But training programmes could be rolled out sooner, he added, possibly within the first quarter of 2017. "Without very clear standards, we are all measuring different types of segments," he said. "That is not the way forward if we want to be the biggest section of advertising." Leonie Valentine, Managing Director of Sales and Operations at Google Hong Kong, said the territory has tended to lag behind other mature markets in terms of digital adspend and explained the DMA would be able to benefit from Google's insights into consumer behaviour. "At Google, we have all the comparable information that we can link, and we do very deep analysis on which particular verticals consumers are in and what are their behaviours," she said. As for Next Digital, the company's Group CIO/CTO said its information on readers, such as saved stories on its websites, could help digital advertisers with their targeting. "Most of the time advertisers want to find their target users and increase engagement to their brands," said Mai Wah Cheung. "We can be the matchmaker to help the advertisers reach the right audience." Data sourced from South China Morning Post, Campaign Asia; additional content by Warc staff Read more from Warc: Improving Digital Advertising Experiences with Liquid Creativity CORONA 11:11 - Win your island Point of view: Chinnovation SK-II Marriage Takeover: How a Japanese skin care brand cut through in China Register for a trial Sign up for news A daily bulletin for marketers Related News Instagram lets brands test products J&J taps 'ambidextrous' marketing Coach taps Apple's iMessage Other top stories TIAA embraces 'radical simplicity' Warc Media Prize: Tech shortlist named Latinas emerge as vital demographic Brands eye cannabis market ASMR: the next forgotten fad? Drones and trains aid fulfilment Celebrity endorsement under threat UK adspend grows despite Brexit View more news × Unable to share news. Please ensure that the email addresses you have entered are valid. Back × Share with a colleague Your email address Your colleague’s email address Comment (max 150 characters) 
 Send Get daily news Do I subscribe? Request a trial Saved Items Sitemap Store About Help Contacts Partners Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2016 Copyright and Database Rights owned by Warc
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google's parent company, Alphabet, reports 20% revenue increase By Press Association Published: 02:10 EST, 28 October 2016 | Updated: 02:10 EST, 28 October 2016 e-mail Alphabet, the parent company of technology giant Google, has reported a 20% jump in revenue in its latest financial results. Meanwhile Amazon also reported positive numbers in its own results - with sales for the e-commerce giant up 29% on the same period last year to 32.7 billion US dollars (£26.8 billion). Amazon chief Jeff Bezos suggested the launch of smart home assistant Amazon Echo in the US and UK, which is powered by artificial intelligence called Alexa, was a key part of the growth. Alphabet is Google's parent company "Alexa may be Amazon's most loved invention yet - literally - with over 250,000 marriage proposals from customers and counting," he said. "And she's just getting better. Because Alexa's brain is in the cloud, we can easily and continuously add to her capabilities and make her more useful - wait until you see some of the surprises the team is working on now." Alphabet's strong results were driven by revenue of 22.5 billion dollars (£18.4 billion) for the last quarter, up from 18.7 billion dollars (£15.3 billion) in the same period last year. As expected, the vast majority of this money came from the Google business, with only around 200 million dollars coming from the so-called "Other Bets" area of Alphabet as a whole, which includes the self-driving car business and technology it continues to test in California. Alphabet's chief financial officer Ruth Porat said: " We had a great third quarter, with 20% revenue growth year on year, and 23% on a constant currency basis. Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." The Other Bets segment of the company, which contains the so-called "moonshot idea" projects including driverless cars and WiFi signal-carrying weather balloons continues to operate at a loss, however this dropped from 980 million dollars (£804 million) in the last quarter to 865 million dollars (£710 million) in the latest results. The reports were in stark contrast to those of Twitter, which opted to release its latest financial report before markets opened in the US on Thursday morning. The firm made a net loss of 102 million US dollars (£83 million) in the three months to the end of September, also announcing that it will be cutting more than 300 jobs globally as part of a shake-up of the business. Later the social media giant also revealed it was to discontinue video sharing service Vine "in the coming months". Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Rich Gets Richer: Google Parent Alphabet Reports Higher-Than-Expected Ad Sales 29 minutes ago Array 0 Vine's Shocking Shutdown Throws Web Celebs For a Loop By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 While You're Waiting for Apple's Delayed AirPods, Watch This Hilarious Parody Ad By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 Marketer MVPs of Social Media: This Is What It Takes for an Auto Brand to Win YouTube 2 hours ago Array 0 This Isn't a Lost Episode of 'Glee' -- It's a Hillary Clinton Ad By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 Vine's Shocking Shutdown Throws Web Celebs For a Loop By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago 0 Microsoft Just Out-Apple'd Apple With This Insanely Gorgeous Surface Studio Ad By Simon Dumenco - 8 hours ago 0 Laura Desmond Resigns From Publicis Groupe By E.J. Schultz - 5 hours ago 0 Ad Industry Blasts FCC's New Privacy Rules: You Got It Wrong By Kate Kaye - 5 hours ago 0 Can You Get Your Brand Into GM's In-Car Marketing System? (Yes) By E.J. Schultz - 12 hours ago 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Digital Ads to Overtake Traditional Ads in U.S. Local Markets by 2018 By Suman Bhattacharyya - Yesterday 0 Google Just Introduced Jamboards Into Office Culture By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Laura Desmond Resigns From Publicis Groupe By E.J. Schultz - 4 hours ago 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Rich Gets Richer: Google Parent Alphabet Reports Higher-Than-Expected Ad Sales Published on October 27, 2016. The Google logo hangs over the company's exhibition stand at the Dmexco digital marketing conference in Cologne, Germany, in September. Credit: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg Most Popular Google parent Alphabet reported quarterly revenue and profit on Thursday that topped analysts' estimates after buoyant internet ad sales made up for heavy spending on a slew of unprofitable newer products and projects, including self-driving cars and smartphones. Revenue, excluding payments to partner sites, rose 16% to $18.3 billion, the company said in a statement. Profit before certain items climbed 23.3% to $9.06 a share. Analysts on average had projected sales of $18 billion and per-share profit of $8.61, according to data complied by Bloomberg. Shares climbed in extended trading. Gains in Google's core ads business continued to offset spending on what the company calls Other Bets -- riskier long-term projects like the Fiber internet service and autonomous vehicles. Several of these new efforts have lost senior executives in the past few months. To bolster the company's main money-maker, Google has rolled out new ad features for mobile devices. Analysts expected these new tools to drive growth along with a continued increase in ad spending on Google's YouTube video service. The total number of ads clicked on Google's websites jumped 42% in the latest quarter, thanks to more paid ads on YouTube, an Alphabet executive said. "Online video is the biggest online ad growth driver and YouTube is the premier vehicle to play that trend," Brian Fitzgerald, an analyst at Jefferies LLC, wrote in a note to investors before the earnings report. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets," Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said in the statement. Observers were also watching for signs of growth in Google's enterprise business, a rising emphasis for the company as it attempts to chase larger rivals Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp. in the market for business software and cloud services. Google's "Other" revenue line, which includes the enterprise business, grew 39% to $2.4 billion in the third quarter. Losses continued to mount at Alphabet's disparate Other Bets divisions, which include more ambitious, risky efforts. Ms. Porat has said investment in these initiatives is necessary for the company's foray into nascent industries. Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million in the latest period. But operating losses were $865 million, suggesting heavy investment by the company. -- Bloomberg News In this article: Digital Online Publishing Search Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:08 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Alphabet sales top estimates on ads while spending continues Friday October 28, 2016 07:08 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Frida Kahlo painting, unseen for 60 years, surfaces for sale Rooney out of Spain game, Henderson to captain England The Edit: Supermoon wows stargazers tonight Sweden starts grilling of Assange at Ecuador embassy Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A woman holds her smart phone, which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken February 24, 2016. — Reuters picNEW yORK, Oct 28 — Alphabet Inc reported revenue and profit that topped analysts’ estimates after buoyant internet ad sales made up for heavy spending on a slew of unprofitable newer products and projects, including self-driving cars and smartphones. Revenue, excluding payments to partner sites, rose to US$18.3 billion (RM76.67 billion), the company said in a statement Thursday. Profit before certain items climbed to US$9.06 a share. Analysts on average had projected sales of US$18 billion and per-share profit of US$8.61, according to data complied by Bloomberg. Shares climbed in extended trading. Gains in Google’s core ads business continued to offset spending on what the company calls Other Bets — riskier long-term projects like the Fiber internet service and autonomous vehicles. Several of these new efforts have lost senior executives in the past few months. To bolster the company’s main money-maker, Google has rolled out new ad features for mobile devices. Analysts expected these new tools to drive growth along with a continued increase in ad spending on Google’s YouTube video service. The total number of ads clicked on Google’s websites jumped 42 per cent in the latest quarter, thanks to more paid ads on YouTube, an Alphabet executive said. “Online video is the biggest online ad growth driver and YouTube is the premier vehicle to play that trend,” Brian Fitzgerald, an analyst at Jefferies LLC, wrote in a note to investors before the earnings report. The company also announced a new plan to repurchase just over US$7 billion of its Class C stock. Shares of Alphabet rose as much as four per cent in extended trading after the report. Earlier, they had dropped less than one per cent to US$817.35 at the close in New York. The stock has gained about five per cent this year. “Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we’re excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets,” Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said in the statement. Investors were also watching for signs of growth in Google’s enterprise business, a rising emphasis for the company as it attempts to chase larger rivals Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp in the market for business software and cloud services. Google’s Other revenue line, which includes the enterprise business, grew 39 per cent to US$2.4 billion in the third quarter. Losses continued to mount at Alphabet’s disparate Other Bets divisions, which include more ambitious, risky efforts. Porat has said investment in these initiatives is necessary for the company’s foray into nascent industries. Other Bets generated revenue of US$197 million in the latest period. But operating losses were US$865 million, suggesting heavy investment by the company. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump US stocks mixed as Samsung announces US$8b Harman deal Stocks, dollar push higher tracking Trump Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week 'Beauty and the Beast' first full-length trailer Reuters Video: Models with Down Syndrome team up with celebrities Reuters Video: Reflection ‘healthy’ for Democratic party, says Obama Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Related Articles Alphabet said to bring in veteran fixer to rework Google fiber division Nest co-founder Fadell flies the coop Why the world is drawing battle lines against US tech giants Google autonomous car project teams with FiatChrysler Google parent Alphabet misses Wall Street targets, shares tumble Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 28 October 2016 | MYT 6:44 AM Google parent Alphabet beats on revenue, earnings; sets buyback Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06 on revenue of $22.45 billion. Analysts expected earnings of $8.63 a share and revenue of $22.05 billion, according to estimates on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S NEW Google parent Alphabet Inc reported stronger-than-expected quarterly revenues and earnings on Thursday, helped by strong advertising sales on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc, dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06 on revenue of $22.45 billion. Analysts expected earnings of $8.63 a share and revenue of $22.05 billion, according to estimates on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. "They are just one of the best positioned companies for the future of the internet," Rice said. Google's ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Rice said. "Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up," he said. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 percent of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent after rising 33 percent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc, Microsoft Corp and IBM Corp. Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said on an earnings call. Other Bets capital expenditure was driven by fast-internet service Fiber. Alphabet said this week it was pausing roll out of Fiber in some U.S. cities. "Our revenue growth reflects our sustained investment in innovation," Porat said. "Within Google, this relentless focus has led to innovations across our advertising platforms that have driven continued strong growth on a very large base while, at the same time, we’re building new businesses to serve as sources of future revenue growth." Other Bets reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures. The narrowing loss suggested Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat is instilling the kind of financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eWsu9Y) Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1 percent since the start of the year.- Reuters Tags / Keywords: Earnings , Stocks , Foreign News , Corporate News , Investing , Markets You May Be Interested Nor Shamsiah’s tenure as deputy governor of Bank Negara ends Concern about IOI Prop’s Singapore deal Mitsui Outlet Park KLIA to be SE Asia’s largest outlet mall Where are you on the journey to financial freedom? Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Samsung agrees to buy Harman for US$8bil Project promoting a healthy diet in its fifth year Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens Property Related advertisement Latest News Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Most Viewed in Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Mitsui Outlet Park KLIA to be SE Asia’s largest outlet mall Ringgit jumps against US$ early Monday Telekom Malaysia to provide services to MYTV for RM916mil Pelaburan Mara seeks to remove Aminuddin from PDZ board Billionaire Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Malaysian palm oil price posts biggest fall in over 4 months Trump rally falters as investors seek more clarity Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut Bank Negara takes on currency speculators advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums Home News News search Recent headlines | Apple CEO after Trump victory: "Let's move forward -- together!" AfterDawn > News > Google to have higher margins on Pixel XL than Apple has on iPhone 7 Google to have higher margins on Pixel XL than Apple has on iPhone 7 Written by Andre Yoskowitz (Google+) @ 27 Oct 2016 15:01 Thanks to new component analysis from IHS, we can now estimate what it costs Google to build their new Pixel XL smartphone. The firm says the XL with 32GB of internal storage has a total materials and manufacturing build of $285.75. The phone has a retail price of $769, suggesting a gross margin of $483.25 per unit. Of course, IHS does not take into account R&D and other costs but no matter what, Google is making significant numbers for every Pixel sold. Indeed, according to teardowns of the latest Apple products, the gross margins by Google are even higher. "Google is getting the same pricing for the same components as other tier one manufacturers of phones," said Andrew Rassweiler, senior director of cost benchmarking for IHS Markit. "They have as much pull as any of the big guys." That may be true in certain respects, but it is highly unlikely that Google can get the same pricing as Apple, a company that sells over 120 million units per year. Google has never released Nexus data, but it has been suggested that they have sold less than 50 million total Nexus devices since launch in 2009. Most of Google's XL costs come from the 5.5-inch AMOLED QHD display at $58 per unit and the Snapdragon SoC at $50. Tweet Tags: Apple iPhone 7 Google Pixel XL <Groupon acquires one-time rival LivingSocial for immaterial amount >Samsung confirms profit drop of 30 percent following Note7 recall Previous Next Write a comment Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Apple CEO after Trump victory: "Let's move forward -- together!" (10 Nov 2016 14:49) Apple as a tech company in Cupertino, California is by default a left-leaning place to work at. No only that Tim Cook has been supporting Hillary Clinton for president by hosting her fundraisers. .... Facebook stops using WhatsApp data thanks to UK watchdog (09 Nov 2016 14:07) As Facebook bought the world's largest messaging platform WhatsApp in 2014 it promised to keep it clear of ads and keep messaging private. Now the UK watchdog has had to come in and stop Facebook .... Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistant (07 Nov 2016 14:18) Samsung is trying to do its best to keep discussion away from the catastrophic failure of Galaxy Note7. Mostly this means talking about future products and most importantly the upcoming Galaxy S8. .... 4 user comments YouTube finally adds HDR support (07 Nov 2016 13:58) HDR has been arguably the biggest trend in displays this year. Adding to the clarity and contrast of 4K televisions, HDR brings a completely new type of technology to mainstream TVs. Of .... Google gives YouTube creators more moderation tools (04 Nov 2016 13:24) Not too long ago Google tried fusing Google+ with YouTube comments, but that was not the way to go to Google backtracked. Ever since the company has been trying to find ways to allow more moderation .... Latest user comments Google giving out $50 Play vouchers due to delays in Pixel shipmentsSoTired @ 11 Nov 2016 5:15 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistanthearme0 @ 09 Nov 2016 14:14 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantSoTired @ 09 Nov 2016 13:43 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantivymike @ 08 Nov 2016 6:59 Samsung to rival Google and Apple with its own AI assistantRezer @ 07 Nov 2016 19:39 Samsung investing over billion dollars in Austin, TX plantBozobub @ 07 Nov 2016 11:59 Samsung investing over billion dollars in Austin, TX plantKillerBug @ 07 Nov 2016 11:51 Google is struggling to get people paying for YouTubeajsmsg78 @ 05 Nov 2016 14:17 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2016 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad YouTube takes centre stage as Google parent Alphabet reveals it made $5.1 BILLION in just three months - despite its 'moonshot' lab losing $865 million Comes as Google preparing YouTube 'cord cutter' streaming TV package Quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion Figures boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue  Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades  By Associated Press Published: 16:51 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 17:52 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 20 shares 15 View comments Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. YouTube emerged as the  break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. Total revenue in the recently ended quarter was $22.5 billion, up from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Scroll down for video  Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. ALPHABET'S MOONSHOTS  YouTube is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons.  That segment, known as 'Other Bets,' lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures.  As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers.  It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons.  That segment, known as 'Other Bets,' lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon's shares slump as retailer giant misses quarterly... Get ready for Campbell's SUPER soup: Firm invests in DNA... Apple kills off the function keys and takes aim at cable... Cannabis could enhance your night vision: Study finds it... Share this article Share 20 shares YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago.  At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion.  It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. ALPHABET'S  SHARE PRICE BOOSTED BY EARNINGS Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures.  As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous.   FindTheCompany | Graphiq Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as 'PewDiePie' (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content.  YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S.  YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old — the 'millennial' generation — than any cable network.  That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue.  Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year.  The growth makes YouTube 'one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today,' Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week.  Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. FILE - This Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo shows the YouTube music app on a mobile phone, in Los Angeles. A decade after Google bought the video site YouTube amid widespread skepticism, YouTube is playing a increasingly important role in the internet company¿s current success and future ambitions. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal.  Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called 'Unplugged' that will debut on YouTube next year.  Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. 'The dam appears to be finally cracking' for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. Share or comment on this article e-mail 20 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine and a few afternoon clouds. High 67F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 44F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 14, 2016 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell U.S. Business Close 1 of 2 Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) Richard Vogel FILE - This Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo shows the YouTube music app on a mobile phone, in Los Angeles. A decade after Google bought the video site YouTube amid widespread skepticism, YouTube is playing a increasingly important role in the internet company’s current success and future ambitions. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) AP Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success By MICHAEL LIEDTKE AP Technology Writer Oct 27, 2016 (…) Marcio Jose Sanchez FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) Richard Vogel FILE - This Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo shows the YouTube music app on a mobile phone, in Los Angeles. A decade after Google bought the video site YouTube amid widespread skepticism, YouTube is playing a increasingly important role in the internet company’s current success and future ambitions. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. The trend has shifted a bigger chunk of advertising budgets from traditional network television programming to the more eclectic and diversified mix of clips ranging from cute cat videos to sobering shots of street violence found on YouTube. As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers. It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons. That segment, known as "Other Bets," lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. SMART DEAL YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago. At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion. It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as "PewDiePie" (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content. YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S. YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old — the "millennial" generation — than any cable network. That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year. The growth makes YouTube "one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today," Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week. STILL LACKING Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal. Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called "Unplugged" that will debut on YouTube next year. Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. "The dam appears to be finally cracking" for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Technology Cable Television Online Media Television Media Telecommunications Services Telecommunications Mobile Phones Consumer Electronics Arts And Entertainment Television Programs Entertainment Online Video Entertainment And Media Technology View (…) comments Most popular Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Panera closes St. Louis Bread Co. on South Grand GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Golden years redefined as older Americans work Divorce hits retirees hard, especially women A decade from retirement? Behind in planning? Five things you can do now to get ready. When did retirement become a dirty word? Older jobseekers find ageism is everywhere Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Circuit Court ruling says search warrant unnecessary to obtain blood tests in Kentucky DUI cases By James Mayse Messenger-Inquirer 13 hrs ago 0 Pattersons buy Shelby's, plan downtown restaurant 'Cash for Trash' keeping roadsides clean Man killed in early Monday shooting near St. Joseph Indiana Military Museum to apply for tourism grant Islamic Center of Owensboro vandalized Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness National Sports Perez wins OHL Classic at Mayakoba on Sunday By The Associated Press 12 hrs ago 0 Briscoe leads UK again, going on a Sunday drive Cardinals play host to William & Mary Elliott, Cowboys top Steelers, 35-30 No. 6 UNC rolls past Chattanooga No. 5 Louisville cruises past Belmont 73-50 in home opener Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Agriculture featured Daviess County Farm Bureau lining up priorities for 2017 By Angela Oliver Messenger-Inquirer 13 hrs ago 0 UK's Grain & Forage Center of Excellence Spider crickets: The bugs you don't want in your house this fall Want fries with that kale? Fast-food chains court granola crowd It's over; now let's have some peace Facebook to stop letting ads be racially targeted Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News featured McLean church showing off can-do spirit By STEPHANIE SALMONS Messenger-Inquirer Nov 13, 2016 0 Dant wins county attorney race Livermore hosts annual Veterans Day ceremony VFW, JROTC work to clean cemetery Church collects 1,200 cans for food baskets Friends of Island Close Marcio Jose Sanchez After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. web only Why Google Fiber is no longer rolling out to new cities By Brian Fung The Washington Post Oct 27, 2016 0 Marcio Jose Sanchez After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. The news may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping the search giant would bring competition and faster speeds to their area. So, what happened? Here are a few explanations for Google's (Oct. 25) announcement. Financial pressure from higher-ups Like many of its siblings in the broader Alphabet family, Google Fiber is likely feeling the heat from top executives who are trying to show investors that their money is being well spent. Remember when Google restructured itself last year? The move effectively divided Google into two parts: the one that makes a lot of money - the core business, which includes search, YouTube and many of the other consumer-facing services you think of when you think "Google"; and the one that spends a lot of money, which includes Fiber, Nest and its famous moonshot lab, X. This second half of the business has been under intense pressure to demonstrate results. That's why Astro Teller, the head of X, had to write a blog post essentially defending his department's reason to exist. It's why Google sought to spin off Boston Dynamics, which was reportedly spending too much time and money building products nobody would buy. And it's partly why there's been controversy surrounding Nest, the smart-thermostat maker. Although chief financial officer Ruth Porat cited Fiber as one of Alphabet's top performers in one of the first earnings calls after the restructuring, it seems as though no part of Alphabet has been able to escape the deeper financial scrutiny that came along with it. Not enough demand Just like Google Glass - the company's ill-fated attempt to build an augmented-reality visor - Google Fiber may be just a little ahead of its time. The thing about Fiber and businesses like it is that most consumers simply can't find a use for that much bandwidth yet. Google Fiber provides gigabit connectivity, which is orders of magnitude faster than what many Americans get in their homes today. Unless you're a corporation that operates a data center or runs a cloud computing business, you probably don't need a gigabit connection. As Vox points out, even the most data-hungry applications - ahem, Netflix - only require a 25 Mbps connection at the most. That's 1/40th the amount of bandwidth a Google Fiber connection provides. Our consumption of broadband is undoubtedly going to increase as we connect more devices to the Internet and those devices communicate in more sophisticated ways. But for now, Fiber is reportedly missing its subscriber goals, indicating there may not be enough demand for that level of service. Big incumbents made Google's job harder Google had an unenviable task in many of its chosen cities: It had to compete with large, established broadband providers who were already there or could benefit from regulations that raised the bar for new entrants. To counter the problem, Google tried something novel. It got cities to compete for Google's favor. The company basically said, "We'll come to your city if you complete this checklist of tasks that will make our lives easier." If a city proved itself worthy of Google Fiber - by easing the permitting or construction process, for example - then it increased the likelihood that it would be next on the list to receive Google's high-speed service. This arrangement sometimes resulted in cities doing things that the big incumbents didn't like. Louisville, Kentucky, for example, approved a city ordinance that would have let Google move cables around on utility poles that it didn't own. AT&T sued, saying the move was illegal and violated federal rules. Google responded by accusing AT&T of hindering competition. In Nashville, AT&T and Comcast have sued to defeat a similar measure. These fights are part of a larger battle among industry titans to determine how the market for broadband functions. Under one approach, it's much harder for companies like Google Fiber to get started. Under another approach, it gets easier. The problem for Google is that engaging in these fights can be a costly distraction beyond the already-substantial expense of laying down high-speed networks. Providing bundled TV is expensive There was another major cost Google had to account for when offering its Fiber service. Americans love their double- or triple-play bundles, which reduces the cost of buying Internet from traditional providers. To get customers to switch to Fiber, Google had to offer a compelling TV service of its own. And that meant doing all the same things a regular cable company does, such as pay channels like ESPN or HBO for their content. The cost of acquiring video content was "the single biggest impediment" to Google Fiber's wider rollout, a top Google Fiber executive, Milo Medin, told an audience in 2014. Compared to more established service providers, Medin said, Google was paying twice as much for video rights -- a cost that couldn't be avoided. Wireless broadband is the future Even as Google Fiber pays lots of money to lay down cables and secure access to TV programming, a different type of technology is coming down the pike: wireless fiber. In some respects, you can think of wireless fiber as similar to the 4G LTE you get on your cellphone - it's a wireless way of getting data. But in other ways, it's a totally different ballgame. Verizon's version claims to be 50 to 100 times faster than LTE. AT&T is working on something called AirGig, which envisions a network of wireless hotspots mounted on utility poles that constantly beam out high-speed wireless signals. There are signs Google is moving in this direction, too. In June, it acquired Webpass, a provider of wireless broadband. Other acquisitions support this theory. And in its announcement Tuesday, Google Fiber said it would be looking at "new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today." So even if Google Fiber is on hold in its current incarnation, changes in technology may someday reduce the costs Google faces today. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 62° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Circuit Court ruling says search warrant unnecessary to obtain blood tests in Kentucky DUI cases Pattersons buy Shelby's, plan downtown restaurant 'Cash for Trash' keeping roadsides clean Briscoe leads UK again, going on a Sunday drive Daviess County Farm Bureau lining up priorities for 2017 UK's Grain & Forage Center of Excellence Top EU official expresses unease over Trump election win Readying for Trump, Congress faces lame duck to-do list Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Owensboro Mayor Election Results Dish's Sling TV braces for onslaught from internet's goliaths Owensboro City Commission Results Owensboro City School Board Police Reports Owensboro native now a top Wal-Mart executive Daviess County School Board Family Court Results Owensboro native now a top Walmart executive Castlen denies Thompson an 8th term Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Boswell is not qualified for Family Court (3) 'Right to work' laws make big business rich, workers poor (2) Owensboro ranks low in LGBTQ report (1) Schamore fights for second term; Shortt pledges to fight corruption (1) Shriners feeling fall back from creepy clown sightings (1) Election officials, experts rebuff 'rigged' claim (1) Gas lights came to town in 1860 (1) Owensboro ranks low in LGBTQ report (1) No good choice in presidential election (1) Getting the most out of a new energy efficient heating or cooling unit (1) Cars 2000 Honda Civic LX. 101,000 miles. Runs good. $3000 OBO. $3,000 Mileage: 101,000 Oct 27, 2016 Honda Odyssey Touring 2012 Nav., heated leather, DVD, towing, 68K $23,000 Mileage: 68,000 Updated 15 hrs ago 2002 Ford T-Bird Black Hardtop Convertible, Deluxe Interior. 39k mi. $18,000 Mileage: 39,000 Updated 15 hrs ago Stocks Homes EAST-1808 E 18th St 2BD Brick House, Carport, Fenced in $650 Bedrooms: 2 Aug 11, 2016 East - Peppertree Apts. Nice 1 bdrm., stove, refrig., dishwasher $475 Nov 1, 2016 HOLIDAY SPECIALS SOUTH Updated 15 hrs ago Special Sections 11-12-16 REIO Nov 12, 2016 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of Nov. 11-12, 2016. 11-5-16 At Home Nov 5, 2016 0 2016 Local Election Guide Nov 2, 2016 0 Owensboro/Daviess County Local Election Guide 2016 4Q/2016 Sep 23, 2016 0 4Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2016. Think Pink Oct 3, 2016 0 2016 Guide to Breast Cancer Awareness 8-13-416 At Home Aug 13, 2016 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat American Music Awards 2016 Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Google Reports Net Income of $5 Billion Last Quarter, Singles Out YouTube Advertising Revenues 10/27/2016 by Andrew Flanagan FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a Google media event on Sept. 29, 2015 in San Francisco, California.  On revenues of $22.4 billion, Alphabet, the parent company of Google -- itself the parent of YouTube -- and "Other Bets" (the company's catch-all for everything but Google and its subsidiaries) saw GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) net income of $5 billion.  Google itself had revenues of $22.2 billion, with operating income of $6.7 billion. Those Other Bets -- which include the Nest connected home division, healthcare company Verily, and the GoogleX "moonshot" division, among others -- hit an operating loss of $865 million on revenues of $197 million. Ruth Porat, Alphabet's CFO, urged listeners on the earnings call to look away from quarterly earnings on Alphabet's wider net of companies, saying most are long-term investments and don't operate conceptually on a tri-monthly basis. Porat also pointed to the "significant rate" of YouTube's revenue -- those numbers aren't broken out, though Google posted ad revenues of $19.8 billion, with $4.1 billion in traffic acquisition costs -- mostly through increases in its advertising (which users have no doubt taken notice of). Those revenues are the reason behind the music industry holding the video giant over the coals throughout this year, over what they refer to as the "value gap" -- that is, the value they feel they provide YouTube versus the returns that rights holders receive, which they claim are below market value. Sources have told Billboard in the past that Google Play Music, the company's music streaming service, has relatively low subscriber numbers compared to that of Apple Music and Spotify. Over this past quarter, Google has also introduced a slew of hardware including a well-received smartphone, the Pixel, and a "smart speaker," called Home, meant to compete with Amazon's Echo. The European Commission, the governing body of the European Union, recently announced its plans to examine and reform safe harbor, the legal mechanism by which many rights holders are said to contribute to the "value gap." YouTube recently hired industry veteran Lyor Cohen as its head of music; he is expected to begin in November, and his presence at the company as a liaison and strategist in the music business is, of course, still a mystery. One executive told Billboard that Cohen has “burned all of his relationships in the business,” one executive says, “so I can't imagine it's going to help YouTube [to foster better industry relations]. There's no good will there.” Another characterized it as "a strong statement about trying to find a model for everybody, because you know that’s [Cohen’s] heart is in the development of artists. That’s who he is.” The company has 69,953 employees. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 73 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet. Post to Facebook Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share If you care about money, the economy and corporate America, earnings season matters. USA TODAY’S Matt Krantz breaks it down. USA TODAY Google announced third-quarter earnings on Thursday. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press) SAN FRANCISCO — Google's clicking with mobile device users, lifting the fortunes of parent company Alphabet. Strength in advertising on mobile devices and videos fueled yet another solid quarter for Alphabet that topped Wall Street estimates. Alphabet said Thursday that third-quarter net income rose 27% to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 a share, from a year ago. Excluding certain expenses, Alphabet said it would have earned $9.06 a share, beating analyst estimates of $8.60 a share. Alphabet revenue rose 20% to $22.45 billion. Excluding payments to advertising partners, total revenue was $18.27 billion. Analysts expected revenue of $17.99 billion. "Revenue growth continues to accelerate, 20% growth and 23% with neutral currency, those are really significant growth rates," said CFRA analyst Scott Kessler. "It underscores the continuing vibrancy of the company's offerings and business model." Google's ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1% of Google's total revenue. As people spend more time on smartphones, they are clicking on more Google ads. Advertisers generally pay less to reach consumers on mobile devices than desktop computers. Paid clicks, when users click on an advertisement, rose 33%, compared with an increase of 29% in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, the average amount advertisers pay Google for each click, fell 11% in the latest period after dropping 7% in the second quarter. "Paid clicks are notably higher than folks expected and the decline in cost-per-click was roughly in line with what people anticipated," Kessler said. Online video has emerged as another key driver of advertising growth with YouTube playing a starring role for Google, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Alphabet, told analysts. "YouTube revenue continues to grow at a very significant rate," she said. Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser says YouTube is not only making progress in capturing share of online video, it's making "an increasingly plausible case for capturing traditional television budgets." Google, Facebook and other tech companies are eager to crack open that big pot of dollars that marketers spend on television. "This was illustrated by this year’s announcement that clients of Interpublic’s Magna Global would commit $250 million of TV ad spending to YouTube," Wieser said. Digital is forecast to overtake TV ad spending this year for the first time. By the end of this year, U.S. digital ad spending will reach $72.09 billion, while TV spending will grow to $71.29 billion, according to research firm eMarketer. Not sitting on its laurels, Google is pushing into new businesses beyond advertising, such as its effort to compete with Amazon, Microsoft and IBM in cloud computing. Those other businesses, called "other revenue," was $2.4 billion in the third quarter, up 39% year over year. FindTheCompany | Graphiq "We’re building new businesses to serve as sources of future revenue growth. Most notably, Google Cloud is generating substantial revenue growth reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business as well as the enormous opportunity in this area," Porat told analysts. There are signs of trouble in Alphabet divisions outside of Google. The executive who ran the Google Fiber unit stepped down this week as the company halted roll-out of the super-speedy Internet and announced it's laying off 9% of its staff. Porat told analysts Alphabet remains committed to Google Fiber which is being deployed in 12 cities but is pausing roll-out in eight others as it develops new technologies such as wireless. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer-term, it’s inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. "Over the past year, for example, you’ve seen us make progress and accelerate our efforts in some areas while re-positioning or taking a pause in others. We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." Alphabet's "other bets," which include smart-home device maker Nest, self-driving cars and the X research facility, generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. BGC Financial analyst Colin Gillis said the narrowing loss shows the influence of Porat, who has brought greater financial discipline to the Internet giant. "Alphabet is showing discipline on other bets," he said. In other news, Alphabet's board approved authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. 73 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's CFO just denied it's ditching Google Fiber, saying the unit is still 'very active' Avery Hartmans Oct. 27, 2016, 5:59 PM 5,227 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Fiber announced on Tuesday it was freezing expansion and laying off staff, but Google's CEO says the company remains "very active" in its other cities.George Frey/Reuters Google isn't getting out of the internet service provider business anytime soon.  That's according to CFO Ruth Porat, who reaffirmed the company's commitment to Google Fiber, its high speed internet cable company. News broke on Tuesday that Google was halting expansion plans and laying off 9% of its staff. Here's what Porat had to say about the future of Fiber during the company's quarterly earnings call on Thursday: "We are very active in a lot of cities. In the third quarter alone, we rolled out four new cities, so that brings us to 12 cities across the US where we're deployed, in construction or in development. We're making great progress in those cities and we remain committed to growth in those cities. We also have a presence in six cities with our wireless acquisition, Webpass. We're pausing for now in our work in eight cities where we've been in exploratory discussions but...it's to better integrate some of our technology work that we've been developing." Porat said the company scaled back its growth to focus on new technologies that would improve effectiveness and efficiency. Google wanted to focus on those efforts before continuing with work in the eight new cities, Porat said.  In 2010, Google Fiber began offering Gigabit-speed internet access to residents in Kansas City, and began expanding to other cities soon after. But the project soon proved expensive and got caught up in numerous regulatory challenges.  SEE ALSO: Google Fiber's CEO is stepping down and the company is halting plans to offer service in several cities NOW WATCH: How to choose the best cut of steak — according to Anthony Bourdain Loading video... More: Google Alphabet Ruth Porat Google Fiber facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's CFO just denied it's ditching Google Fiber, saying the unit is still 'very active' Google's CFO just denied it's ditching Google Fiber, saying the unit is still 'very active' Google isn't getting out of the internet... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Business Highlights The Associated Press27 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share ___ Twitter cuts staff, kills off Vine app amid pressure to grow NEW YORK (AP) -- Twitter, seemingly unable to find a buyer and losing money, is cutting about 9 percent of its employees worldwide. It is also killing off Vine, a mobile video app where people share short video clips that play in a loop. While beloved by users, it never took off with the masses and has lost its luster as of late. Twitter has failed to keep pace with rivals Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram and in recent months, rumors abounded that it would be acquired. CEO Jack Dorsey on Thursday quickly brushed aside what he called "recent market speculation." ___ Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- YouTube has emerged as a break-out star for Google. The popularity of the service has shifted a bigger chunk of advertising budgets from traditional network television programming to the eclectic mix of clips found on YouTube. And that is making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. ___ Amazon misses 3Q profit forecasts SEATTLE (AP) -- Amazon.com Inc. shares fell in after-market trading on Thursday after the online retailer reported third-quarter net income that missed analyst expectations. The company said net income tripled to $252 million, or 52 cents per share, from $79 million, or 17 cents per share, in the prior-year quarter. That missed analyst expectations of 85 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue jumped 29 percent to $32.71 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Amazon has begun to balance spending with revenue more prudently and has reported a profit in each of the past five quarters. ___ Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) -- Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by its other gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The company is adding a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple's top-of-the-line laptop. The Pro will also come with a fingerprint sensor, similar to one in the iPhone, to unlock the device. It can recognize different users and offer quick switching based on the fingerprint. The new Macs will also offer a dedicated key for the Siri voice assistant, a feature added with the MacOS Sierra update last month. ___ US stock indexes slip further, but bond yields surge NEW YORK (AP) -- U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. ___ Ford's 3Q profit falls on recall, truck launch DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) -- Troubles in Ford Motor Co.'s home market — including slowing U.S. sales, a massive recall and the difficult launch of new heavy-duty pickups — are hurting the company's bottom line. Ford said Thursday its net income plunged 56 percent to $957 million in the third quarter. Its adjusted results beat market expectations but that didn't do much to offset concerns that Ford is headed for a rough patch. The company has already announced temporary plant shutdowns in North America this month to curb production, and plans more actions in the fourth quarter. ___ Aetna tops Street 3Q expectations, narrows 2016 forecast Aetna's third-quarter earnings rose nearly 8 percent to top Wall Street forecasts, as growing government business and cost cutting countered higher costs from the health insurer's Affordable Care Act coverage. But the nation's third-largest insurer narrowed its 2016 forecast just below analyst expectations heading into the year's final months, and its stock edged lower. Aetna's enrollment in government programs like Medicaid and Medicare grew 11 percent, to nearly 4.5 million people, and the insurer said Thursday that segment now contributes about half of its total health care premiums. Read More ___ Altria to close 2 tobacco facilities affecting 580 workers RICHMOND, Va. (AP) -- Altria, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said Thursday that it will close manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania and Illinois by early 2018, affecting about 580 workers. The company said about 200 jobs in different states will be available for those workers, if they choose to transfer. Altria did not say how many workers it expects to lay off. Full-time workers that do not transfer will be given a minimum of six months of severance, in addition to benefits and free job training, a spokesman said. ___ UPS 3Q profit up 1 percent as US revenue increases DALLAS (AP) -- UPS said Thursday that its third-quarter profit inched higher on growing revenue in the U.S. and a more profitable international delivery business. The package-delivery giant is heading into biggest test of the year, the holiday season. UPS expects to deliver more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, about 100 million more than last year. The third-quarter profit was roughly in line with Wall Street expectations but revenue beat the forecasts. ___ Average US 30-year mortgage rate eases to 3.47 percent WASHINGTON (AP) -- Long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined this week, moving closer to historically low levels. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage eased to 3.47 percent from 3.52 percent last week. The benchmark rate is down from 3.76 percent a year ago and close to its all-time low of 3.31 percent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, popular with homeowners who are refinancing, ticked down to 2.78 percent from 2.79 percent. ___ American and Southwest raises base fares by $5 each way DALLAS (AP) -- American and Southwest are raising fares by $5 each way, the latest move by airlines to reverse a price slump that has lasted nearly two years. American Airlines Group Inc. raised prices first and Southwest Airlines Co. followed suit on Thursday, according to J.P. Morgan Securities and FareCompare. Both airlines confirmed the price increase. Fares have been falling since airlines began adding flights and seats faster than the growth in travel demand. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite sank 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next US authorities probing Twitter flood of calls to "assasinate" Trump – Tech2 Tech2 Amid the chaos, tales of humanity The Hindu Google's doodle for Children's day today wants us to enjoy the moment Gizmodo Donald Trump credits social media for election win The Hindu You can withdraw cash from banks multiple times a day Yahoo India Finance Teacher brings all communities together Ani Malda, India's fake currency capital, is feeling the demonetisation pinch Scroll Foreign tourists stand in long queues outside ATM's Ani Mysterious Unidentified Object Crashes in Myanmar LiveScience.com OMG: Deepika Padukone Gifts Rs 40 Crore Flat To Her 'Special Man' Spotboye Donald Trump is richer than all the presidents combined Yahoo Finance Watch: People perform Ganga aarti on occasion of Dev Deepavali Ani 14 controversial statements made by Sonam Kapoor That shocked Bollywood folomojo Shahid Kapoor And Kareena Kapoor Hug Each Other: Oh, What A Moment Spotboye Common man never comes in luxury car to withdraw Rs 4000: Amit Shah on Rahul Gandhi English Pradesh18 Muslim artisans prepare calendar of Hindu Gods Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mobile, video pump up profit at Google parent Alphabet By Afp Published: 20:31 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 20:31 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail Google parent Alphabet delivered higher profits for the third quarter, lifted by gains in mobile and video advertising as the tech giant narrowed losses on its "moon shots." Net profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion. Revenue rose to $22.5 billion from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Shares rose nearly one percent in after-market trades that followed the release of the stronger-than-expected earnings figures. Google net profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion in the third quarter ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) "We had a great third quarter," Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat said in the earnings release. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." The California internet titan revamped its corporate structure more than a year ago, making Google's internet operations a division of Alphabet and putting units such as autonomous cars and internet service balloons in an "other bets" or "moonshots" category. The self-driving car effort that was once part of the X lab at Google -- devoted to bold, futuristic projects -- has become a separate business unit at Alphabet. Little has been revealed of its plans for going to market. The loss reported from Other Bets in the recently ended quarter came to $865 million, compared with $980 million in the same period a year earlier. "As we reach for moonshots that have a big impact in the longer term, it is inevitable that some efforts will have more success than others," Porat said. "We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." - New hardware strategy - Under its new structure, Alphabet is seeking to expand beyond its role as a search engine that provides advertising linked to queries. It has grown revenue in mobile search but is moving to further diversify its revenue stream. Earlier this month, Google took on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware, launching premium-priced, in-house designed Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. Google also revealed details about its new "home assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. But getting more heavily into hardware would entail new costs in the current quarter, Porat cautioned. "We expect to spend more on marketing in the year-end quarter due to the new products," she said. The company recently put on hold its "Fiber" initiative, which aimed to deliver ultrahigh-speed residential broadband to a number of cities. Kansas City in 2011 became the first city chosen by the group to test its Google Fiber internet network, promising transmission speeds of 100 times that of current networks. Although Alphabet remains committed to Fiber, it put deployment on hold after the team made "important breakthroughs" with technologies seen as key to implementation of the super-fast internet service, Porat said. "We wanted to focus on the potential of these efforts before we reaccelerate deployment," she said. "It was about ensuring that we can take advantage of those (breakthroughs) before again pushing forth." Alphabet also announced that its board has authorized spending as much as $7 billion to repurchase outstanding shares of stock. The company's shares were up nearly a percent to $825 in after-market trades that followed the earnings figures release. "Alphabet's latest quarterly results were very good once again," Pivotal Research Group said in a note to investors. "Revenue growth trends seem pretty clear with Google reinforcing its co-hegemonic position alongside Facebook on an ongoing basis." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 Business Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this file photo illustration taken in Berlin. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, October 28, 2016 Updated: 8:50 AM, October 28, 2016 Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to $5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to $22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a $5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06, beating expectations of $8.63 a share on revenues of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It’s showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there’s still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp. Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of $865 million, down from a year-ago loss of $980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google's Alphabet defies expectations with 20% revenue rise Alphabet, alongside Facebook, is dominating the fast-growing mobile ad market and has benefited from robust sales on mobile devices and YouTube Google’s ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82bn. Photograph: Pawel Kopczynski/Reuters Staff and agencies Thursday 27 October 2016 17.56 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.24 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Google’s parent Alphabet defied expectations to report a 20.2% rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, while retail giant Amazon slightly missed predicted predicted forecasts due to spending on preparations for the holiday season. Indicating an end to its record-breaking profits streak, Amazon reported profit of $252m or 52 cents per share, though analysts had predicted 85 cents per share. Revenues reached $32.71bn but are predicted to reach between $42bn and $45.5bn for the busy fourth quarter. Alphabet meanwhile continues to dominate the fast-growing mobile advertising market, along with Facebook. The company has benefited from robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and on YouTube, and also said it would repurchase about $7bn of its Class C stock. Shares of Alphabet, which is the world’s second largest company by market value, were up 1.6% in after-hours trading. Google’s ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82bn in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1% of Google’s total revenue, compared with 89.8% of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33%, compared with a rise of 29% in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Google Fiber to cut jobs and halt expansion of US internet service Read more Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11% in the latest period after dropping 7% in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9%, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88bn in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9% of the global market. Google’s Other Revenue, which includes the company’s increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8% after rising 33% in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon, Microsoft and IBM. Alphabet’s Other Bets generated revenue of $197m, but reported an operating loss of $865m. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141m and the loss was $980m. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company’s research facility that works on “moon shot” ventures. The company’s consolidated revenue rose to $22.45bn in the three months to 30 September from $18.68bn a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06bn. Alphabet’s shares have risen 5.1% since the start of the year. More news Topics Google Alphabet Amazon.com Advertising Internet E-commerce Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Business Highlights     By The Associated Press October 27, 2016     ___ Twitter cuts staff, kills off Vine app amid pressure to grow NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter, seemingly unable to find a buyer and losing money, is cutting about 9 per cent of its employees worldwide. It is also killing off Vine, a mobile video app where people share short video clips that play in a loop. While beloved by users, it never took off with the masses and has lost its lustre as of late. Twitter has failed to keep pace with rivals Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram and in recent months, rumours abounded that it would be acquired. CEO Jack Dorsey on Thursday quickly brushed aside what he called "recent market speculation." ___ Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star for Google. The popularity of the service has shifted a bigger chunk of advertising budgets from traditional network television programming to the eclectic mix of clips found on YouTube. And that is making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 per cent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 per cent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. ___ Amazon misses 3Q profit forecasts SEATTLE (AP) — Amazon.com Inc. shares fell in after-market trading on Thursday after the online retailer reported third-quarter net income that missed analyst expectations. The company said net income tripled to $252 million, or 52 cents per share, from $79 million, or 17 cents per share, in the prior-year quarter. That missed analyst expectations of 85 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue jumped 29 per cent to $32.71 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Amazon has begun to balance spending with revenue more prudently and has reported a profit in each of the past five quarters. ___ Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) — Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by its other gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The company is adding a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple's top-of-the-line laptop. The Pro will also come with a fingerprint sensor, similar to one in the iPhone, to unlock the device. It can recognize different users and offer quick switching based on the fingerprint. The new Macs will also offer a dedicated key for the Siri voice assistant, a feature added with the MacOS Sierra update last month. ___ US stock indexes slip further, but bond yields surge NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defence companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. ___ Ford's 3Q profit falls on recall, truck launch DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) — Troubles in Ford Motor Co.'s home market — including slowing U.S. sales, a massive recall and the difficult launch of new heavy-duty pickups — are hurting the company's bottom line. Ford said Thursday its net income plunged 56 per cent to $957 million in the third quarter. Its adjusted results beat market expectations but that didn't do much to offset concerns that Ford is headed for a rough patch. The company has already announced temporary plant shutdowns in North America this month to curb production, and plans more actions in the fourth quarter. ___ Aetna tops Street 3Q expectations, narrows 2016 forecast Aetna's third-quarter earnings rose nearly 8 per cent to top Wall Street forecasts, as growing government business and cost cutting countered higher costs from the health insurer's Affordable Care Act coverage. But the nation's third-largest insurer narrowed its 2016 forecast just below analyst expectations heading into the year's final months, and its stock edged lower. Aetna's enrolment in government programs like Medicaid and Medicare grew 11 per cent, to nearly 4.5 million people, and the insurer said Thursday that segment now contributes about half of its total health care premiums. ___ Altria to close 2 tobacco facilities affecting 580 workers RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Altria, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said Thursday that it will close manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania and Illinois by early 2018, affecting about 580 workers. The company said about 200 jobs in different states will be available for those workers, if they choose to transfer. Altria did not say how many workers it expects to lay off. Full-time workers that do not transfer will be given a minimum of six months of severance, in addition to benefits and free job training, a spokesman said. ___ UPS 3Q profit up 1 per cent as US revenue increases DALLAS (AP) — UPS said Thursday that its third-quarter profit inched higher on growing revenue in the U.S. and a more profitable international delivery business. The package-delivery giant is heading into biggest test of the year, the holiday season. UPS expects to deliver more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, about 100 million more than last year. The third-quarter profit was roughly in line with Wall Street expectations but revenue beat the forecasts. ___ Average US 30-year mortgage rate eases to 3.47 per cent WASHINGTON (AP) — Long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined this week, moving closer to historically low levels. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage eased to 3.47 per cent from 3.52 per cent last week. The benchmark rate is down from 3.76 per cent a year ago and close to its all-time low of 3.31 per cent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, popular with homeowners who are refinancing, ticked down to 2.78 per cent from 2.79 per cent. ___ American and Southwest raises base fares by $5 each way DALLAS (AP) — American and Southwest are raising fares by $5 each way, the latest move by airlines to reverse a price slump that has lasted nearly two years. American Airlines Group Inc. raised prices first and Southwest Airlines Co. followed suit on Thursday, according to J.P. Morgan Securities and FareCompare. Both airlines confirmed the price increase. Fares have been falling since airlines began adding flights and seats faster than the growth in travel demand. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 29.65 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 6.39 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite sank 34.29 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 5,215.97. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 per cent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Associated Press The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   The Estée Lauder Companies to Acquire Too Faced Rockwell Automation Invests $12M to Bring Science and Technology to Next Generation Workforce BioTalent Canada to Be Featured on CEO Clips on the Documentary Channel           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close MacBook Pro 2016 Hands-on: A future without function keys Galaxy S8 could incorporate Samsung’s own take on Siri and Google Assistant Alphabet Q3 2016 Earnings: Google is still one of the world’s largest ad businesses Jessica Vomiero October 27, 2016 5:44pm With $22.4 billion in earnings, Google parent company Alphabet is still running one of the largest ad operations in the world. The company reported a 20 percent revenue increase year over year with an operating income of $6 billion and earnings per share of $9.06. GAAP net income was $5.06 billion at $7.25 earnings per share. Of that, the Google segment comprises $22.2 billion, and ‘Other Bets’ (which are companies outside of Alphabets core competencies) comprises $197 million. ‘Other Bets’ is also running an operating loss of $865 million. The company also announced a $7 billion stock buyback. While its advertising revenues are expectedly high, Google’s mobile advertising revenues are higher than ever. Approximately 59.5 percent of the company’s global ad revenue will come from mobile ads this year, compared to the 45.8 percent it amounted to in 2015. “We had a great third quarter, with 20% revenue growth year on year, and 23% on a constant currency basis. Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we’re excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets,” said Ruth Porat, CFO of Alphabet, in a statement. Google’s ad revenue makes it the world’s second largest ad business, after Facebook, and it’s market value makes it the world’s second biggest company in terms of market value, after Apple. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google controls 95 percent of the mobile search market, compared to 78 percent on personal computers. While Facebook has proved a worthy competitor in the mobile space, it’s Google that continues to lead. However, Google doesn’t want to live out its days as an ad business. It’s ‘Other Bets’ department always seems to be an area of speculation for analysts, as it’s yet to generate a profit. ‘Other Bets’ did however, generate a $865 million in losses over $197 million in revenue. Under this category are Nest, Google Fiber, Verily and others. In addition, however, are some other endeavours that are actually generating revenue. Alongside Android, YouTube, apps and a suite of Google-branded internet products, the tech giant recently released line of smartphones and smart home devices. Non advertising revenue increased by 39 percent to $2.43 billion. As the company continues to broaden its reach, it will likely increase its investment in the cloud as well as new hardware. While Alphabet’s new smartphone line, the Pixel and Pixel XL, didn’t appear in this quarter’s earnings report, it will be interesting to see what impact these newly launched products have as the holidays draw near. Related: Google acquires Eyefluence as part of virtual and augmented reality projects SourceAlphabet Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 27, 2016 The Associated Press   0 ___ Twitter cuts staff, kills off Vine app amid pressure to grow NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter, seemingly unable to find a buyer and losing money, is cutting about 9 per cent of its employees worldwide. It is also killing off Vine, a mobile video app where people share short video clips that play in a loop. While beloved by users, it never took off with the masses and has lost its lustre as of late. Twitter has failed to keep pace with rivals Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram and in recent months, rumours abounded that it would be acquired. CEO Jack Dorsey on Thursday quickly brushed aside what he called “recent market speculation.” ___ Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google’s success SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star for Google. The popularity of the service has shifted a bigger chunk of advertising budgets from traditional network television programming to the eclectic mix of clips found on YouTube. And that is making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google’s corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 per cent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 per cent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. ___ Amazon misses 3Q profit forecasts SEATTLE (AP) — Amazon.com Inc. shares fell in after-market trading on Thursday after the online retailer reported third-quarter net income that missed analyst expectations. The company said net income tripled to $252 million, or 52 cents per share, from $79 million, or 17 cents per share, in the prior-year quarter. That missed analyst expectations of 85 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue jumped 29 per cent to $32.71 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Amazon has begun to balance spending with revenue more prudently and has reported a profit in each of the past five quarters. ___ Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) — Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by its other gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The company is adding a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple’s top-of-the-line laptop. The Pro will also come with a fingerprint sensor, similar to one in the iPhone, to unlock the device. It can recognize different users and offer quick switching based on the fingerprint. The new Macs will also offer a dedicated key for the Siri voice assistant, a feature added with the MacOS Sierra update last month. ___ US stock indexes slip further, but bond yields surge NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defence companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. ___ Ford’s 3Q profit falls on recall, truck launch DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) — Troubles in Ford Motor Co.’s home market — including slowing U.S. sales, a massive recall and the difficult launch of new heavy-duty pickups — are hurting the company’s bottom line. Ford said Thursday its net income plunged 56 per cent to $957 million in the third quarter. Its adjusted results beat market expectations but that didn’t do much to offset concerns that Ford is headed for a rough patch. The company has already announced temporary plant shutdowns in North America this month to curb production, and plans more actions in the fourth quarter. ___ Aetna tops Street 3Q expectations, narrows 2016 forecast Aetna’s third-quarter earnings rose nearly 8 per cent to top Wall Street forecasts, as growing government business and cost cutting countered higher costs from the health insurer’s Affordable Care Act coverage. But the nation’s third-largest insurer narrowed its 2016 forecast just below analyst expectations heading into the year’s final months, and its stock edged lower. Aetna’s enrolment in government programs like Medicaid and Medicare grew 11 per cent, to nearly 4.5 million people, and the insurer said Thursday that segment now contributes about half of its total health care premiums. ___ Altria to close 2 tobacco facilities affecting 580 workers RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Altria, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said Thursday that it will close manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania and Illinois by early 2018, affecting about 580 workers. The company said about 200 jobs in different states will be available for those workers, if they choose to transfer. Altria did not say how many workers it expects to lay off. Full-time workers that do not transfer will be given a minimum of six months of severance, in addition to benefits and free job training, a spokesman said. ___ UPS 3Q profit up 1 per cent as US revenue increases DALLAS (AP) — UPS said Thursday that its third-quarter profit inched higher on growing revenue in the U.S. and a more profitable international delivery business. The package-delivery giant is heading into biggest test of the year, the holiday season. UPS expects to deliver more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year’s Eve, about 100 million more than last year. The third-quarter profit was roughly in line with Wall Street expectations but revenue beat the forecasts. ___ Average US 30-year mortgage rate eases to 3.47 per cent WASHINGTON (AP) — Long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined this week, moving closer to historically low levels. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage eased to 3.47 per cent from 3.52 per cent last week. The benchmark rate is down from 3.76 per cent a year ago and close to its all-time low of 3.31 per cent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, popular with homeowners who are refinancing, ticked down to 2.78 per cent from 2.79 per cent. ___ American and Southwest raises base fares by $5 each way DALLAS (AP) — American and Southwest are raising fares by $5 each way, the latest move by airlines to reverse a price slump that has lasted nearly two years. American Airlines Group Inc. raised prices first and Southwest Airlines Co. followed suit on Thursday, according to J.P. Morgan Securities and FareCompare. Both airlines confirmed the price increase. Fares have been falling since airlines began adding flights and seats faster than the growth in travel demand. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 29.65 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 6.39 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite sank 34.29 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 5,215.97. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 per cent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Confused About the Market? You're Not Alone DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Alphabet Tops Wall Street Estimates, Ad Revenue Continues to Climb Shares of Google parent Alphabet getting a pop after reporting quarterly results which topped Wall Street forecasts. Ruben Ramirez Oct 27, 2016 5:24 PM EDT Shares of Google parent Alphabet ( GOOGL) getting a pop after reporting quarterly results which topped Wall Street forecasts. It looks like Google is continuing to take ad revenue from traditional media budgets. Here's a quick look at the numbers. Alphabet earned $9.06 a share, estimates had been for profits of $8.64 a share. On the revenue side, Alphabet brought in $22.45 billion, roughly in line with expectations. Alphabet's core business which includes search, YouTube, Maps, Android, Google Apps had operating income of $6.8 billion, that's up a billion dollars from the same period a year ago. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets," said CFO Ruth Porat. Alphabet's other bets segment, which includes Nest, Google Fiber, Calico, and other moonshot projects, posted an operating loss of $865 million, that's up slightly from the second quarter, but better than the close to billion dollars it lost in same period a year ago. TheStreet's Ruben Ramirez has details from Wall Street. If you liked this article you might like Chinese Tech Stocks Fell as Uncertainty Over U.S.-China Relations Remains The Dow Jones Industrial Average maintains its record winning streak despite the tech sector fall. Vicky Huang Nov 14, 2016 6:13 PM EST Dow Scores Slim New Record While Nasdaq, S&P 500 Fall The Dow ekes out slim gains to score a new record on Monday. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 14, 2016 4:06 PM EST Google Play Music Now Recommends What You Should Listen to Next Alphabet is rolling out a new feature on its Google Play Music streaming service that creates personalized playlists, similar to those offered by Spotify and Apple Music. Annie Palmer Nov 14, 2016 3:06 PM EST Stocks Waver as Wall Street's Trump Rally Fades Stocks hold mixed midday Monday as Wall Street continues to pick apart the likely policies of President-elect Donald Trump. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 14, 2016 2:45 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending The 20 Least Educated Cities in the U.S. With Donald Trump as President, Here's What Will Happen to the U.S. Economy Moving to Canada After Trump's Election? Here's Your Real Estate Guide to the Great White North Apple's iPhone 8 Just Keeps Looking Better and Better 6 Stocks to Buy When Donald Trump Is President Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Elections 2016 October 27, 2016 5:45 PM How a dot-com millionaire became a social media crusader against solar amendment facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:57 Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House Pause 2:32 Trump names Priebus chief of staff, other top advisors await appointments 2:54 Melania Trump delivers speech at Republican National Convention 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:33 Sights, sounds and tears from Clinton's election night event 2:22 Pence: The American people have elected their new champion 2:07 Hillary campaign director: She is not done yet 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:36 Trump thanks Clinton for her public service and a hard-fought campaign 1:40 Hillary Clinton campaigns during a downpour in Pembroke Pines Saturday Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Amendment 1 will be voted on during the November 8 election. McClatchy Jonathan Taylor, a venture capital investor and online marketing expert from Maitland, Florida, is self-financing an online campaign to urge the public to reject Amendment 1. Courtesy of Jonathan Taylor Opponents of Amendment 1 put on costumes to call attention to their effort Courtesy of Floridians for Solar Choice Florida environmental photographer Clyde Butcher made his own No on 1 sign Courtesy of Floridians for Solar Choice Volunteers in Tallahassee convene for a No on 1 phone bank. Courtesy of Floridians for Solar Choice Jonathan Taylor took this screenshot of the ad placement by different accounts all pointing to the pro-Amendment 1 campaign page, a violation of Google advertising policies Courtesy of Jonathan Taylor Jonathan Taylor used this annotated screenshot of the Yes on 1 ad placement in making his complaint to Google about potential violations. Courtesy of Jonathan Taylor 1 of 7 i By Mary Ellen Klas Herald/Times Tallahassee Bureau LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TALLAHASSEE Meet Jonathan Taylor. He’s one of those wealthy internet start-up whizzes who wrote software in high school, moved to Silicon Valley, made it rich during the dot-com surge, and created and sold two businesses. He has moved back to his roots in Florida and, at 45, is a self-described “mentor/investor” based in the Orlando suburb of Maitland. Until two weeks ago, the only political thing Taylor had ever done, he says, was vote. But when he got “irritated about the confusion over Amendment 1,” he decided to personally finance his own internet marketing campaign to “get the reality about the amendment out” and urge people to reject the utility industry-backed amendment that creates a new barrier to competition. “The language reads pro-consumer when in reality it’s pro-confusion,” said Taylor, a “former Republican” who says he is now “sort of without a party.” “I have many intelligent friends who are pro-solar, who just didn’t understand the realities of Amendment 1. It’s pretty amazing, actually.” Nov. 8 election Miami Herald Voters Guide Miami Herald recommendations Early voting information Election 2016 coverage Taylor has given himself a budget of $100,000 and, using his years of online marketing expertise, developed social media ads on Twitter and Facebook, created a website landing page called FloridianSolar.org, paid for boosted posts and called out the utility-financed political committee for breaking Google’s online advertising rules. In two weeks, his tracking software indicated that his efforts had reached five million voting-age Floridians. His personal posts, on his company’s Entrenext website, reached three million Facebook users and has had more than 55,000 shares and 32,000 likes. Taylor makes a point of noting that he is not affiliated with Floridians For Solar Choice, the solar industry-backed political committee opposing Amendment 1. “However, I sure like what they’re saying,” he says on his website. The amendment uses the popularity of solar to embed new language into the Constitution that can be used to raise fees on solar users and establish a barrier to competition for the monopoly-owned utilities. By law, Taylor’s effort must be reported by the political committee — about $36,000 in in-kind contributions reported last week and another $45,000 this week, said Susan Glickman, Florida director of the Southern Alliance for Clean Energy, who works with anti-Amendment 1 political committee. Taylor’s effort is one of dozens of “organic efforts by people who are coming up with their own ways to encourage people to ‘vote no’ on Amendment 1,” Glickman said. She has photos of people who have converted used campaign yard signs to Vote No on 1 signs, volunteers who are running phone banks, and a woman who made buttons featuring “a wolf in sheep’s clothes” — the label Supreme Court Justice Barbara Pariente gave the amendment in a court ruling. Companies have posted information on their business sites; Florida crooner Jimmy Buffett has recorded a video; the Clearwater band Stone Marmot has recorded a song, and they have all done it at no expense to the opposition campaign, she said. The promoters of the amendment, Consumers for Smart Solar, are financed primarily by the state’s investor-owned utilities. The group spent nearly $22 million promoting the amendment and running television ads. A telephone robo call from singer Pat Boone, is also sponsored by the 60-Plus Association, which is funded heavily by the Koch brothers. By contrast, the Floridians for Solar Choice raised and spent $1.6 million in an unsuccessful attempt to put a rival amendment on the ballot. Taylor said his internet campaign also revealed that Amendment 1 backers may not have been playing by Google’s rules. He found that every Google search about the amendment produced two or three different ads, from different accounts, all pointing to content by Consumers for Smart Solar, the utility-supported political committee that is promoting the amendment. It was a violation of Google’s online advertising rules because it drives up the price, intentionally crowds out all the ad positions and creates “an unfair advantage,” Taylor explained. “There is no reason to have multiple ads and try to take all the ad positions, because people just click on one of them. They have this big war chest and they are spending it to minimize people’s exposure.” Taylor said that in his 15 years working on online marketing, “I’ve never seen anyone abuse the Google advertising ability in that way. It’s been banned since the very beginning of search advertising. It’s just cheating.” Taylor said he took a screenshot, mentioned it on Facebook and then he and others reported it to Google. This week, the multiple ads were down. Google did not respond to requests for comment. Sarah Bascom, spokesperson for Consumers for Smart Solar, denied that their ads had been “reported, flagged or taken down by Google.” She also defended the need for multiple accounts. “With our opponents regularly spreading misinformation, we want to ensure that voters find factual information when they search for answers about Amendment 1,’’ she said. “Using different ads allows us to send voters to the right place with the specific answers to their specific search or question.” Bascom was not aware of Taylor, or that his effort was self-financed and reported. She suggested he was operating as a “dark money group.” “Once again, we are operating in a fully transparent way, and you continue to give the benefit of the doubt to those who are not,” she said. “It’s the work of these groups, not our committee, that are increasing the cost of online advertising and crowding out his efforts.” Taylor said he doesn’t own any stock or investment in any solar company -- although when he discovered that inventor Elon Musk owns a part of the solar installment firm, Solar City, he divested his stock in Musk’s company, he said. He tells readers, “unfortunately I don’t even have a solar system on my house right now. I had one two houses ago, but I haven’t had time to research putting one on my new house.” Taylor also said he has “nothing against power companies” but he doesn’t like it “when companies try to fool me with misleading causes.” In his research, he said was frustrated to learn that utilities take federal subsidies for their operations but “they don’t want you to have them for solar.” Taylor, who admits he drives a Tesla because it’s “fast as hell,” says he’s not doing this “because I believe in green energy at any price.” “I do it because I believe solar will be the most cost efficient way to generate power in this country in the future,’’ he said. “Clearly, the power companies see this, too.” Mary Ellen Klas can be reached at meklas@MiamiHerald.com. Follow her on Twitter @MaryEllenKlas Related content Who favors and who opposes solar Amendment 1? LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Elections 2016 Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 Trump names Priebus chief of staff, other top advisors await appointments Pause 2:54 Melania Trump delivers speech at Republican National Convention 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:33 Sights, sounds and tears from Clinton's election night event 2:22 Pence: The American people have elected their new champion 2:07 Hillary campaign director: She is not done yet 19:39 Donald Trump’s full election night victory speech 1:36 Trump thanks Clinton for her public service and a hard-fought campaign 1:40 Hillary Clinton campaigns during a downpour in Pembroke Pines Saturday 1:53 Marco Rubio votes early in West Miami Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 2:57 4 days ago Trump, Obama meet for first time at White House 1:43 5 days ago Election Day by the numbers 1:11 5 days ago Miami women's group protests Trump's election View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Americas (Monday - Friday) Our best source for news and opinion on Cuba and the Americas. Politics 2016 (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the 2016 elections and the latest national, state and local politics. Family Fare (Wednesdays) Have a family? Then this is your source for family friendly events, education news, health news and other important topics that parents need to know. View all newsletters Elections 2016 Dade elections: Still 475,000 ballots away from declaring winner in Asencio-Rivera race As rooftop solar costs drop, utility attempts to raise barriers may not work Gobsmacked by election, Florida Democrats try to refocus Trump’s triumph sets off an angry (and belated) millennial backlash Three Homestead charter changes were passed on Election Day Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Google parent Alphabet beats on revenue, earnings; sets buyback | Reuters - Firstpost NewsTracker Full coverage of the US Presidential Election 2016 Firstpost. Tuesday, November 15, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow Dummies' guide to the US presidential elections Front Page Politics Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed Demonetisation: As Modi tries to gather public support, Mayawati, Mamata, Kejriwal rally against move Bold and decisive: NDA stands behind PM Modi on demonetisation, ready to take on Opposition in Winter Session Modi in Ghazipur: PM's rally is to convince people that demonetisation is a good decision Demonetisation: Mayawati hits back at Modi on 'garlands of notes' remark Demonetisation drive: With this decision, Modi has taken BJP beyond its traders’ vote-bank Sports Fed Cup: Amelie Mauresmo expecting second child; steps down as France captain Indian shooter Heena Sidhu unhappy with the condition of the shooting range in Pune Sachin Tendulkar says introduction of DRS in India-England series is a 'positive step' Ander Herrera insists Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho has dressing room backing Universe Boss Part 2: Sabbir Rahman smashes Chris Gayle's BPL record with 61-ball 122 Interim manager Gareth Southgate wants quick decision on his England future India Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget - Kailash Satyarthi | Reuters Trump rally falters as investors seek more clarity | Reuters Demonetisation: Charges on ATM transactions waived till 30 December 'Kashmir unrest is to dethrone Mehbooba Mufti': PDP's Baig stirs hornet's nest with his latest remark Demonetisation: RBI bars Gujarat DCCBs from accepting/exchanging scrapped notes World Protests against Donald Trump: Dissent, with limited purpose, keeps nation’s democratic health in check 'Dealmaker' Trump is a man Britain and EU can do business with: UK's Boris Johnson WikiLeaks' Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors over rape allegation Powerful quake hits New Zealand's South Island, two dead Donald Trump urged to reform H-1B visa system and increase quota US President-elect Donald Trump says will take $1 as salary, no vacations when in office Business Demonetisation: Charges on ATM transactions waived till 30 December Demonetisation: RBI bars Gujarat DCCBs from accepting/exchanging scrapped notes Demonetisation LIVE: All party meeting, chaired by Sumitra Mahajan, underway Tata-Mistry feud: Markets regulator Sebi has stepped up scrutiny on developments Reliance Industries' partner Niko puts KG-D6 stake for sale Govt saved Rs 36,000 crore in one year by plugging leakages via JAM Life Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Curbing stray dog menace: Animal welfare board's approach deeply flawed, unscientific and unsavoury My Sunset Marriage review: Hoshang Merchant's collected poems make for enjoyable reading Death of a town: As Shimla hurtles towards modernity, what it has lost remains undefinable Entertainment Rock On 2 bears the brunt of demonetisation or of its own mediocrity? Box office update Shruti Haasan files an FIR against a cyber stalker, a Karnataka-based doctor Koffee with Karan Season 5 Episode two: Twinkle Khanna should have her own talk show On Juhi Chawla's birthday, here's the story of how she bagged 'Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak' Parineeti Chopra is the newest addition to Golmaal 4; Ajay Devgn welcomes her on board From Aamir Khan to Shah Rukh Khan, Bollywood gives a thumbs up to PM's demonetisation move US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Google parent Alphabet beats on revenue, earnings; sets buyback | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Oct 28, 2016 03:15 IST #follow   #follow-reuters   #newsletters   #reuters-info-channel   #reuters-news   #reuters-news-agency   By Narottam Medhora and Julia Love Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) reported stronger-than-expected quarterly revenues and earnings on Thursday, helped by strong advertising sales on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock.Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc (FB.O), dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market.Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading.The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06 on revenue of $22.45 billion. Analysts expected earnings of $8.63 a share and revenue of $22.05 billion, according to estimates on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. "They are just one of the best positioned companies for the future of the internet," Rice said.Google's ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter.Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them.Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount.Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper.Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Rice said. "Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up," he said. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 percent of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent after rising 33 percent in the second quarter.The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and IBM Corp (IBM.N).Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said on an earnings call. Other Bets capital expenditure was driven by fast-internet service Fiber.Alphabet said this week it was pausing roll out of Fiber in some U.S. cities."Our revenue growth reflects our sustained investment in innovation," Porat said. "Within Google, this relentless focus has led to innovations across our advertising platforms that have driven continued strong growth on a very large base while, at the same time, we’re building new businesses to serve as sources of future revenue growth." Other Bets reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million.Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures.The narrowing loss suggested Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat is instilling the kind of financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners."Everybody loves Ruth," he said. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier.Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. (bit.ly/2eWsu9Y)Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1 percent since the start of the year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Oct 28, 2016 03:15 IST Related News Tata Motors' independent directors give Chairman Mistry tacit nod | Reuters Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop | Reuters Wall St. flat; tech swoon counters gains for financials | Reuters Supermoon delights world's star gazers in full moon, eclipse combination | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE Australia Vs South Africa Live Score AUS vs SA | Nov 12th, 2016 Live Coverage AUS 145 5 52.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Demonetisation and Modinomics: Burning down a forest for a few black sheep is flawed Let Devotees Use Old Notes for Puja Expenses, Tirupati Temple Tells Govt - News18 India vs England: Haseeb Hameed’s Gujarat roots and the perfect loop of fate Modi in Ghazipur: PM's rally is to convince people that demonetisation is a good decision Coasting to cruising: 5 Tips to reach your financial goals - Moneycontrol Donald Trump and India: President-elect's hawkish views on China bode well for us Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA Live Now England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Tata Motors' independent directors give Chairman Mistry tacit nod | Reuters Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says | Reuters Trump in for a wake-up call when he takes office, Obama says | Reuters Dollar rallies alongside U.S. yields; bank stocks up | Reuters Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market What Google's CEO said will be one of the company's biggest investments going forward Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 5:43 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Alphabet CEO: Terrific global performance in Q3</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Jon Fortt reports highlights from Alphabet&#039;s earnings conference call.</p> Alphabet CEO: Terrific global performance in Q3    Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 4:54 PM ET | 00:57 Alphabet is stepping up its investment in Google Cloud, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said on the company's quarterly earnings conference call. "As we go into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment and headcount growth," said Pichai. Google Cloud encompasses the company's portfolio of products, technologies and services in the cloud. This includes cloud hosting facilities, data analytics tools and machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities. The company recently re-branded the division to better compete with cloud leaders Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Alphabet has been building partnerships to reach more cloud customers and offer them a variety of options, like combining on premise storage with cloud-based storage, said Pichai. Customers don't want to be locked into any specific cloud platform and the company is pursuing a hybrid strategy, he said. "Scaling up through partnerships is a big area focus and investment for us," he said. The company is hiring across sales, engineering and marketing and building a large cloud machine learning group to make machine learning available to all of Google's cloud customers, said Pichai. Alphabet reported quarterly earnings and revenue that beat expectations on Monday. Shares popped up 2 percent to $823 in after hours trading, but were last seen flat. The company posted third-quarter earnings per share of $9.06 on revenue of $22.45 billion. The technology giant had been expected to report fiscal third-quarter earnings of $8.63 a share on revenue of $22.05 billion, according to a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate. Alphabet is second only to Apple as the world's most valuable company. Here are all the numbers on Alphabet's earnings — CNBC's Anita Balakrishnan and Arjun Kharpal contributed to this report. email: tech@cnbc.com Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Posted 28 Oct 2016 04:10 Updated 28 Oct 2016 08:10 A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo A woman holds her smart phone, which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/Illustration/File Photo prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to US$5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to US$22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a US$7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a US$5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of US$9.06, beating expectations of US$8.63 a share on revenues of US$22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It’s showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there’s still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to US$19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp. Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of US$197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of US$865 million, down from a year-ago loss of US$980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   Google Unveils Jamboard Digital Collaboration Device       Google Unveils Jamboard Digital Collaboration Device     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2016-10-27 Print               Google added to its lineup a 55-inch digital whiteboard, which will start shipping in 2017 for under $6,000, the company said. Google this week broadened its range of hardware offerings with Jamboard, a new digital whiteboard product. The whiteboard—which features a 55-inch 4K touch-responsive display, integrated speakers, HD camera and WiFi—will be available for under $6,000 when it starts shipping sometime in 2017. Jamboard will allow users to collaborate on projects using data from Google's full suite of cloud applications and services.  For example, users can dial-in to participate in a whiteboard session using Google Hangouts and pull in work from applications like Docs, Sheets and Slides and collaborate on it with others. Similarly, they can grab images and content via Google search and bring it into a Jamboard session, Google project manager TJ Varghese announced in a post on the company's G-Suite Updates blog. "Jamboard raises the bar on collaborative creativity," Varghese said. It brings "the same real-time collaboration found in G Suite, combined with the best of the web, to your team's brainstorms and meetings." Jamboard gives users multiple ways to capture ideas and comment during a collaborative meeting via support for sticky notes, handwriting and shape recognition, and other similar tools. The touch-screen is designed to recognize when someone is using a stylus to write or sketch something and when someone might be using the eraser to wipe out content on the board. Like physical whiteboards, users will have the ability to erase work using their fingertips if they choose to do so. All work done on Jamboard is saved automatically to Google Drive so users can pick up right where they left off at any time and from anywhere. The idea is to ensure that people have a way to continue collaborating on something they started at any time. "Your brainstorm doesn't have to end when the meeting does," Varghese said. Users and teams can participate in a Jamboard session from anywhere, either via another Jamboard or even with their smartphones and tablets. According to Varghese, Google worked closely with G-Suite customers, such as Netflix, Spotify and Instrument, to determine and refine the hardware and software powering the whiteboard. Google has launched an Early Adopter program for enterprises interested in collaborating with the company on the final product details.  Those interested in checking their eligibility for the program can submit a form on Google's Jamboard website. Google will have competition when it starts shipping Jamboard.  Microsoft has a similar digital collaboration technology in Surface Hub. The product is available in two models—one has an 84-inch touch display with 4K-resolution, and the other has a 55-inch display. Like Jamboard, Microsoft's Surface Hub is designed for digital collaboration and allows users to share and collaborate on content from laptops, phones and tablets. Both of Microsoft's options in this space have higher price tags than Google's intended price. For instance, the 84-inch Surface Hub costs just under $22,000 while the 55-inch model retails for $9,000. Another similar offering is Sharp's Aquos interactive display family.           LATEST PC HARDWARE ARTICLES   New Microsoft Surface Books, Surface Dial Go on Sale Microsoft Nixes Xbox Streaming Stick AMD Targets Gaming, VR Content Creators With New Radeon Graphics Cards Microsoft Surface Devices Challenge Apple in Enterprise Strongholds Microsoft Woos MacBook Owners With Surface Trade-In Offer                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
null
Skip to main content Toggle navigation Dowser Windows Errors Fixes and Guides DLLs How to Disable Hardware Acceleration in Chrome (Guide) October 27, 2016 Lidia S. Fixes and Guides This guide will help you disable Hardware Acceleration in Chrome. Hardware Acceleration can be responsible for a variety of issues – including mouse lag. video and audio stutter and more. Google Chrome is a decent browser. However, it has its own issues that sometimes may prevent us from using it at its best. A recent problem that some users have been reporting is related to some mouse lagging and some sluggish performance whenever they try to click on a link or copy a text. Such a problem may not be a big deal, but surely can be frustrating to the point that you may prefer to switch to some other browser, just to get rid of the annoying lags. Luckily, if you are a keen Google Chrome user and you don’t want to give up on your default browser, there are some fixes you can try in order to eliminate this irritating issue. There are some fixes available online, however, they may not really have significant effect on improving your Chrome browser performance. That’s why in this guide we will offer you to try something different. In the next lines, our team will share with you a solution that we found to be working and we hope that it will work for you, too. From what we have tested, it appears that fixing the Chrome lagging problem can be tied to Hardware Acceleration, disabling Hardware Acceleration in Chrome can be a big boost to performance on some systems. After you follow the instructions below, your Google Chrome should be fast and responsive again and all the annoying mouse lagging and sluggish performance should be gone. So, give this solution a try and let us know if it works for you. Hardware Acceleration and Windows 7/10 Hardware acceleration allows your Windows 7 or Windows 10 OS to make a better use out of your graphics card in order to perform better and provide the user with more advanced graphical features. When it comes to your Chrome browser, during the time hardware acceleration is enabled, it would enable better video playback performance and will improve your experience within online applications such as google maps. This works the same Windows 7, 8, 8.1 and Windows 10. However, sometimes, this feature seems to be causing more harm than good, especially on systems that are not very powerful. It is no secret that Chrome is one of the most demanding browsers using considerable portions of the PC’s RAM. Therefore, having a feature that further increases the system resource consumption might sometimes be a little too much. Therefore, if you want to have the hardware acceleration disabled, use the following guide – it works the same for Windows 7,8 (8.1) and Windows 10. How to Disable Hardware Acceleration in Chrome The Guide Usually, the reasons for your problems with the Google Chrome’s performance can be many. That’s why there is not a universal fix for this and even the solution that we are offering here may not work for everyone. However, giving it a try will surely do no harm to your browser and you will only benefit if it works. Some users are reporting that the latency issues and mouse lags that they have been having were successfully solved when they turned the hardware acceleration off, so if you are experiencing some similar problems, it may be worth reading. Here is what you need to do: Step 1: Open your Google Chrome browser. Step 2: Next, seek for the icon with the three horizontal lines at the top-right of the window as shown in the picture. When you hover over it, it should say “Customize and control Google Chrome”. Click on that icon to open the menu. Step 3: Find the Settings option at the bottom of the menu and click on it. Step 4: In the Settings menu, scroll to the bottom of the page and click the “Show advanced settings” link. Step 5: Scroll down to the end of the page that appears and there you should find a box stating “Use hardware acceleration when available” Step 6: Remove the checkmark from the box beside it. This will turn off the hardware acceleration. Step 7: To make the changes take effect, you need to close Chrome and restart it. This fix should solve the issues with the lags in your favorite browser. However, if you are still experiencing some problems, it is best to contact Google Chrome’s support site for additional assistance. Was this guide helpful? Let us know what you think in the comments below. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Event ID 37: Тhe Speed of Processor in Group 0 is Being Limited (Fix) Microsoft’s Groove Music Maker – Apple’s GarageBand competitor? Top Posts & Pages Your pc ran into a problem and needs to restart Windows 10 - Fix Guide (October 2016 Update) .Thor File Virus Removal Best Fix: WiFi frequently disconnects (Windows 10 WiFi Sense) How to block Begalka.xyz Referral Spam in Google Analytics Cerber 4.1.5 Ransomware Removal and File Recovery Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Search for: sparkling Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Business Highlights By Associated Press Published: 17:35 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 17:35 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail ___ Twitter cuts staff, kills off Vine app amid pressure to grow NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter, seemingly unable to find a buyer and losing money, is cutting about 9 percent of its employees worldwide. It is also killing off Vine, a mobile video app where people share short video clips that play in a loop. While beloved by users, it never took off with the masses and has lost its luster as of late. Twitter has failed to keep pace with rivals Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram and in recent months, rumors abounded that it would be acquired. CEO Jack Dorsey on Thursday quickly brushed aside what he called "recent market speculation." ___ Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star for Google. The popularity of the service has shifted a bigger chunk of advertising budgets from traditional network television programming to the eclectic mix of clips found on YouTube. And that is making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. ___ Amazon misses 3Q profit forecasts SEATTLE (AP) — Amazon.com Inc. shares fell in after-market trading on Thursday after the online retailer reported third-quarter net income that missed analyst expectations. The company said net income tripled to $252 million, or 52 cents per share, from $79 million, or 17 cents per share, in the prior-year quarter. That missed analyst expectations of 85 cents per share, according to Zacks Investment Research. Revenue jumped 29 percent to $32.71 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Amazon has begun to balance spending with revenue more prudently and has reported a profit in each of the past five quarters. ___ Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh CUPERTINO, Calif. (AP) — Apple unveiled long-awaited updates to its Mac computers Thursday, aiming to spark consumer interest in a product line often overshadowed by its other gadgets like the iPad and iPhone. The company is adding a new touch-sensitive panel on the MacBook Pro, Apple's top-of-the-line laptop. The Pro will also come with a fingerprint sensor, similar to one in the iPhone, to unlock the device. It can recognize different users and offer quick switching based on the fingerprint. The new Macs will also offer a dedicated key for the Siri voice assistant, a feature added with the MacOS Sierra update last month. ___ US stock indexes slip further, but bond yields surge NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slipped for the third consecutive day Thursday as media and defense companies skidded. Bond yields climbed to their highest levels since May, which helped banks and hurt stocks that pay big dividends. Cable and TV companies and publishers sank, and industrial companies like Raytheon and L-3 Communications fell after reporting weak results. ___ Ford's 3Q profit falls on recall, truck launch DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) — Troubles in Ford Motor Co.'s home market — including slowing U.S. sales, a massive recall and the difficult launch of new heavy-duty pickups — are hurting the company's bottom line. Ford said Thursday its net income plunged 56 percent to $957 million in the third quarter. Its adjusted results beat market expectations but that didn't do much to offset concerns that Ford is headed for a rough patch. The company has already announced temporary plant shutdowns in North America this month to curb production, and plans more actions in the fourth quarter. ___ Aetna tops Street 3Q expectations, narrows 2016 forecast Aetna's third-quarter earnings rose nearly 8 percent to top Wall Street forecasts, as growing government business and cost cutting countered higher costs from the health insurer's Affordable Care Act coverage. But the nation's third-largest insurer narrowed its 2016 forecast just below analyst expectations heading into the year's final months, and its stock edged lower. Aetna's enrollment in government programs like Medicaid and Medicare grew 11 percent, to nearly 4.5 million people, and the insurer said Thursday that segment now contributes about half of its total health care premiums. ___ Altria to close 2 tobacco facilities affecting 580 workers RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Altria, the maker of Marlboro cigarettes, said Thursday that it will close manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania and Illinois by early 2018, affecting about 580 workers. The company said about 200 jobs in different states will be available for those workers, if they choose to transfer. Altria did not say how many workers it expects to lay off. Full-time workers that do not transfer will be given a minimum of six months of severance, in addition to benefits and free job training, a spokesman said. ___ UPS 3Q profit up 1 percent as US revenue increases DALLAS (AP) — UPS said Thursday that its third-quarter profit inched higher on growing revenue in the U.S. and a more profitable international delivery business. The package-delivery giant is heading into biggest test of the year, the holiday season. UPS expects to deliver more than 700 million packages between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, about 100 million more than last year. The third-quarter profit was roughly in line with Wall Street expectations but revenue beat the forecasts. ___ Average US 30-year mortgage rate eases to 3.47 percent WASHINGTON (AP) — Long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined this week, moving closer to historically low levels. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage eased to 3.47 percent from 3.52 percent last week. The benchmark rate is down from 3.76 percent a year ago and close to its all-time low of 3.31 percent in November 2012. The 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, popular with homeowners who are refinancing, ticked down to 2.78 percent from 2.79 percent. ___ American and Southwest raises base fares by $5 each way DALLAS (AP) — American and Southwest are raising fares by $5 each way, the latest move by airlines to reverse a price slump that has lasted nearly two years. American Airlines Group Inc. raised prices first and Southwest Airlines Co. followed suit on Thursday, according to J.P. Morgan Securities and FareCompare. Both airlines confirmed the price increase. Fares have been falling since airlines began adding flights and seats faster than the growth in travel demand. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average gave up 29.65 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,169.68. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 6.39 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,133.04. The Nasdaq composite sank 34.29 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,215.97. U.S. benchmark crude rose 54 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $49.72 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, added 49 cents, or 1 percent, to $50.47 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline remained at $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.57 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $2.76 per 1,000 cubic feet. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 86,003 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 65,125 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 29,157 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 26,173 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,969 Veteran journalist Gwen Ifill dead at 61 25,086 Dead rodent sewn into woman's new Zara dress: lawsuit Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Google can’t reach this dark, dangerous corner of the internet By Jennifer Hale, The Sun View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 27, 2016 | 5:34pm Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock Originally Published By: Related stories: Criminals are selling stolen identities on the dark web Cyber mercenaries selling shady services on ‘dark markets’ Sentencing begins in case against UK's worst paedophile Hidden internet allows would-be jihadists to buy fake passports Believe it or not, there are parts of the internet that Google can’t reach. The dark web is made up of websites hidden from search engines that can only be accessed using special software. The dark web is used by many people for different things but it’s infamously used by criminals to hide illegal activity online. So what exactly is the dark web, where did it come from and how does it work? What is the dark web? The internet is actually made up of three different layers: the surface web, the deep web, and the dark web. The top layer, the surface web, are web pages that show up using search engines such as Google – like The Sun’s website. The deep web are web pages that search engines can’t access and are therefore hidden, accessed via passwords and authorization. Any time you log into an account you’re accessing deep web content that won’t show up on a search engine. For example, work intranets, password-protected areas of online banking, and draft blog posts are all stored on the deep web. This means that if someone was to Google your name, your banking information or Amazon wishlist won’t show up in the results. The dark web is a network of untraceable online activity and websites on the internet. They cannot be found using search engines and to access them you need to use specific software, configurations or have authorization. They are used by lots of different people to keep their web activity hidden. Just like the forest, the dark web hides things well – it hides actions and it hides identities. Where did the dark web come from? The dark web was actually created by the US government to allow spies to exchange information completely anonymously. US military researchers developed the technology, known as Tor (The Onion Router) in the mid-1990s and released it into the public domain for everyone to use. The reason was so that they could stay anonymous – it would be harder to distinguish the government’s messages between spies if thousands of other people were using the same system for lots of different things. Tor now hosts roughly 30,000 hidden sites. It’s called The Onion Router because it uses the technique of onion routing – making websites anonymous through layers of encryption. Most websites are also hosted on the .onion domain. How does the dark web work? Photo: Shutterstock The best explanation so far has been published by Daniel Prince, Associate Director Security at Lancaster University, on The Conversation. Prince says: “So just for a minute imagine that the whole internet is a forest – a vast expanse of luscious green as far as the eye can see. And in the forest are well-worn paths – to get from A to B.” “Think of these paths as popular search engines – like Google – allowing you as the user the option to essentially see the wood from the trees and be connected. But away from these paths – and away from Google – the trees of the forest mask your vision.” “Off the paths, it is almost impossible to find anything – unless you know what you’re looking for – so it feels a bit like a treasure hunt. Because really the only way to find anything in this vast forest is to be told where to look.” “This is how the dark web works – and it is essentially the name given to all the hidden places on the internet.” “Just like the forest, the dark web hides things well – it hides actions and it hides identities. The dark web also prevents people from knowing who you are, what you are doing and where you are doing it.” Who uses the dark web and why? The dark web is used by all sorts of people for all sorts of reasons – but it’s not surprising that it’s used for illegal activity. A study by the University of Portsmouth in 2014 found that the most wanted type of content on Tor was child porn, followed by black markets for goods such as drugs, personal details, and even guns. Photo: Shutterstock This type of site is regularly busted by police, who compromise them by distributing viruses and malware to users. The dark web is also used for hiding online activity related to finance, extremism, arms, hacking, abuse and fraud. However, for others, the dark web has positive uses. For example, it can be used to avoid a national firewall, such as China, where users are normally blocked from accessing hidden sites. It can also be used as a tool for whistleblowing – infamous website WikiLeaks is hosted on the dark web, allowing whistleblowers to anonymously upload classified information to the press. Do police ever catch people using the dark web? Yes – although using the dark web makes it easier to evade detection, governments around the world are working to index, sort, and catalog the dark web as well as monitor it as much as they can. The UK government has a dedicated cybercrime unit to tackle the dark web with a focus on taking down serious crime rings and child porn. Just earlier this year police caught Richard Huckle ‘Britain’s worst-ever pedophile’ by secretly taking over a dark website dedicated to child abuse. The online network was made up of over 45,000 people who swapped sickening videos and images of children on a dark-web forum which was only accessible through a specially encrypted browser. Another takedown, called Operation Onymous, involved seventeen different countries, coordinated by Europol and the FBI, which revealed over 400 “hidden services.” The operation led to hundreds of pounds worth of Bitcoin being seized and 17 arrests – but only one person was identified and taken into custody. Who is Ross Ulbricht? One of Ross Ulbricht’s supporters stands outside a federal courthouse in Manhattan on the first day of his trial in 2015.Photo: Getty Images Ross Ulbricht was the man behind Silk Road, the internet’s biggest market for illegal drugs – which was hosted on the dark web. A courtroom sketch of Ross UlbrichtPhoto: AP Silk Road was reportedly worth $34.5 million and had nearly one million anonymous customers. On Silk Road, you could buy drugs, services (such as hacking into Facebook accounts), pirated content, fakes passports and more. You could even check the reviews and star ratings of each dealer left by other customers. Ulbricht was caught by the FBI in 2013, who shut down Silk Road and convicted him of money laundering, computer hacking, conspiracy to traffic fraudulent identity documents and conspiracy to traffic narcotics in February 2015. He was sentenced to life in prison. Ulbricht will also be tried for procuring murder – FBI indictments claimed he ordered two hitmen to kill people he thought would expose the identity of his clients. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on The Sun. Filed under cyber crime ,  cyber spying ,  hacking ,  ross ulbricht ,  silk road ,  spying ,  wikileaks Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Apple gives aging MacBook Pro a facelift Read Next Apple gives aging MacBook Pro a facelift Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 80,720 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 61,224 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 30,022 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Now On John Oliver Has A Complete Meltdown Over Trump Election Results SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Jobless claims drop, stay near a four-decade low The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it October 27 LABOR Jobless claims drop in a first in 3 weeks Filings for jobless benefits fell for the first time in three weeks, staying near a four-decade low as employers remain unwilling to part with workers. Jobless claims declined by 3,000 to 258,000 in the week ended Oct. 22, a Labor Department report showed Thursday in Washington. The median forecast in a Bloomberg News survey called for 256,000. Continuing claims dropped to the lowest level since June 2000. With the job market improving and the unemployment rate holding at or below 5 percent this year, fewer skilled candidates are available for openings, prompting managers to hold on to their staffers. Filings have been below 300,000 for 86 straight weeks — the longest streak since 1970 and a level typical for a healthy labor market. Estimates in the Bloomberg News survey ranged from 245,000 to 270,000. The Labor Department revised the prior week’s reading to 261,000 from an initially reported 260,000. The four-week average of claims, a less-volatile measure than the weekly figure, increased to 253,000 from 252,000 in the prior week. The number of people continuing to receive jobless benefits dropped by 15,000 to 2.04 million in the week ended Oct. 15. The unemployment rate among people eligible for benefits held at 1.5 percent. These data are reported with a one-week lag. No states had estimated claims last week, and there was nothing unusual in the data, according to the Labor Department. Though applications for unemployment insurance are near historical lows, there are other factors that have pushed claims down, including cuts in the duration of benefits and changes to claim-filing technology. — Bloomberg News TECHNOLOGY Google parent revenue rises by 20.2 percent Google parent Alphabet Inc. reported a 20.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search giant said it would repurchase about $7 billion of its Class C stock. Google’s ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google’s total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Google’s Other Revenue, which includes the company’s increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent. The company’s consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. — Reuters Also in Business ● Qualcomm Inc., the largest maker of mobile-phone chips, will acquire NXP Semiconductors in a transaction valued at $47 billion, aiming to speed an expansion into new industries and reduce its dependence on the smartphone market. San Diego-based Qualcomm agreed to pay $110 a share in cash for NXP, the biggest supplier of chips used in the automotive industry, the companies said Thursday. ● Troubles in Ford Motor Co.’s home market — including slowing U.S. sales, a massive recall and the difficult launch of new heavy-duty pickups — are hurting the company’s bottom line. Ford said Thursday its net income plunged 56 percent to $957 million in the third quarter. Ford’s overall revenue fell 6 percent to $35.9 billion. Automotive revenue was $33.3 billion. Worldwide sales fell 4 percent to 1.5 million vehicles. ● Korean carmakers Hyundai Motor Co. and affiliate Kia Motors Corp. will pay $41.2 million to resolve an investigation by 33 U.S. states, including Virginia, over their 2012 mileage restatements, state attorneys general said on Thursday. Hyundai said it agreed to settle state consumer protection claims but didn’t admit to violating any laws. The fine covers “investigative costs” incurred by the attorneys general, Hyundai said. Virginia Attorney General Mark R. Herring said the state will receive $1,181.999.07 as part of the settlement. ● Aetna’s third-quarter earnings rose nearly 8 percent, as growing government business and cost cutting countered higher costs from the health insurer’s Affordable Care Act coverage. But the nation’s third-largest insurer narrowed its 2016 forecast just below analyst expectations heading into the year’s final months. Aetna earned $603.9 million in the three months that ended Sept. 30, up from the $560.1 million last year. ● United Parcel Service Inc. on Thursday said it expects another record-breaking holiday delivery season this year but warned that a pension charge could hit fourth-quarter results. The world’s largest package delivery company said revenue rose across all of its services in the quarter, led by its key U.S. domestic package business. UPS reported third-quarter net income of $1.27 billion or $1.44 per share, up from $1.26 billion or $1.39 per share a year earlier. UPS posted revenue of $14.9 billion, vs. $14.2 billion in the same period last year. — From news services Coming Today ● 8:30 a.m.: Commerce Department releases third-quarter gross domestic product ● 8:30 a.m.: Labor Department releases the third-quarter employment cost index ● Earnings: Exxon Mobil — From news services business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 What Donald Trump’s deportation plans would do to American businesses 2 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 3 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 4 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 5 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more Market Watch DJIA 0.03% NASDAQ -0.44% Get quote Last Update: 3:44 PM 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures By John Hoff - October 27, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Will fingerprint swiping and gestures be the next big thing? We don’t know for sure. But Google took a chance with it on the Google Pixel smartphones. And now it seems like Samsung will be having this technology in their phones soon, probably on the Samsung Galaxy S8 if all things go right. The Korean giant just applied for a patent which gives users control of the device interface via swipes on the fingerprint sensor. The patent application was published in Korea yesterday, and it looks to be a way to unlock your smartphone device via the fingerprint sensor to go directly to an app or function. The diagram is shown below, and it clearly shows fingerprint gestures. There are four possible directions you can swipe, and the gestures can either go to a specific function dictated by the operating system. Ideally, we would rather that the apps that you can go to from here can be assigned by the users. The question really is if we are getting this feature at the soonest possible time, maybe on the anticipated Samsung Galaxy S8. If so, we might be seeing this feature around February when the new flagship is expected to launch, possibly at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. SOURCE: GalaxyClub.nl Story Timeline Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 with S Pen available soon in the US Renders of the 2017 Samsung Galaxy A5 leaked, looks like the Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 7 brings down Samsung's operating profit by 30% TAGS Android fingerprint patent Samsung Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE 3 Smart Ways to Disrupt Business as Usual If it's not broke, break it. By Terence Mauri Terence Mauri is on a mission to spread entrepreneurship--the spirit, the mindset and the ideas that rewrite how business is done. He serves as an Entrepreneur Mentor helping thinkers and doers build the future, and speaks about the practice of innovation and disruption around the world. Terence is the author of "The Leader’s Mindset: How To Win In The Age of Disruption". @terencemauri Author, "The Leader’s Mindset: How To Win In The Age of Disruption"@terencemauri WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Advertisement I recently heard a former executive of Google speak passionately about how to disrupt business as usual by being a moonshot thinker. The take home message is we've entered a new age where the speed of change today is the slowest it will be in our lifetime. Think about that insight for a moment. For many of you, that reality will send a jolt of excitement and even fear through your nervous system. Now more than ever you need to use brains, guts and an action oriented mindset called moonshot thinking, which means 10[x], not 10% change. The twin forces of cloud computing and mobile connectivity will create massive yet hard-to-predict opportunities where there will be winners and losers. Here are three smart ways to stay ahead of the curve so you don't become a footnote in history. 1. Set a Moonshot Goal. Astro Teller is a British entrepreneur, scientist, and thinker who is widely credited as one of the pioneers 10[x], not 10% change. He heads up 'X', a futuristic lab responsible for hyper-ambitious projects such as Google Glass, Project Loon, a balloon-powered Wi-Fi network, and the infamous Google self-driving car. According to legend, his business card describes him as "Captain of Moon Shots". A moonshot goal stops you from thinking too small and in incremental ways. Let's face it, most companies focus on 10% improvements rather than thinking what others aren't thinking and doing what others aren't doing. Imagine that you have a process that takes 10 days to complete. A 10% improvement might save a day of time at best. A moonshot goal, on the other hand, forces you to think 10[x] bigger so that weirdly and counter-intuitively you approach the problem more creatively. Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are chief-moonshot-officers pushing their teams to think bigger and bolder about the future with 10[x] projects such as Space X and Amazon Prime Air. 2. Throw Out The Rulebook On Change. Moonshot thinking demands you to rethink assumptions about what is possible. Even if you achieve only 60 percent of a 10[x] goal, you will have grown your team and your business, and probably learned some important things about yourself along the way. Moonshot thinking is central to a disruptor's mindset and is about you to breaking out of those little boxes that you get trapped in. It's about reimagining the future and asking if you started again today what would be different? We often associate 10[x] just with new ideas but it's possible to apply it to anything in your company, from improving culture to how you scale more rapidly. I've reached the conclusion that you can 10[x] any part of your role and business when you choose moonshot thinking. For example, now I don't limit myself to just one mentor. I have multiple mentors. 3. Be a Courage Pioneer. What is it that enables people to persevere through seemingly insurmountable obstacles? Make a list of business people you admire and who have made a difference in the world. They could be living or dead. The chances are they all have one outstanding quality in common: they are courage pioneers. Adversity is a natural part of the entrepreneur's journey. At the core of moonshot thinking is an attitude, rooted in an ancient Nordic belief system called sisu. Sisu refers to "extraordinary determination, courage and resoluteness in the face of extreme stress or adversity." Every moonshot thinker from Steve Jobs at Apple to Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook overcame personal battles and yet they did not give up. At some point you will all open the door and face your own Mount Everest. It could be finding the strength to tackle a failure or bouncing back from a personal tragedy or setback. Sisu is about embracing change and looking at failure not as the opposite of success, but as a stepping stone to success. Summary. Moonshot thinkers shake up the status quo, deal with failure, and make tough decisions fast. To thrive in the future, you will have to find the guts to change your business model two or even three times in order to remain viable. The bad news is that you're probably not going to learn this at business school. As one entrepreneur said to me recently "if it's not broke, break it." What projects could you 10[x]? The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Oct 27, 2016 Advertisement
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News British data prompts global bond sell-off; Wall Street falls Amazon forecast for holiday seasons disappoints as investment rises Business Standard Alphabet posts strong revenue on mobile, video; sets buyback Reuters  October 28, 2016 Last Updated at 02:41 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIWvlh Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Alphabet posts strong revenue on video market, stock surges Comcast posts higher third-quarter revenue, adds video customers Alphabet revenue beats Wall Street view, shares rise Alphabet's quarterly revenue rises 20.2 percent By Narottam Medhora and Julia Love (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc reported a 20.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc , dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. "They are just one of the best positioned companies for the future of the internet," Rice said. Google's ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Rice said. "Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up," he said. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 percent of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent after rising 33 percent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and IBM Corp . Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures. The narrowing loss suggested Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat is instilling the kind of financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eWsu9Y) Excluding one-time items, Alphabet earned $9.06 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $8.63 per share on revenue of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1 percent since the start of the year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Alphabet Posts Strong Revenue On Mobile | Video; Sets Buyback | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Alphabet posts strong revenue on mobile, video; sets buyback (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc reported a 20.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. By Narottam Medhora and Julia Love (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc reported a 20.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc , dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. "They are just one of the best positioned companies for the future of the internet," Rice said. Google's ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Rice said. "Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up," he said. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 percent of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent after rising 33 percent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and IBM Corp . Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures. The narrowing loss suggested Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat is instilling the kind of financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eWsu9Y) Excluding one-time items, Alphabet earned $9.06 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $8.63 per share on revenue of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1 percent since the start of the year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Alphabet posts strong revenue on mobile, video; sets buyback By Narottam Medhora and Julia Love (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc reported a 20.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc , dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. "They are just one of the best positioned companies for the future of the internet," Rice said. Google's ad revenue rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8 percent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period after dropping 7 percent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 percent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Rice said. "Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up," he said. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 percent of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 percent after rising 33 percent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and IBM Corp . Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures. The narrowing loss suggested Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat is instilling the kind of financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. (http://bit.ly/2eWsu9Y) Excluding one-time items, Alphabet earned $9.06 per share. Analysts had expected earnings of $8.63 per share on revenue of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1 percent since the start of the year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > SEO-Related FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! ProtonMail Claims Google Suppressed Site in Search Results GO Company says EU is right to charge Google of monopoly Oct 27, 2016 21:20 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  ProtonMail, the world's biggest provider of encrypted email services, accused Google today of suppressing its site from appearing in search results for terms such as "secure email" or "encrypted email." The company says that between October 2015 and August 2016, Google removed its site from search results for those terms, for which ProtonMail says it constantly ranked on the first or second page. ProtonMail says that its service continued to rank as one of the top results in other search engines, but it was nonexistent in Google's eyes. It took Google 10 months to answer ProtonMail The company said Google ignored its inquiries on the matter for months, and only after it asked its Twitter followers for help did a Google engineer intervene and ProtonMail started showing up in search results. Google only said it "fixed something." Andy Yen, ProtonMail co-founder, doesn't believe Google's explanation. In a blog post published yesterday, Yen focuses on a conflict of interests, with Google, and more specifically Gmail, benefiting from ProtonMail's absence from search results. ProtonMail co-founder suspects intentional sabotage He also points out that around the same time his site disappeared from Google search results, the EU had started an anti-trust investigation into Google's search monopoly and its practice of lowering the search rankings for competitors of various Google services. "Google directly caused ProtonMail’s growth rate worldwide to be reduced by over 25% for over 10 months," Yen says. "This meant that ProtonMail’s income from users was also cut by 25%, putting financial pressure on our operations." "We went from being able to cover all our monthly expenses to having to draw from our emergency reserve fund," Yen also adds. "The lost income and financial damage incurred as a result was several hundred thousand Swiss Francs (1 CHF = 1.01 USD), which will never be reimbursed." Yen says that only the service's reputation and excellent service had helped it stay afloat, with users recommending ProtonMail to one another using word of mouth. "Many other companies won’t be so fortunate," Yen writes. "This episode illustrates that Search Risk is serious, which is why we now agree with the European Commission that given Google’s dominant position in search, more transparency and oversight is critical." A request for comment was sent to Google. The article will be updated with the company's statement on this incident if provided. ProtonMail ranking in Google search results   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #ProtonMail#SEO#search engine rankings#secure email#Google subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news People Sue Nonexistent Individuals to Trick Google into Censoring Search Results Hacked WordPress Core File Leveraged for Hijacking a Site's Web Traffic Top US Universities Hacked and Injected with SEO Spam Google Adds SEO Spam Notifications to Google Analytics Dashboard OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac darktable 2.2 to Be a Major Release with RAW Overexposure Indication, New Tools Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2 2 photos    ProtonMail interface Related Apps OutlookStatView: Small-sized and portable tool that displays general statistics of your Outlook emails, featuring many useful configuration settings IMVU: Accessible and useful communication application that enables you to create 3D animated characters and chat with all your friends MP4 Downloader: A lightweight and efficient software solution that allows you to download videos from popular websites, convert them to several formats and play them on portable devices ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later ProgDVB: Enables you to watch a long list of TV channels from around the world, add them to Favorites, adjust feed appearance, and comes with support for multiple devices Outlook4Gmail: Synchronize your Outlook and Gmail accounts by transferring all the important data like contacts and calendar events between them Firefox: A reliable and fast Internet browser that provides virus, popup and spyware protection in a simple and easy-to-use tabbed interface Reader comments Load old comments   President-Elect Donald Trump Says He’ll No Longer Go Bananas Online more on: Donald Trump i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Google parent Alphabet reports 20% rise in quarterly revenue Sales of advertising on mobile and YouTube boost takings Thu, Oct 27, 2016, 22:02 Updated: Thu, Oct 27, 2016, 22:04 Alphabet, Google’s parent company, along with Facebook , dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market.         Google parent Alphabet reported a 20.2 per cent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search company authorised a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook, dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world’s number two company by market value, were up 1.6 per cent in after-hours trading. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company’s recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. “They are just one of the best-positioned companies for the future of the internet,” Mr Rice said. Profits nosedive at ‘Farmville’ creator Zynga’s Irish subsidiary How to . . . fix Apple’s iOS 10’s annoying features Irish start-ups give thumbs up to Lisbon Web Summit Google’s advertising revenue rose 18.1 per cent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 per cent of Google’s total revenue, compared with 89.8 per cent of revenue in the second quarter. Cost-per-click Paid clicks rose 33 per cent, compared with a rise of 29 per cent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 per cent in the latest period after dropping 7 per cent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 per cent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Investors are willing to forgive the falling cost-per-click for now as it suggests strong mobile growth, Mr Rice said. Revenue “Over the last few quarters it seems investors have worried less about that as long as paid clicks are also going up,” he said. ADVERTISEMENT Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 per cent of the global market. Google’s Other Revenue, which includes the company’s increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 per cent after rising 33 per cent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon. com , Microsoft and IBM. Reuters       Topics: Amazon Facebook Google IBM Microsoft YouTube Read More This week we’re talking about . . . the Web Summit Zuckerberg rejects claims fake Facebook news affected US election Cybercrime: one expert says Ireland may be a soft target Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 00:01 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 2 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 3 Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain 4 What does Brexit mean for Irish manufacturers’ domestic sales? 5 Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US 6 Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 7 Five things we’re watching at Web Summit in Lisbon 8 Irish shoppers should rise up over UK retailers’ levy 9 Farewell Mary Mulvihill, great champion of Irish science 10 Dublin’s Silicon Docks: Is it a victim of its own success? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Voice search, Bing Ads & scary SEO Barry Schwartz on October 27, 2016 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: It’s scary how many ways SEO can go wrong Oct 27, 2016 by Patrick Stox In search engine optimization, sometimes even small errors can have a large and costly impact. Columnist Patrick Stox shares his SEO horror stories so that you can be spared this fate. A Penguin’s Tale: Responding to the latest update Oct 27, 2016 by Dave Davies What should SEOs do to make the best of the new Penguin update? Perhaps not much. Columnist Dave Davies notes that while Penguin 4.0 was indeed significant, things ultimately haven’t changed that much. Now you can share budgets in Bing Ads, too Oct 27, 2016 by Ginny Marvin Assign one budget across a set of campaigns to save time monitoring and adjusting allocations. Comparing Google Assistant on Pixel to Apple Siri on iPhone 7 Oct 27, 2016 by Barry Schwartz Watch YouTube creator Marques Brownlee have Google and Apple battle it out over their smartphone voice assistants. 5 marketing predictions for the next 5 years Oct 26, 2016 by Digital Marketing Depot The marketing world continues to evolve rapidly, often without warning. So it’s vital to constantly evaluate the industry and marketplace in order to stay current and competitive when changes happen, or risk being left behind. This guide from Emarsys highlights five of the biggest trends marketers and retailers should expect to see, and how they […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: What advertisers should know from Twitter’s Q3 2016 earnings call Study: 83 percent use smartphones in stores, Facebook the most widely used app Does your marketing suffer from memory loss when customers switch devices? Pull live inventory data from your product database and place it in your search ad copy Brand X: Why customer experience is a cloud marketing must-have Google’s virtual game changer: Leveraging 360 VR video & image optimization for SEO Twitter will shut down its 6-second video service, Vine Getty Images’ PicScout boosts its image recognition and tracking tools IBM rolls out many new roles for its Watson supercomputing service YouTube’s new End Screens designed to keep viewers tuned-in on mobile & desktop How to get budget for your account-based marketing programs Q4 must-knows for CMOs: Crucial developments across channels From the Editor’s Desk: How we work with outside contributors Want to speak at MarTech 2017? Here’s how Twitter to cut workforce by 350 employees to refocus efforts 4 chatbots to help you analyze ad campaigns right in Slack, Facebook Messenger & Google Sheets Twitter’s Q3 2016 Earnings Report in 5 Charts Adobe predicts 2016 online holiday sales to reach $91.6B, an 11% YoY increase Marketing Automation Matrix: A visual buyer’s guide Search News From Around The Web: Industry Meet the new Google Home app (previously the Google Cast app), blog.google Search Risk – How Google Almost Killed ProtonMail, ProtonMail Blog Yandex Announces Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results (NASDAQ:YNDX), Yandex Local & Maps Google Maps Tests Showing Local Names Of Businesses, Search Engine Roundtable Google My Business Now Allows Attribute Management, Search Engine Roundtable Schiaparelli’s resting place and other Mars residents, Google Earth Blog Link Building Google Says Image Links & Text Links Are Pretty Different, Search Engine Roundtable Searching Answer: How healthy is the Mediterranean?, SearchReSearch Google Adds New HTML5 Effects to Search Box in Search Results, thesempost.com Mozcast: 40% Of Google’s Top Search Results Are HTTPS Now, Search Engine Roundtable SEO SEO Horror Stories to Scare You This Halloween, Search Engine Journal Site speed for SEO: Why it’s about more than just loading times, Econsultancy Staying Local: Four Ways to Keeping Your SEO Strategies Localised, PerformanceIN SEM / Paid Search Happy Valentines Day, Canada! Google Shopping CA Requires GTINs, Feedonomics Search Marketing Why Have Seller Ratings Disappeared from your Ads?, vertical-leap.uk About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad YouTube takes centre stage as Google parent Alphabet reveals it made $5.1 BILLION in just three months - despite its 'moonshot' lab losing $865 million Comes as Google preparing YouTube 'cord cutter' streaming TV package Quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion Figures boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue  Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades  By Associated Press Published: 16:51 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 17:52 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 20 shares 15 View comments Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. YouTube emerged as the  break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. Total revenue in the recently ended quarter was $22.5 billion, up from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Scroll down for video  Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. ALPHABET'S MOONSHOTS  YouTube is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons.  That segment, known as 'Other Bets,' lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures.  As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers.  It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons.  That segment, known as 'Other Bets,' lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon's shares slump as retailer giant misses quarterly... Get ready for Campbell's SUPER soup: Firm invests in DNA... Apple kills off the function keys and takes aim at cable... Cannabis could enhance your night vision: Study finds it... Share this article Share 20 shares YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago.  At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion.  It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. ALPHABET'S  SHARE PRICE BOOSTED BY EARNINGS Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures.  As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous.   FindTheCompany | Graphiq Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as 'PewDiePie' (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content.  YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S.  YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old — the 'millennial' generation — than any cable network.  That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google parent Alphabet reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue.  Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year.  The growth makes YouTube 'one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today,' Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week.  Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. FILE - This Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo shows the YouTube music app on a mobile phone, in Los Angeles. A decade after Google bought the video site YouTube amid widespread skepticism, YouTube is playing a increasingly important role in the internet company¿s current success and future ambitions. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel, File) The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal.  Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called 'Unplugged' that will debut on YouTube next year.  Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. 'The dam appears to be finally cracking' for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. Share or comment on this article e-mail 20 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Alphabet beats Q3 expectations Losses in Alphabet's Other Bets category, which includes brands such as Nest and Fiber, continue to increase. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | October 27, 2016 -- 20:20 GMT (13:20 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Google parent company Alphabet posted better-than-expected Q3 results Thursday after the bell. As usual, there are a lot of numbers to look at in Alphabet's earnings report. The tech giant reported a net income of $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per share. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft to replace security bulletin index with database-driven portal High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione If you want a MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas Researchers claim quantum computing breakthrough, explain it using beer Non-GAAP earnings were $9.06 per share on a revenue of $22.45 billion, up 20 percent year-over-year, when including traffic acquisition costs (TAC). Wall Street was looking for Q3 earnings of $8.64 per share with $22 billion in revenue. Net revenue excluding TAC was expected to be at least $17.9 billion. Alphabet delivered above target with $18.27 billion in revenue excluding TAC. Google revenues, which include more of the enterprise cloud, software and data management products, attributed most of Q3 sales with $22.3 billion in revenue, up from $21.32 billion the previous quarter. In the Other Bets category, which is made up primarily of Nest and Fiber, as well as Alphabet's healthcare-driven initiatives and other speculative projects or 'moonshots,' Alphabet posted revenue of $197 million over the quarter, with operating losses reaching $865 million. Last quarter, losses in this category totaled $859 million. Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat noted on the conference call how the company tries to look at Other Bets over the long term, as most of the initiatives are early stages and that the revenue "provides only partial insight regarding our progress." "We are building out these businesses systematically and thoughtfully," she said. Porat also said Google Cloud is "generating substantial revenue growth reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business as well as the enormous opportunity in this area." Google's cost-per-click, which is how much it makes off each advertising click, decreased 6 percent year-over-year., which is more than expected. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, Wall Street is expecting non-GAAP earnings of $9.68 per share with $24.8 billion in revenue. Alphabet's shares were up nearly two percent in late trading. More Tech Earnings Nvidia crushes Q3 earnings, shares soar Symantec reports solid Q2, Cornerstone, Arista, Hortonworks also report Twilio tops Q3 earnings targets, losses widen Fitbit shares tumble on mixed Q3 results, grim holiday season outlook Facebook handily tops Q3 earnings targets, active users up 17 percent Qualcomm posts strong Q4 results Alibaba Cloud Q2 revenue up 130 percent as it adds customers, pares losses Tableau misses Q3 revenue expectations Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Apple considering smart glasses as it looks to push wearables: Report Mobility Apple Pay now supports donations to select nonprofits Google Google Play Music updated with new look, smart playlists Mobility 10 reasons the BlackBerry DTEK60 is good for business × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 Nov. 8 Election Results Erica Parsons Keith Scott WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Forecast Video Hour by Hour Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football March Madness Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 1 Live Breaking News 2 465970643 Steves Coats Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More Contact Us About Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS Medical examiner releases official autopsy report for Keith Scott 1/1 Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success by: MICHAEL LIEDTKE, AP Technology Writer Updated: Oct 27, 2016 - 6:24 PM Twtter SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - YouTube has emerged as a break-out star in Google's cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. The trend is contributing to an advertising shift away from traditional network television programming to the more eclectic and diversified mix of clips ranging from cute cat videos to sobering shots of street violence found on YouTube. As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it's making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google's corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks' shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers. It also is helping to finance Alphabet's investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons. That segment, known as "Other Bets," lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. SMART DEAL YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago. At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion. It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as "PewDiePie" (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content. YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube's audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S. YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old - the "millennial" generation - than any cable network. That segment of YouTube's audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google CEO Sundar Pichai likened YouTube to prime-time TV "for the mobile world" in a Thursday conference call that was streamed on YouTube. He told analysts that YouTube "continues to shine" as more major advertisers promote their brands on the site. Alphabet doesn't disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube's annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year. The growth makes YouTube "one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today," Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week. STILL LACKING Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer's attention, such as Facebook's Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal. Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called "Unplugged" that will debut on YouTube next year. Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. Google cited YouTube licensing rights as one of the reasons that its costs to generate revenue, excluding ad commissions, rose by $1 billion, or 30 percent, from last year. "The dam appears to be finally cracking" for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google's success House swears in 3 new members, more coming soon County autopsy: Man killed by police shot in back, abdomen SEC Chair White leaving at end of Obama administration Denver man freed after 28 years in prison acquitted of rape News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Charlotte Coupons About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Alphabet Says Revenue up 20.2%, Sets $7B Share Buyback ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More (Reuters) Alphabet Says Revenue up 20.2%, Sets $7B Share Buyback Published October 27, 2016 Earnings Reuters Facebook Twitter Comments Print Google parent Alphabet Inc reported a 20.2% rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search giant said it would repurchase about $7 billion of its Class C stock. Continue Reading Below Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc, dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6% in after-hours trading. Google's ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1% of Google's total revenue, compared with 89.8% of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33%, compared with a rise of 29% in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11% in the latest period after dropping 7% in the second quarter. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9%, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88 billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9% of the global market. Google's Other Revenue, which includes the company's increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8% after rising 33% in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc, Microsoft Corp and IBM Corp. Alphabet's Other Bets generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141 million and the loss was $980 million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fiber, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company's research facility that works on "moon shot" ventures. The company's consolidated revenue rose to $22.45 billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68 billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98 billion, or $5.73 per share, a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, Alphabet earned $9.06 per share. Up to Thursday's close of $817.35, Alphabet's shares had risen 5.1% since the start of the year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr and Savio D'Souza) What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Alphabet Investors is for Google As Sergey and I wrote in the original founders letter 11 years ago, “Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to become one.” As part of that, we also said that you could expect us to make “smaller bets in areas that might seem very speculative or even strange when compared to our current businesses.” From the start, we’ve always strived to do more, and to do important and meaningful things with the resources we have. more We did a lot of things that seemed crazy at the time. Many of those crazy things now have over a billion users, like Google Maps, YouTube, Chrome, and Android. And we haven’t stopped there. We are still trying to do things other people think are crazy but we are super excited about. We’ve long believed that over time companies tend to get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes. But in the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need to be a bit uncomfortable to stay relevant. Our company is operating well today, but we think we can make it cleaner and more accountable. So we are creating a new company, called Alphabet. I am really excited to be running Alphabet as CEO with help from my capable partner, Sergey, as President. What is Alphabet? Alphabet is mostly a collection of companies. The largest of which, of course, is Google. This newer Google is a bit slimmed down, with the companies that are pretty far afield of our main internet products contained in Alphabet instead. What do we mean by far afield? Good examples are our health efforts: Life Sciences (that works on the glucose-sensing contact lens), and Calico (focused on longevity). Fundamentally, we believe this allows us more management scale, as we can run things independently that aren’t very related. Alphabet is about businesses prospering through strong leaders and independence. In general, our model is to have a strong CEO who runs each business, with Sergey and me in service to them as needed. We will rigorously handle capital allocation and work to make sure each business is executing well. We’ll also make sure we have a great CEO for each business, and we’ll determine their compensation. In addition, with this new structure we plan to implement segment reporting for our Q4 results, where Google financials will be provided separately than those for the rest of Alphabet businesses as a whole. This new structure will allow us to keep tremendous focus on the extraordinary opportunities we have inside of Google. A key part of this is Sundar Pichai. Sundar has been saying the things I would have said (and sometimes better!) for quite some time now, and I’ve been tremendously enjoying our work together. He has really stepped up since October of last year, when he took on product and engineering responsibility for our internet businesses. Sergey and I have been super excited about his progress and dedication to the company. And it is clear to us and our board that it is time for Sundar to be CEO of Google. I feel very fortunate to have someone as talented as he is to run the slightly slimmed down Google and this frees up time for me to continue to scale our aspirations. I have been spending quite a bit of time with Sundar, helping him and the company in any way I can, and I will of course continue to do that. Google itself is also making all sorts of new products, and I know Sundar will always be focused on innovation—continuing to stretch boundaries. I know he deeply cares that we can continue to make big strides on our core mission to organize the world’s information. Recent launches like Google Photos and Google Now using machine learning are amazing progress. Google also has some services that are run with their own identity, like YouTube. Susan is doing a great job as CEO, running a strong brand and driving incredible growth. Sergey and I are seriously in the business of starting new things. Alphabet will also include our X lab, which incubates new efforts like Wing, our drone delivery effort. We are also stoked about growing our investment arms, Ventures and Capital, as part of this new structure. Alphabet Inc. will replace Google Inc. as the publicly-traded entity and all shares of Google will automatically convert into the same number of shares of Alphabet, with all of the same rights. Google will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Our two classes of shares will continue to trade on Nasdaq as GOOGL and GOOG. For Sergey and me this is a very exciting new chapter in the life of Google—the birth of Alphabet. We liked the name Alphabet because it means a collection of letters that represent language, one of humanity’s most important innovations, and is the core of how we index with Google search! We also like that it means alpha‑bet (Alpha is investment return above benchmark), which we strive for! I should add that we are not intending for this to be a big consumer brand with related products—the whole point is that Alphabet companies should have independence and develop their own brands. We are excited about… Getting more ambitious things done. Taking the long-term view. Empowering great entrepreneurs and companies to flourish. Investing at the scale of the opportunities and resources we see. Improving the transparency and oversight of what we’re doing. Making Google even better through greater focus. And hopefully… as a result of all this, improving the lives of as many people as we can. What could be better? No wonder we are excited to get to work with everyone in the Alphabet family. Don’t worry, we’re still getting used to the name too!
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Economic News | Fri Oct 28, 2016 | 5:35am IST Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads A Google search page is reflected in sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo By Julia Love and Narottam Medhora Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to $5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to $22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a $5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc (FB.O) for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06, beating expectations of $8.63 a share on revenues of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It’s showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there’s still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O). Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of $865 million, down from a year-ago loss of $980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) Next In Economic News As BOJ wanes, Japan sees fiscal stimulus as likely next step TOKYO Japanese policymakers are starting to see fiscal stimulus as the most likely next step to spark economic growth given the central bank's dwindling monetary ammunition and uncertainty over the agenda of U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ's Kuroda warns of risks TOKYO/NAGOYA, Japan Japan's economic growth handily beat expectations in the July-September period, expanding for a third straight quarter as exports recovered, but weak domestic activity cast doubt on hopes for a sustainable economic recovery. India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger MUMBAI/NEW DELHI India's government increased the limit on cash withdrawals from bank accounts on Sunday to calm public anger as millions of people clamored for new rupee bills after a shock abolishment of large denomination notes. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 61° Share Rising star: YouTube playing key role in Google’s success By Michael Liedtke / Associated Press Published: Thursday, October 27th, 2016 at 3:00pm Updated: Thursday, October 27th, 2016 at 4:25pm FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........SAN FRANCISCO — YouTube has emerged as a break-out star in Google’s cast of services as the online video site upstages cable television for a younger generation of viewers looking for amusement, news and music on their smartphones. The trend is contributing to an advertising shift away from traditional network television programming to the more eclectic and diversified mix of clips ranging from cute cat videos to sobering shots of street violence found on YouTube. As more advertising dollars flow to YouTube, it’s making the already hugely profitable Google even more prosperous. In a third-quarter report released Thursday, Google’s corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., said it earned $5.1 billion, or $7.25 per share, a 27 percent increase from the same time last year. After subtracting advertising commissions, revenue climbed 21 percent to $18.3 billion. Both figures topped analyst projections. All that money is providing Google with more financial firepower to buy the rights to stream cable networks’ shows on YouTube, too, something likely to reel in even more viewers. It also is helping to finance Alphabet’s investments in far-flung projects ranging from self-driving cars to internet-beaming balloons. That segment, known as “Other Bets,” lost $865 million during the July-September period, narrowing from a $980 million setback last year as Alphabet imposed more expense controls. Advertisement Continue reading SMART DEAL YouTube already has proven to be one of the best bets that Google has ever made since it bought the video site for $1.76 billion a decade ago. At that juncture, YouTube consisted mostly of crudely made videos shot by amateurs and clips pirated from movie and TV studios that were threatening to sue the site into oblivion. It had built a worldwide audience of about 72 million viewers when Google took control in November 2006. Since then, YouTube has evolved into a far more polished channel that has spawned unlikely stars such as “PewDiePie” (Swedish comedian Felix Arvid Ulf Kjellberg) while largely making peace with studios by creating an automated screening system that detects pirated content. YouTube says it has paid more than $2 billion to studios that have chosen to leave their material on the site and share in the ad revenue generated by their clips. Meanwhile, YouTube’s audience has surpassed 1 billion, with 80 percent of the viewers outside the U.S. YouTube also boasts that its site reaches more people between the ages of 18 and 34 years old — the “millennial” generation — than any cable network. That segment of YouTube’s audience is a major reason why more than half its video clips are watched on mobile devices. Google CEO Sundar Pichai likened YouTube to prime-time TV “for the mobile world” in a Thursday conference call that was streamed on YouTube. He told analysts that YouTube “continues to shine” as more major advertisers promote their brands on the site. Alphabet doesn’t disclose how much money YouTube is making, but RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney estimates YouTube’s annual revenue has now reached $10 billion and is increasing by as much as 40 percent a year. The growth makes YouTube “one of the strongest assets fundamentally on the internet today,” Mahaney wrote in a research note earlier this week. STILL LACKING Despite its progress, YouTube has been slow in realizing its full potential, leaving it vulnerable to new challengers for viewer’s attention, such as Facebook’s Live video feature, says Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson. The problem, as Olson sees it, is that YouTube has had trouble persuading TV and movie studios to license more of their content on their site, something that that might have made YouTube as dominant in video as Google is in search. But YouTube could be on a major breakthrough, according to a report published earlier this month in The Wall Street Journal. Citing unidentified people familiar with the matter, the newspaper said Google had reached an agreement with CBS to include its network in a cable-like service called “Unplugged” that will debut on YouTube next year. Google is also negotiating for the rights to the Fox network, ESPN and NBC, among others, the Journal said. Google cited YouTube licensing rights as one of the reasons that its costs to generate revenue, excluding ad commissions, rose by $1 billion, or 30 percent, from last year. “The dam appears to be finally cracking” for even better content to come to YouTube, Olson said. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Technology Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |

Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Marketing Land After backlash Facebook puts limits on "ethnic affinity" ad targeting options New Features No clone: Instagram Stories get links, mentions & more Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Google parent Alphabet’s Q3 beats expectations with $22.5 billion in revenue Mobile search continued to be the primary driver of revenue growth. Greg Sterling on October 27, 2016 at 4:32 pm More This afternoon, Google parent Alphabet delivered a strong quarter, beating Wall Street’s revenue and earnings expectations. Revenues grew at 20 percent year over year. Net income was $6.3 billion. Total quarterly revenues were $22.25 billion (Ad revenues were $19.8 billion), while so-called “other bets” generated $197 million (mostly Nest and Fiber). That was an increase vs. last year. There was also a smaller loss of $865 million on other bets compared to a year ago. Paid clicks were up an impressive 33 percent (Google website clicks were up 42 percent), however, aggregate cost per click across Google and its network was off 11 percent. Traffic acquisition costs were roughly $4.2 billion, representing 21 percent of total ad revenue. Last quarter, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat said that revenue growth was driven primarily by mobile search. But the company also cited video and programmatic as strong areas of growth. Porat said that in Q3 mobile search was also the big growth driver, with a strong contribution from YouTube. She added that desktop search was still seeing “decent growth.” Google has $83.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand, 60 percent of which is overseas. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Related Articles Google revenues climb 21 percent to $21.5 billion, powered by mobile With third EU antitrust complaint, Google confronts $20 billion in potential fines Alphabet Q1 misses with $20.25 billion in revenues; Google revenue rose 17 percent ProPublica slams Google for opt-in targeting changes that happened in June Channel: CMO ZoneGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AndroidGoogle: Business IssuesGoogle: Display AdvertisingGoogle: MobileGoogle: YouTube Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Mobile, video pump up profit at Google parent Alphabet AFP on October 28, 2016, 11:26 am Mobile and video pump profit at Google parent Alphabet Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Mobile and video pump profit at Google parent Alphabet - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr San Francisco (AFP) - Google parent Alphabet delivered higher profits for the third quarter, lifted by gains in mobile and video advertising as the tech giant narrowed losses on its "moon shots." Net profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion. Revenue rose to $22.5 billion from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Shares rose nearly one percent in after-market trades that followed the release of the stronger-than-expected earnings figures. "We had a great third quarter," Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat said in the earnings release. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." The California internet titan revamped its corporate structure more than a year ago, making Google's internet operations a division of Alphabet and putting units such as autonomous cars and internet service balloons in an "other bets" or "moonshots" category. The self-driving car effort that was once part of the X lab at Google -- devoted to bold, futuristic projects -- has become a separate business unit at Alphabet. Little has been revealed of its plans for going to market. The loss reported from Other Bets in the recently ended quarter came to $865 million, compared with $980 million in the same period a year earlier. "As we reach for moonshots that have a big impact in the longer term, it is inevitable that some efforts will have more success than others," Porat said. "We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." - New hardware strategy - Under its new structure, Alphabet is seeking to expand beyond its role as a search engine that provides advertising linked to queries. It has grown revenue in mobile search but is moving to further diversify its revenue stream. Earlier this month, Google took on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware, launching premium-priced, in-house designed Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. Google also revealed details about its new "home assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. But getting more heavily into hardware would entail new costs in the current quarter, Porat cautioned. "We expect to spend more on marketing in the year-end quarter due to the new products," she said. The company recently put on hold its "Fiber" initiative, which aimed to deliver ultrahigh-speed residential broadband to a number of cities. Kansas City in 2011 became the first city chosen by the group to test its Google Fiber internet network, promising transmission speeds of 100 times that of current networks. Although Alphabet remains committed to Fiber, it put deployment on hold after the team made "important breakthroughs" with technologies seen as key to implementation of the super-fast internet service, Porat said. "We wanted to focus on the potential of these efforts before we reaccelerate deployment," she said. "It was about ensuring that we can take advantage of those (breakthroughs) before again pushing forth." Alphabet also announced that its board has authorized spending as much as $7 billion to repurchase outstanding shares of stock. The company's shares were up nearly a percent to $825 in after-market trades that followed the earnings figures release. "Alphabet's latest quarterly results were very good once again," Pivotal Research Group said in a note to investors. "Revenue growth trends seem pretty clear with Google reinforcing its co-hegemonic position alongside Facebook on an ongoing basis." Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Mobile and video pump profit at Google parent Alphabet - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Salim Mehajer shares happy snap after 'ice-cream arrest'. Man shot dead in execution-style shooting in Earlwood A man found suffering multiple gunshot wounds in Sydney's south west was reportedly a notorious gangland crime figure. Judge orders Brendan Dassey, of Making a Murderer, to be released A federal judge has ordered Brendan Dassey, who featured in the hit documentary Making a Murderer, to be granted supervised release from prison. UNCOVERED: You won't believe this retro home video of Bec Hewitt We've got our hands on exclusive footage from Bec's first ever Logies Body found in bucket of excavator at Homebush Police are investigating after a body was found in the bucket of an excavator at Homebush. Man who 'wanted child-free life' found guilty in death of toddler left in hot car A US man accused of wanting a child-free life was found guilty of murdering his toddler by leaving him in a sweltering car to die two years ago. Show Me More Recommended Videos Compare & Save Personal Loans Unsecured Personal Loan - Fixed comp. rate p.a. 9.26% Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 12.83% Fixed Rate Personal Loan-Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 15.99% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 16.85% Unsecured Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.12% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 13.84% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Variable Rate Personal Loan-Unsec comp. rate p.a. 16.72% Important Disclosures Compare more Car Loans Car Loan (New) comp. rate p.a. 5.49% Low Rate Car Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 5.93% Advantage Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.49% Fast Approval Secure Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% New Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Fast Loan - Low Rate - New Car comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Important Disclosures Compare more Home Loans Basic Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.60% Discount Variable Home Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 3.84% Fresh Start Basic Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.94% Great Rate Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.09% Fresh Start Variable Rate Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.12% Important Disclosures Compare more Credit Cards frank credit card purch. rate p.a. 11.99% Vertigo Platinum purch. rate p.a. 12.74% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Low Rate Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Card purch. rate p.a. 13.99% Rewards purch. rate p.a. 18.79% Amplify Classic purch. rate p.a. 19.49% First purch. rate p.a. 19.74% Important Disclosures Compare more Savings Accounts High Interest Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.20% Online Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Online Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Bonus Saver max rate p.a. 2.80% Online Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Savings Maximiser max rate p.a. 2.75% Progress Saver max rate p.a. 1.91% Important Disclosures Compare more Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Why Hillary Clinton could still become president Man shot in leg after dashcam captures him trying to flee while cop clings to car Football star floored after fan throws exploding flare onto pitch WATCH: Oh deer! Unlikely intruder's daring escape from shop Mongoose horde invades golf course OUR PICKS Good Samaritan may lose hearing after having ear bitten off in brawl Man stabbed five-year-old girl in 'sexually motivated' attack Brisbane woman falls pregnant twice in 10 days in rare medical phenomenon 'I looked up and at that moment the branch fell' MOST VIEWED WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Supermoon delights skygazers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Mobile and video pump profit at Google parent Alphabet By Afp Published: 16:46 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 16:52 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail Google parent Alphabet on Thursday reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. Total revenue in the recently ended quarter was $22.5 billion, up from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures. Google shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) "We had a great third quarter," Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat said in the earnings release. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." It has been about a year since the California internet titan revamped its corporate structure, making the Google internet operations a division of Alphabet and putting units such as autonomous cars and internet service balloons in an "other bets" category. The self-driving car effort that was once part of the X lab at Google devoted to bold, futuristic projects has become a separate business unit at Alphabet but little has been revealed of its plans for going to market. The loss reported from Other Bets in the recently ended quarter was $865 million as compared with $980 million in the same period a year earlier. Meanwhile, Google this month took on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Posted 28 Oct 2016 04:10 Updated 28 Oct 2016 08:10 A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo A woman holds her smart phone, which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/Illustration/File Photo prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to US$5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to US$22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a US$7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a US$5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of US$9.06, beating expectations of US$8.63 a share on revenues of US$22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It’s showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there’s still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to US$19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp. Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of US$197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of US$865 million, down from a year-ago loss of US$980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Business Tech Well into its second decade, Google's business is still booming The search giant's profit and revenue continue to rise by Ben Popper Oct 27, 2016, 4:43pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Alphabet, the holding company formed around Google, reported its third quarter earnings today. The company grew its revenue 20 percent over the same period last year, to $22.45 billion. Its profit also improved, climbing 27 percent over the same period last year to $5 billion. These numbers were only slightly better than analysts expectations, and shares of Google didn't move much in after-hours trading. But its nonetheless impressive that a company in its 18th year is still posting such strong and continuous growth in both revenue and profits. Google is really the only company making money at Alphabet, and advertising still makes up the vast majority of Google's revenue. Other revenues, which includes things like hardware sales, now accounts for $2.4 billion, a little over 10 percent of the total. Other Bets, which includes things like Google Fiber, Project Loon, driverless cars, and other moonshots, continued to slowly improve its financial state, but still isn't anywhere close to profitable. Other bets revenue grew 40 percent to $197 million. Its losses, meanwhile, dropped by about 12.5 percent to $865 million. Clearly, Alphabet could continue to fund these experiments at a loss, but as recent layoffs at Google Fiber show, its going to continue being very strict with how it allocates resources to new ventures. Revenue Growth, YoY%$FB: +52%$NFLX: +32%$AMZN: +29%$GOOGL: +22%$AAPL: -9% pic.twitter.com/8XoxTqRqVH — Charlie Bilello, CMT (@MktOutperform) October 27, 2016 On its earnings call Alphabet gave the same speech it has the last couple quarters. The growth in advertising revenue is being led by increases in mobile search and also by YouTube. While YouTube gets highlighted as a driver of financial success, Alphabet still isn't pulling back the curtain on exactly how much revenue YouTube generates, or whether its video division is turning a profit. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat also affirmed Alphabets simultaneous commitment to experimenting with new lines of business while remaining disciplined with capital outlays. Translation: moonshots aren't going away, but they will be kept on a tighter leash. Google CEO Sundar Pichai spoke about the company's fundamental belief that computing is becoming an ever bigger part of people's daily lives. That is the motivation to create products like the new Google Assistant, and also to move into hardware with products like the Pixel phone. "To really think and evolve it, you need to think about hardware and software together," said Pichai. "That is where a lot of innovation happens." More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 2 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo. (© Dado Ruvic / Reuters/REUTERS) People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo. (© Dado Ruvic / Reuters/REUTERS) Alphabet’s revenue rises 20.2%; plans $7-billion buyback Add to ... Reuters Published Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016 4:25PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016 4:56PM EDT Comments AA Google parent Alphabet Inc. reported a 20.2-per-cent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, helped by robust sales of advertising on mobile devices and YouTube, and the search giant said it would repurchase about $7-billion (U.S.) of its Class C stock. Alphabet, along with Facebook Inc., dominates the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Shares of Alphabet, the world’s No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 per cent in after-hours trading. Google’s ad revenue rose 18.1 per cent to $19.82-billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1 per cent of Google’s total revenue, compared with 89.8 per cent of revenue in the second quarter. Paid clicks rose 33 per cent, compared with a rise of 29 per cent in the second quarter. Paid clicks are those ads on which an advertiser pays only if a user clicks on them. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 per cent in the latest period after dropping 7 per cent in the second quarter. Analysts on average had expected a decline of 7.9 per cent, according to FactSet StreetAccount. Per-click costs have been falling as people shift to mobile devices from desktops. Because of the limited space, advertising on mobile devices is generally cheaper. Research firm eMarketer has estimated that Google will capture $52.88-billion in search ad revenue in 2016, or 56.9 per cent of the global market. Google’s Other Revenue, which includes the company’s increasingly important cloud business, jumped 38.8 per cent after rising 33 per cent in the second quarter. The cloud business competes with services offered by market-leader Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and IBM Corp. Alphabet’s Other Bets generated revenue of $197-million, but reported an operating loss of $865-million. In the year earlier period, revenue was $141-million and the loss was $980-million. Other Bets includes broadband business Google Fibre, home automation products Nest, self-driving cars as well as X, the company’s research facility that works on “moon shot” ventures. The company’s consolidated revenue rose to $22.45-billion in the three months to Sept. 30 from $18.68-billion a year earlier. Net income rose to $5.06-billion or $7.25 per Class A and B share and Class C capital stock, from $3.98-billion or $5.73 a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, Alphabet earned $9.06 per share. Up to Thursday’s close of $817.35, Alphabet’s shares had risen 5.1 per cent since the start of the year. Report Typo/Error   GOOG-QAlphabet Inc Latest Price$736.08 -17.94 (-2.38%) FB-QFacebook Inc Latest Price$115.08 -3.94 (-3.31%) TWTR-NTwitter Inc Latest Price$19.14 +0.59 (+3.18%) Updated November 14 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Google Fiber chief Craig Barratt third Alphabet CEO to leave since June Twitter aims to turn profit in 2017 with latest overhaul Topics Technology Comments AA Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Investor Trump's win is a game-changer for mortgage strategies in Canada Report on Business How shareholders are rewriting the rules for public company directors Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Humans are hard-wired for laziness, study finds Report on Business Maple Leaf Foods activist Boland finally retreats, leaves board The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Bernie Sanders 'deeply humiliated,' wants "profound change" in Democratic Party News Who is Melania Trump? News Bill Murray crashes the White House briefing room, takes questions from reporters Life Video: Celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain offers his best dinner party tips Life Five reasons to never do crunches again News 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers News Donald Trump a 'bump in the road' in climate fight: David Suzuki Sports British man sets off on 2,000 mile swim across the Atlantic Report on Business 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market Report on Business How to get the most out of your CMHC insurance Report on Business How do robo-advisers benefit millennials? News Golf clubs topple as earthquake hits New Zealand ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Report on Business Robotics firm’s lasers reveal ocean’s deepest secrets Report on Business How obscure retailers can gain a customer’s trust online More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business McMillan launches public affairs firm as clients deal with heightened regulations Arts Toronto's Theatre Centre reaches goal with gift from Margaret Norrie McCain Most popular Signs posted in Toronto urge white people to act against multiculturalism Who is Stephen Bannon? How he fits in Trump’s unusual inner circle, and why he worries so many Ontario economic update includes small rebate for first-time homebuyers Ottawa to repeal section of Criminal Code on anal intercourse Travelling to the United States in the Donald Trump era X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. x Customize your reading font XS S M L XL The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Mobile device threats Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities XNU kernel vulnerability patched for iOS and macOS by Michael Heller Senior Reporter An XNU kernel vulnerability in iOS and macOS was patched after being reported by Google's Project Zero. And hackers at Pwn2Own 2016 cracked the Nexus 6P and iPhone 6s. Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Apple goes after Windows 10 hybrids with iOS 9 and ... – ComputerWeekly Apple upgrades laptop range – ComputerWeekly Chrome OS not as secure as it looks, says Trend Micro – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News Optimizing Your Microsoft® Investments Through Managed Services –Rackspace Effective IT Transformation Through Managed Services for Microsoft® Solutions –Rackspace See More Vendor Resources The Desktop Admin's Guide to the World Beyond Windows –SearchEnterpriseDesktop MDM, MAM & BYOD: Everything you need to know –SearchMobileComputing Apple released a number of security bug fixes this week, and one of the more dangerous flaws was found by Google's... Sign in for existing members Continue Reading This Article Enjoy this article as well as all of our content, including E-Guides, news, tips and more. Step 2 of 2: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Project Zero in the XNU kernel at the core of Apple's iOS and macOS platforms. Ian Beer of Google Project Zero first reported the XNU kernel vulnerability to Apple in February. And, according to Beer, Apple has since shipped two iterations of mitigations before releasing a refactor in macOS 10.12.1 and iOS 10.1. Beer said the simplest way to describe the kernel vulnerability was, "You cannot hold or use a task struct pointer and expect the [effective unique identifier (EUID)] of that task to stay the same." "When a [binary file with permissions set to Set owner User ID upon execution] is executed, it's true that the task's old task and thread ports get invalidated; however, the task struct itself stays the same. There's no fork and no creation of a new task. This means that any pointers to that task struct now point to the task struct of an EUID 0 process," Beer described in the Chromium bug report. Ultimately, Beer said this could lead to either a privilege escalation or sandbox-escape exploit. Beer noted that "this isn't an easy bug class to fix" and required a lot of work from Apple to fix the XNU kernel, which may explain the eight-month lag between his initial report to Apple and release of a full fix. "Due to the design of XNU, there are task_t pointers everywhere, and the underlying issue affects more than just task_t; threads suffer from the same issue. Apple decided to refactor the execve code to allocate new task and thread structures when loading a binary, which should fix the underlying issue," Beer wrote in a blog post. "This is a considerable amount of work; kudos to Apple for the engineering effort they put into fixing these bugs, and I look forward to the release of the MacOS 10.12.1 XNU source to see the new code." Pwn2Own 2016 Meanwhile, at Pwn2Own 2016 in Tokyo, Tencent's Keen Security Lab team won $375,000 -- plus potential bonuses -- in prizes for two exploits of an iPhone 6s running iOS 10.1 and an exploit of a stock Google Nexus 6P. Keen Security Lab had partial success installing a rogue application on the iPhone 6s, but did not receive full marks because the app did not persist through a reboot of the phone. Keen Security Lab also made use of a use-after-free bug in the renderer and a memory corruption bug in the sandbox to take photos off an iPhone 6s. Next Steps Learn more about a new iOS vulnerability putting business users in the hot seat. Find out about the Dirty COW Linux kernel vulnerability that existed for nine years. Get info on mitigating kernel vulnerabilities. Dig Deeper on Smartphone and PDA Viruses and Threats All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve How does the AceDeceiver Trojan install itself on iOS devices? How does the Mazar malware take control of Android devices? How Android 5 security compares to other mobile OSes SandJacking attack enables installation of rogue apps on iOS devices Load More View All SandJacking attack enables installation of rogue apps on iOS devices Rogue IMSI catchers heighten enterprise cell phone security risks SRA launches One Vault Messenger for BlackBerry device encryption Cisco says attackers will take aim at Apple, Android mobile devices View All News Six questions to ask before buying enterprise MDM products Amazon Fire Phone security features and pitfalls Mitigating mobile and PC malware hybrid threats View All Get started How does the AceDeceiver Trojan install itself on iOS devices? How does the Mazar malware take control of Android devices? How Android 5 security compares to other mobile OSes How does the fake Android app BeNews work? Load More View All Evaluate Throttling mobile malware with per-app VPNs How to strengthen bring your own device security Mitigating mobile and PC malware hybrid threats How to detect Android malware that leverages TOR Load More View All Manage Mobile keyloggers and touchscreen detection attacks Inside the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 lock screen bypass vulnerability View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Runtime application self-protection from A to Z E-Handbook New tactics for better endpoint security threat prevention E-Zine Identity of things moves beyond manufacturing Michael Heller asks: What do you think about Apple's work to fix the XNU kernel vulnerability? Join the Discussion Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... Q&A: Western Union's unique strategy to secure cloud services Mike Bartholomy of Western Union explains how the financial services company has embraced employee use of cloud services and how ... Legacy security tools challenge companies facing cloud migration Traditional security tools designed for data centers don't work well in cloud environments. New approaches are needed, according ... SearchNetworking Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... Cloud-native networking firm Aviatrix wins Network Innovation Award This month's Network Innovation Award winner, Aviatrix, wants to help organizations bridge the spaces between their clouds with ... Facebook's new switching platform completes 100 Gb data center pod Facebook has completed its open source 100 Gb data center pod. The technology for hyperscale data centers includes a ... SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop LANDesk Workspaces helps simplify IT workflows with role-based portals LANDesk Workspaces assigns users one of five profiles, including End User and IT Analyst, to deliver different IT resources and ... Take on Windows 10 Wi-Fi problems and address Wi-Fi Sense Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity is not as straightforward as it sounds. Microsoft moved the Wi-Fi settings and added security risks... How to repair damaged or corrupt Windows system files Windows system files are the lifeblood of the OS. Admins can use tools such as System File Checker and Deployment Image Servicing... SearchCloudComputing Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... OpenStack skills shortage makes deployment an ongoing challenge Enterprises that pursue OpenStack deployments often scramble to find IT professionals experienced with the open source platform. ... Practice cloud resource management to reduce sprawl, cut costs Some organizations go overboard with cloud deployments, paying for more resources than they actually need. Follow these steps to ... ComputerWeekly Insurance brokers hit by second SSP Worldwide cloud outage in less than a week Insurance software house comes under fire from users again, after they run into problems with its cloud service for the second ... Cloud firm dumps Dell, DotHill and NetApp for Tintri hybrid flash Cloud service provider Stratogen struggled with reliable performance in legacy block and file environment, so moved to Tintri ... It’s time to pay attention to mental health IT Technology can play a significant role in mental health, but has been largely overlooked by both initiatives and funding. However... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 73 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet. Post to Facebook Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share If you care about money, the economy and corporate America, earnings season matters. USA TODAY’S Matt Krantz breaks it down. USA TODAY Google announced third-quarter earnings on Thursday. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press) SAN FRANCISCO — Google's clicking with mobile device users, lifting the fortunes of parent company Alphabet. Strength in advertising on mobile devices and videos fueled yet another solid quarter for Alphabet that topped Wall Street estimates. Alphabet said Thursday that third-quarter net income rose 27% to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 a share, from a year ago. Excluding certain expenses, Alphabet said it would have earned $9.06 a share, beating analyst estimates of $8.60 a share. Alphabet revenue rose 20% to $22.45 billion. Excluding payments to advertising partners, total revenue was $18.27 billion. Analysts expected revenue of $17.99 billion. "Revenue growth continues to accelerate, 20% growth and 23% with neutral currency, those are really significant growth rates," said CFRA analyst Scott Kessler. "It underscores the continuing vibrancy of the company's offerings and business model." Google's ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1% of Google's total revenue. As people spend more time on smartphones, they are clicking on more Google ads. Advertisers generally pay less to reach consumers on mobile devices than desktop computers. Paid clicks, when users click on an advertisement, rose 33%, compared with an increase of 29% in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, the average amount advertisers pay Google for each click, fell 11% in the latest period after dropping 7% in the second quarter. "Paid clicks are notably higher than folks expected and the decline in cost-per-click was roughly in line with what people anticipated," Kessler said. Online video has emerged as another key driver of advertising growth with YouTube playing a starring role for Google, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Alphabet, told analysts. "YouTube revenue continues to grow at a very significant rate," she said. Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser says YouTube is not only making progress in capturing share of online video, it's making "an increasingly plausible case for capturing traditional television budgets." Google, Facebook and other tech companies are eager to crack open that big pot of dollars that marketers spend on television. "This was illustrated by this year’s announcement that clients of Interpublic’s Magna Global would commit $250 million of TV ad spending to YouTube," Wieser said. Digital is forecast to overtake TV ad spending this year for the first time. By the end of this year, U.S. digital ad spending will reach $72.09 billion, while TV spending will grow to $71.29 billion, according to research firm eMarketer. Not sitting on its laurels, Google is pushing into new businesses beyond advertising, such as its effort to compete with Amazon, Microsoft and IBM in cloud computing. Those other businesses, called "other revenue," was $2.4 billion in the third quarter, up 39% year over year. FindTheCompany | Graphiq "We’re building new businesses to serve as sources of future revenue growth. Most notably, Google Cloud is generating substantial revenue growth reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business as well as the enormous opportunity in this area," Porat told analysts. There are signs of trouble in Alphabet divisions outside of Google. The executive who ran the Google Fiber unit stepped down this week as the company halted roll-out of the super-speedy Internet and announced it's laying off 9% of its staff. Porat told analysts Alphabet remains committed to Google Fiber which is being deployed in 12 cities but is pausing roll-out in eight others as it develops new technologies such as wireless. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer-term, it’s inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. "Over the past year, for example, you’ve seen us make progress and accelerate our efforts in some areas while re-positioning or taking a pause in others. We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." Alphabet's "other bets," which include smart-home device maker Nest, self-driving cars and the X research facility, generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. BGC Financial analyst Colin Gillis said the narrowing loss shows the influence of Porat, who has brought greater financial discipline to the Internet giant. "Alphabet is showing discipline on other bets," he said. In other news, Alphabet's board approved authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. 73 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Marketing Land After backlash Facebook puts limits on "ethnic affinity" ad targeting options New Features No clone: Instagram Stories get links, mentions & more Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Google parent Alphabet’s Q3 beats expectations with $22.5 billion in revenue Mobile search continued to be the primary driver of revenue growth. Greg Sterling on October 27, 2016 at 4:32 pm More This afternoon, Google parent Alphabet delivered a strong quarter, beating Wall Street’s revenue and earnings expectations. Revenues grew at 20 percent year over year. Net income was $6.3 billion. Total quarterly revenues were $22.25 billion (Ad revenues were $19.8 billion), while so-called “other bets” generated $197 million (mostly Nest and Fiber). That was an increase vs. last year. There was also a smaller loss of $865 million on other bets compared to a year ago. Paid clicks were up an impressive 33 percent (Google website clicks were up 42 percent), however, aggregate cost per click across Google and its network was off 11 percent. Traffic acquisition costs were roughly $4.2 billion, representing 21 percent of total ad revenue. Last quarter, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat said that revenue growth was driven primarily by mobile search. But the company also cited video and programmatic as strong areas of growth. Porat said that in Q3 mobile search was also the big growth driver, with a strong contribution from YouTube. She added that desktop search was still seeing “decent growth.” Google has $83.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand, 60 percent of which is overseas. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Related Articles Google revenues climb 21 percent to $21.5 billion, powered by mobile With third EU antitrust complaint, Google confronts $20 billion in potential fines Alphabet Q1 misses with $20.25 billion in revenues; Google revenue rose 17 percent ProPublica slams Google for opt-in targeting changes that happened in June Channel: CMO ZoneGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AndroidGoogle: Business IssuesGoogle: Display AdvertisingGoogle: MobileGoogle: YouTube Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads By Reuters Published: 20:10 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 20:10 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail By Julia Love and Narottam Medhora Oct 27 (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to $5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to $22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a $5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06, beating expectations of $8.63 a share on revenues of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business toward mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It's showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there's still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc and Microsoft Corp. Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of $865 million, down from a year-ago loss of $980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Nov 15, 2016, 11:12 AM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 4 hrs 48 mins Mobile and video pump profit at Google parent AlphabetAFP – Thu, Oct 27, 2016 9:40 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The EU commission accuses Google of giving its own online shopping services top priority in search results to the detriment of other price comparison services Google parent Alphabet on Thursday reported its quarterly profit climbed 27 percent to $5.1 billion, boosted by mobile and video advertising revenue. Total revenue in the recently ended quarter was $22.5 billion, up from $18.7 billion in the same period a year earlier. Shares rose about 1.5 percent to $830 in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings figures. "We had a great third quarter," Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat said in the earnings release. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets." It has been about a year since the California internet titan revamped its corporate structure, making the Google internet operations a division of Alphabet and putting units such as autonomous cars and internet service balloons in an "other bets" category. The self-driving car effort that was once part of the X lab at Google devoted to bold, futuristic projects has become a separate business unit at Alphabet but little has been revealed of its plans for going to market. The loss reported from Other Bets in the recently ended quarter was $865 million as compared with $980 million in the same period a year earlier. Meanwhile, Google this month took on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Sydney Airport gets new COOAAP Sydney Airport has appointed chief financial officer Hugh Wehby as the new chief operating officer from January … Trump to roll back Obama energy policiesAAP SEC Chair says to step down before term endsAFP German travel site trivago files for IPO in USAFP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7574 +0.0018 +0.24% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6047 +0.0003 +0.05% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7038 +0.0007 +0.10% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Budget Rent a Car Salim Mehajer Travel insurance Pasquale Barbaro Online car insurance quote Julian Assange Free iTunes download NZ earthquake Currency Converter Stephen Bannon Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Election Center S-R Podcast WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Mon., Nov. 14, 2016 50˚ Business Federal regulators have approved new broadband privacy rules that make internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon ask customers permission before using or sharing much of their data. The Federal Communications Commissions measure was scaled back from a previous proposal but was still criticized by the advertising, telecommunications and cable industries. (Manu Fernandez / AP) THURSDAY, OCT. 27, 2016, 1:23 P.M. Internet providers must now get your OK to share your personal data By Jim Puzzanghera Los Angeles Times Twitter Facebook Email Reddit WASHINGTON – Federal regulators on Thursday approved tough new rules requiring high-speed internet service providers to get customer permission before using or sharing sensitive personal data, such as web browsing or app usage history and the geographic trail of mobile devices. Cable and wireless companies that offer broadband service would not have to first get a customer’s approval before using or sharing any non-sensitive data, such as a person’s name, address and type of data plan. Consumers would have to opt out of the sharing of that information. But such information is limited – most customer data will be considered sensitive – and internet service providers have not had to get permission to use or share that data. The privacy regulations approved by the Federal Communications Commission on a partisan 3-2 vote will be phased in over the next two years. Consumer advocates applauded the agency’s action. “As the internet has become ubiquitous, broadband providers have gained a unique, all-encompassing window into our daily lives,” said Jonathan Schwantes, senior telecom policy counsel for Consumers Union. “We think these new rules are strong, fair and necessary as we live more and more of our lives online.” But the rules were strongly opposed by cable and wireless companies, including AT&T Inc., which wants to expand its media empire – and its trove of consumer data – with the proposed purchase of Time Warner Inc. The broadband providers complained that they now will face tougher restrictions on the sharing of valuable customer data than Google Inc., Facebook Inc. and other internet companies. The FCC’s definition of sensitive data also includes the content of communications, Social Security numbers and information about financial activity, health or children. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, a Democrat who proposed the rules, said broadband subscribers “will finally be in the drivers’ seat” in deciding how their sensitive personal information is used. “It is the consumers’ information. It is not the information of the network the consumer hires to deliver that information,” Wheeler said. “The consumer has the right to make a decision about how her or his information is used.” Wheeler and the two other Democrats who make up the commission’s majority, Mignon Clyburn and Jessica Rosenworcel, said consumers have fewer choices about how they access the internet – either from their home or via mobile devices – and the agency was required to enact new rules for broadband providers under the expanded authority over the companies gained under net neutrality rules adopted last year. The FCC’s rules don’t apply to individual websites or social networks, which are overseen by the Federal Trade Commission. Before the net neutrality rules, the FTC also oversaw internet service providers. The rules approved Thursday were softened from a proposal made by Wheeler in March that would have required customers to opt in before any of their personal information could be shared by their internet service provider. After complaints from the broadband industry, Wheeler proposed distinguishing between types of information, as the FTC does. But the communications commission expanded on the FTC’s definition of sensitive data, including information about web browsing and app usage. That was a key reason why the FCC’s two Republicans, Ajit Pai and Michael O’Rielly, said they voted against the new rules. They said broadband providers should not face tougher privacy restrictions than internet giants such as Google and Facebook. “Consumers should not have to be network engineers to understand who’s collecting their data,” Pai said, calling the FCC’s actions “corporate favoritism.” O’Rielly said there were “very lucrative categories” of consumer information that broadband providers will have more difficulty using and sharing than website operators. And the FCC’s privacy rules endanger the advertising-supported online ecosystem, he said. “There is a trade-off,” O’Rielly said. “You are willing to trade your information for certain services.” Broadband providers and industry trade groups said that consumer privacy is important but that the FCC went too far. Joan Marsh, AT&T’s senior vice president of federal regulatory policy, said the company was pleased that the FCC’s rules more closely resemble those of the FTC. But she said it was “illogical” that the FCC determined that sensitive data should include web browsing and app history data. “In this regard, the FCC’s order falls short of recognizing that consumers want their information protected based on the sensitivity of the information collected, not the entity collecting it,” she said. The agency’s “divergent approach will ultimately serve only to confuse consumers, who will continue to see ads based on their web browsing history” from internet companies, Marsh said. Under the new rules, broadband providers also would have to notify customers about the type of information being collected, how it could be used and the types of entities with which the information is shared. Broadband providers would be free to use or share any data that is stripped of key identifying details so it can’t be linked to a specific person or device. The rules also require internet service providers to notify customers within 30 days after determining that a data breach has occurred. The companies would have only seven days to notify the FCC of any data breaches and would have to notify the FBI and the Secret Service of breaches that affect more than 5,000 customers. Also, Wheeler said the FCC has begun working on rules addressing the clauses in contracts consumers sign for internet service that require disputes be settled through private arbitration instead of in court. Proposed rules are expected by February. Consumer advocates and some lawmakers said tougher privacy restriction on broadband providers were needed. “Broadband providers should not be allowed to collect massive and detailed dossiers about consumers without their consent,” said Sen. Edward Markey, D-Mass. Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy, said broadband providers want to track consumers’ online activity and make money from sharing that data with advertisers. AT&T would gain access to data about consumers who watch content from HBO, CNN and other Time Warner properties, and that’s a big reason for the proposed deal, Chester said. “The merger is really about data,” he said. “Using the Time Warner content as kind of a Trojan horse . to lure people in – children, families, adults, everybody – and build a very significant business in advertising.” Published: Oct. 27, 2016, 1:23 p.m.  Tags: broadband, business, internet, privacy, Technology Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Economic News | Fri Oct 28, 2016 | 5:35am IST Google parent Alphabet profit surges on mobile, video ads A Google search page is reflected in sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo By Julia Love and Narottam Medhora Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) bested analysts' estimates for third-quarter profit and revenue on Thursday as the search company showed it has honed its core business for the mobile era and is closing in on the next wave of computing. Propelled by strong advertising on mobile devices and video site YouTube, Alphabet's net income climbed 27 percent to $5.06 billion. Revenue jumped 20 percent to $22.45 billion, marking the search giant's seventh straight quarter of double-digit revenue growth. The company authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock, pleasing investors who had been craving more after a $5 billion repurchase last year. Google is competing fiercely with social network Facebook Inc (FB.O) for dominance in the fast-growing mobile advertising market. Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai touted the company's gains in the space, and was bullish about recent product launches such as the Google Assistant, the Google Home smart speaker and refinements to the enterprise cloud business. The products are aimed at the rise of voice search, which many analysts believe will succeed keyboards and touch screens as a primary way users interact with devices. "We feel well positioned as we transition to a new era of computing," Pichai said in an conference call. "This new era is one in which people will experience computing more naturally and seamlessly in the context of their lives, powered by intelligent assistants and the cloud." Shares of Alphabet, the world's No. 2 company by market value, were up 1.6 percent in after-hours trading. The company posted third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $9.06, beating expectations of $8.63 a share on revenues of $22.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. Google has been dogged by concerns about how it would nudge its vast web advertising business towards mobile, but the company's recent performance has reassured Wall Street that the transition is well underway, said analyst Colin Gillis of BGC Partners. "It’s showing that even though they've hit lifetime highs, there’s still room to run," he said. Advertising revenue, the company's lifeblood, rose 18.1 percent to $19.82 billion in the third quarter. Paid clicks, or ads for which advertisers pay only when users click on them, rose 33 percent, compared with a rise of 29 percent in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, or the average amount advertisers pay Google, fell 11 percent in the latest period, but investors are willing to forgive the slump, for now, as it suggests strong mobile growth, said analyst Kerry Rice of Needham & Co. YouTube continued to post robust gains, Pichai said. Over the past year, Google, Facebook and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) have all doubled down on video, a format where advertisers are willing to pay a premium for a few seconds of users' undivided attention. Advertising accounted for 89.1 percent of Google's total revenue in the quarter, and analysts are eager for the company to tap new sources of growth. One of the leading contenders is Google's cloud business, which drove a 38.8 percent rise in the company's "other revenue." "As we head into 2017, I expect cloud to be one of our largest areas of investment," Pichai said. A relatively late entrant to the cloud business, Google is trying to steal market share from industry leaders Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O). Amazon on Thursday reported a 55 percent revenue increase in its cloud business. "I would hesitate to say they are competing head-to-head, but they are making up for lost ground," Rice said. Alphabet's "Other Bets" unit generated revenue of $197 million, primarily from Nest, Google Fiber and Verily units, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said during the call. Alphabet said this week it was pausing the rollout of Fiber, a high-speed internet service, in some U.S. cities and that its leader, Craig Barratt, would leave. Porat played down analysts' concerns of instability at Other Bets, which has suffered a wave of executive departures, including Nest founder Tony Fadell, self-driving car technology chief Chris Urmson and, most recently, Barratt. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. Other Bets, which also includes research unit X, reported an operating loss of $865 million, down from a year-ago loss of $980 million. The narrowing loss suggests Porat is instilling the financial discipline investors have long hoped to see from the company, said Gillis. "Everybody loves Ruth," he said. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru and Julia Love; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Andrew Hay) Next In Economic News As BOJ wanes, Japan sees fiscal stimulus as likely next step TOKYO Japanese policymakers are starting to see fiscal stimulus as the most likely next step to spark economic growth given the central bank's dwindling monetary ammunition and uncertainty over the agenda of U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ's Kuroda warns of risks TOKYO/NAGOYA, Japan Japan's economic growth handily beat expectations in the July-September period, expanding for a third straight quarter as exports recovered, but weak domestic activity cast doubt on hopes for a sustainable economic recovery. India raises cap on bank cash withdrawal to ease public anger MUMBAI/NEW DELHI India's government increased the limit on cash withdrawals from bank accounts on Sunday to calm public anger as millions of people clamored for new rupee bills after a shock abolishment of large denomination notes. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick India announces new measures to increase supply of cash Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Harrisburg Heat Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Boys Ice Hockey Girls Lacrosse Softball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Celebrity Gossip Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Man who admitted to 'Celebgate' hacks gets 18 months in federal prison computer keyboard.jpg (file photo) Print Email Wesley Robinson | wrobinson@pennlive.com By Wesley Robinson | wrobinson@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 27, 2016 at 3:55 PM, updated October 28, 2016 at 7:20 AM comments A 36-year-old Lancaster man will spend time in federal prison for hacking Apple and Google accounts of more than 100 people, including celebrities. Ryan Collins was sentenced to 18 months in prison for the hacks leading to the Sept. 2014 leaks of photographs of female celebrities known as "Celebgate." Collins pleaded guilty to a felony federal hacking charge before U.S. Middle District Senior Judge William W. Caldwell in May. According to U.S. Attorney Bruce D. Brandler, Collins admitted running a "phishing" scheme between 2012 and 2014 to obtain user names and passwords for the Apple and Google email accounts of his targets, who were primarily members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles. Collins employed a process called "phishing" in which he would send victims bogus requests from Apple and Google for account information. He would then use that stolen data to access their accounts, obtaining personal information including nude photos and videos. In addition to the phishing scam, Collins also ran a modeling scam in which he tricked victims into sending him nude photos. His arrest resulted from the investigation into the "Celebgate" leaks. No evidence has been found tying Collins to those leaks, however, nor is there evidence Collins shared or uploaded any information he illicitly obtained. Investigators found that Collins hacked into 50 iCloud and 72 Gmail accounts. More than 600 victims were identified. PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Most Read Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Frequently Asked Questions Career Opportunities FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
AUTOMATION DATA INFRASTRUCTURE INTERNET TRANSPORTATION PERSPECTIVES INSIGHTS GOVTECH.COM FutureStructure_Grey FutureStructure Sacramento, Calif., Preps for Self-Driving Vehicles Sacramento will be among 16 select cites meeting next month to discuss ways to harness new technologies, including autonomous vehicles, as part of a new national study effort called the Smart Cities Collaborative. by Tony Bizjak, Sacramento Bee / October 27, 2016 0 Sacramento, Calif. Shutterstock/Andrew Zarivny (TNS) -- Self-driving robot cars will be coming soon to the streets of American cities. Exactly when is uncertain. But transportation officials in Sacramento, Calif., are taking steps now to be ready when the revolution rolls in. Sacramento will be among 16 select cites meeting next month to discuss ways to harness new technologies, including autonomous vehicles, as part of a new national study effort called the Smart Cities Collaborative. “We definitely see the future of autonomous vehicles and want to wrap our arms around it and make sure it is safe and equitable for the city of Sacramento,” city planner Fedolia Harris said. “We want to be at the table. We want to contribute to early discussions. What are the big issues? How does it affect economic development?” RELATEDAutonomous Cars Might Have Roller Coaster EffectGoogle Autonomous Car Experiences Another CrashNervousness About Autonomous Vehicles Persists Harris is one of several local officials who rode in a Google driverless car along with Google engineers on Interstate 5 between Richards Boulevard and North Natomas during a demonstration last year, and said he came away a bit “freaked out,” but impressed with how well the car did in traffic and how far self-driving vehicle technology has come. Sacramento city officials made a pitch earlier this year to the federal Department of Transportation for a major grant to allow them to run a pilot program using self-driving shuttle vehicles to pick people up and take them to Sacramento Regional Transit light-rail stations. Sacramento did not win the grant. Columbus, Ohio, did with a similar proposal that included using autonomous cars as shuttles. But the city’s bid caught the attention of Transportation 4 America, a group of businesses, nonprofit groups and local elected leaders, and Sidewalk Labs, a Google sister company that seeks to use technology to solve urban problems. Those two entities are sponsoring the Smart Cities Collaborative, which will bring 16 cities together in November to look into ways to test cutting-edge technology to make urban transportation more efficient, including how autonomous vehicles can be used to enhance public transit, reduce congestion, and provide equitable, affordable mobility for various income groups. Other cities include Austin, Texas; Denver; Boston; Chattanooga, Tenn.; Los Angeles; Nashville, Tenn.; Portland, Ore.; and San Jose. The 16 were among more than 70 cities that had competed for the federal grant ultimately won by Columbus. Transportation For America spokesman Russ Brooks said his organization worked with Sacramento and other cities on their proposals for that DOT grant and were impressed with how eager the cities were to understand and take advantage of new technology to reduce congestion. They decided to set up the collaborative to give those cities a platform for exploring and sharing. Sacramento officials noted the city is well positioned to be a leader in testing and supporting technological improvements for traffic because it is home to the California Legislature. “If we (put) demonstration projects in the ground, it is a way for legislators to see it up close and personal,” Harris said. Sacramento’s initial proposal earlier this year involved using lower-speed autonomous vehicles, each capable of carrying a handful of people, as shuttles between neighborhoods and a handful of light-rail stations. Users could summon the vehicles via smartphone app. Studies show that most people are willing to walk up to a half mile to get to a light-rail or bus stop. But in Sacramento’s low-density, suburban communities, most potential light-rail riders live farther than a half mile from a station. “Some folks may be a little weirded out by a vehicle with no driver in it,” said city traffic official Ryan Moore at the time, but “we think this is a way to get more of our residents onto light rail, to reduce traffic congestion and drive down greenhouse gas emissions.” Although Sacramento officials say they are eager to participate in the collaborative, they do not have funds to launch a significant test project using self-driving vehicles. Harris said he hopes the Smart Cities effort will lead to government grants, and that private industry, such as autonomous vehicle research companies, would agree to public-private partnerships. Testing of self-driving vehicles has ramped up in the last few years. Google, Uber, Tesla, and a handful of international and domestic car manufacturers are developing and testing prototypes. Uber recently began testing a few “robo taxis” in commercial use on Pittsburgh city streets. Those vehicles still have researchers in them who can take control of the wheel at any point. The most advanced self-driving cars are equipped with detailed mapping systems, lasers and cameras that allow them to find their way along city streets on their own. However, Sacramento’s Harris said the city hopes to learn more during the Smart Cities Collaborative on ways it can add smart traffic signals to the local streetscape. Those signals would be able to tell an approaching anonymous car what the red-green light sequence is, so the car doesn’t have to rely on its camera to see the signal. It can also report to the car’s computer on the traffic status on surrounding blocks. As well, city officials said they are interested, at some point, in installing wireless smart controllers in traffic signals to make intersection signaling more responsive to real-time traffic flows on a constant basis throughout the day. Speaking in Sacramento earlier this year, federal Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said the Obama administration wants to promote autonomous vehicle technology. “This challenge is really starting to push communities to really think about the future and their role in it, and the role of big data and innovation in how they advance into the future,” Foxx said. ©2016 The Sacramento Bee (Sacramento, Calif.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Autonomous Cars Might Have Roller Coaster Effect Google Autonomous Car Experiences Another Crash Nervousness About Autonomous Vehicles Persists 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM FutureStructure TWEETS FOLLOW US @mamaluci RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:12:41 PM @GoldsmithOnGov RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:12:41 PM @Lees_Sandbox RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:12:41 PM Latest Connections Solar for Local Governments Means Broad Planning, Broad Benefits Systems connected: Planning and development, energy utilities, public works. NACTO Acknowledges Complex Ties Between Automated Vehicles and the World Systems connected: Mobility, infrastructure, city planning, data, taxation CONNECTION: The Smart City Challenge Is One Enormous Silo-Buster Systems connected: Transportation, energy, economic development, health care, inter-city collaboration NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Changing the Face of Data Analytics Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK GOVERNMENT TECHNOLOGY CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES INNOVATION NATION

Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... Google Hoping to beat rivals, Google Play Music starts using your location & activity to recommend tunes Google says there are now 2 billion active Chrome installs Google responds to EU antitrust charges against Android Browse more... Alphabet Google Capital changes its name to CapitalG (Update: and quietly confirms it invested in Snapchat) Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with marketers Google gets more time to respond to EU antitrust charges Browse more... earnings Crunch Report | GoPro Seriously Botches Earnings Amazon plunges on earnings miss Twitter plans to get up close and personal, surfacing content for your special interests Browse more... Alphabet reports a strong third quarter despite free-falling advertising values Posted Oct 27, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story Amazon plunges on earnings miss Alphabet’s strategy of trying to stuff the difference between declining mobile advertising value with additional clicks appears to still be paying off as the company once again showed Wall Street that it can make a ton of money and continue to grow. Alphabet (we’re just gonna call it what it is because we’re talking about the core business: Google) reported earnings of $9.06 per share on revenue of $22.4 billion. That’s another 20 percent gain compared to the same quarter a year ago. Wall Street was looking for earnings of $8.64 per share on revenue of $22.05 billion. Google’s business was for some time called into question because the value of advertisements on mobile was not as high as on desktop — specifically desktop search — which was Google’s sweet spot. Indeed, Google’s cost-per-click, a key metric determining the value of an ad, fell another 11 percent year-over-year this quarter. But aggregate paid clicks increased 33 percent in the third quarter year-over-year, showing it’s still able to compensate for that decrease. In the last quarter, Google’s cost-per-click fell 7 percent compared to the second quarter in 2015, and cost-per-click was down 5 percent quarter-over-quarter. Still, it’s going to remain a question mark for some time as its cost-per-click continues at a double-digit decline. Google has to get its ads on as many devices and in as many mediums as it possibly can — whether that’s through a voice-driven speaker, its own phone where it can control the experience or pushing its services across as many devices as it possibly can. Wall Street may tolerate that decline for the time being, but it’s going to have to taper off at some point if Google is going to show it’s going to be a strong core business. For now, because the company’s strategy is working, and that last quarter the company showed it could continue to work, it looks like Wall Street is happy. The stock isn’t going ballistic — it’s up about 2 percent — but it’s not on a wild swing down right now, either. In addition, Google is also authorizing a roughly $7 billion share repurchase program, in another move that is going to return additional value to its overlords on Wall Street. As the years have passed, Google has gone from one of the only online advertising juggernauts to going head-to-head with Facebook, whose advertising business is rapidly expanding and offering a good alternative to Google. Both perform really well at different parts of the marketing funnel — Facebook is great for brand awareness while Google is good for capturing purchase intent with search — but they’re increasingly competing with each other for advertising dollars. Related Articles Why did ProtonMail vanish from Google search results for months? A founder seizes on anti-Trump sentiment to market women-friendly workflow software Deep learning tool lets you pick your pastiche: Mostly Monet, a dab of Doré and a pinch of Picasso Google's Dart programming language returns to the spotlight And that’s also not to mention emerging platforms like Snapchat which, while it isn’t necessarily a threat to Google yet, represents a potential additional advertising platform that could suck away the dollars Google is hoping to acquire as it tries to further expand its advertising business. Snapchat’s valuation may reach as high as $35 billion in an upcoming IPO, and it previously projected it would hit $1 billion in revenue in 2017. So while Alphabet has been trying to rapidly roll out new devices and markets, like Google Home and the Pixel, all eyes are still going to be on its advertising business for now — which is staggering. In fact, questions about the company’s advertising growth were at the time largely stamped out when it delivered a tremendous second quarter that showed that it could continue to grow that business. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Okay! Back to Alphabet. Earlier this month, Alphabet held an event where it unveiled its first phone, the Pixel, and an Amazon Echo-like device in Google Home. It’s also pushing its voice assistant, Google Assistant, hard across all its devices as it looks to get people closer and closer to using Google for mundane tasks. While not necessarily monetized, there’s plenty of opportunity to do so, and keeping users glued to their devices gives them more eyeballs that they could potentially monetize with ads. But not everything is well within the Alphabet empire. The company’s “other bets” revenue increased only marginally from $141 million to $197 million while still losing nearly $1 billion. The loss declined year-over-year — from $980 million in the third quarter last year to $865 in the third quarter this year — but Alphabet, and in particular CFO Ruth Porat, have indicated that the company is going to be more judicious about its spending going forward. In the past year, Alphabet shares have gone up by around 11 percent. That’s not quite the crazy performance of Facebook — which is seen to be a huge growth opportunity — which has grown around 24 percent. But Google is also worth around $550 billion, and even small-point swings represent an enormous shift in value for the company. At one point, even, Google surpassed Apple as the most valuable company in the world. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Featured Image: Jeff Chiu/AP 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Alphabet Founded 2015 Overview Alphabet Inc. is the holding company for Google and several Google entities, including Google X, Google Ventures, Google Capital, Calico, and its Life Sciences efforts. On Monday, August 10th, 2015, CEO Larry Page announced the operational restructuring effort for Alphabet Inc. to replace Google Inc. as the official publicly-traded entity. He announced that all shares of Google would automatically … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Biotechnology, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Founders Larry Page Website https://abc.xyz/ Full profile for Alphabet Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Alphabet Google earnings Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Mobile Samsung Pay adds Rewards, offering points for every transaction 5 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Snapchat’s Spectacles are now on sale near Big Sur in California yesterday | Darrell Etherington AT&T downgrades video quality on mobile with ‘Stream Saver’ Nov 11, 2016 | Devin Coldewey, Contributor More Android devices are running Gingerbread than Nougat 7.0 Nov 11, 2016 | Brian Heater Comment moderation powered by Up Next Amazon plunges on earnings miss Posted Oct 27, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 42 minutes ago by Daniel Singer Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 73 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet. Post to Facebook Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Strength in mobile and video ads were the main drivers fueling a solid Q3 for Alphabet.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mobile, YouTube lift Google parent Alphabet's results Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 6:58 p.m. EDT October 27, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share If you care about money, the economy and corporate America, earnings season matters. USA TODAY’S Matt Krantz breaks it down. USA TODAY Google announced third-quarter earnings on Thursday. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press) SAN FRANCISCO — Google's clicking with mobile device users, lifting the fortunes of parent company Alphabet. Strength in advertising on mobile devices and videos fueled yet another solid quarter for Alphabet that topped Wall Street estimates. Alphabet said Thursday that third-quarter net income rose 27% to $5.06 billion, or $7.25 a share, from a year ago. Excluding certain expenses, Alphabet said it would have earned $9.06 a share, beating analyst estimates of $8.60 a share. Alphabet revenue rose 20% to $22.45 billion. Excluding payments to advertising partners, total revenue was $18.27 billion. Analysts expected revenue of $17.99 billion. "Revenue growth continues to accelerate, 20% growth and 23% with neutral currency, those are really significant growth rates," said CFRA analyst Scott Kessler. "It underscores the continuing vibrancy of the company's offerings and business model." Google's ad revenue rose 18.1% to $19.82 billion in the third quarter, accounting for 89.1% of Google's total revenue. As people spend more time on smartphones, they are clicking on more Google ads. Advertisers generally pay less to reach consumers on mobile devices than desktop computers. Paid clicks, when users click on an advertisement, rose 33%, compared with an increase of 29% in the second quarter. Cost-per-click, the average amount advertisers pay Google for each click, fell 11% in the latest period after dropping 7% in the second quarter. "Paid clicks are notably higher than folks expected and the decline in cost-per-click was roughly in line with what people anticipated," Kessler said. Online video has emerged as another key driver of advertising growth with YouTube playing a starring role for Google, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Alphabet, told analysts. "YouTube revenue continues to grow at a very significant rate," she said. Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser says YouTube is not only making progress in capturing share of online video, it's making "an increasingly plausible case for capturing traditional television budgets." Google, Facebook and other tech companies are eager to crack open that big pot of dollars that marketers spend on television. "This was illustrated by this year’s announcement that clients of Interpublic’s Magna Global would commit $250 million of TV ad spending to YouTube," Wieser said. Digital is forecast to overtake TV ad spending this year for the first time. By the end of this year, U.S. digital ad spending will reach $72.09 billion, while TV spending will grow to $71.29 billion, according to research firm eMarketer. Not sitting on its laurels, Google is pushing into new businesses beyond advertising, such as its effort to compete with Amazon, Microsoft and IBM in cloud computing. Those other businesses, called "other revenue," was $2.4 billion in the third quarter, up 39% year over year. FindTheCompany | Graphiq "We’re building new businesses to serve as sources of future revenue growth. Most notably, Google Cloud is generating substantial revenue growth reflecting the ongoing momentum in the business as well as the enormous opportunity in this area," Porat told analysts. There are signs of trouble in Alphabet divisions outside of Google. The executive who ran the Google Fiber unit stepped down this week as the company halted roll-out of the super-speedy Internet and announced it's laying off 9% of its staff. Porat told analysts Alphabet remains committed to Google Fiber which is being deployed in 12 cities but is pausing roll-out in eight others as it develops new technologies such as wireless. "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer-term, it’s inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. "Over the past year, for example, you’ve seen us make progress and accelerate our efforts in some areas while re-positioning or taking a pause in others. We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." Alphabet's "other bets," which include smart-home device maker Nest, self-driving cars and the X research facility, generated revenue of $197 million, but reported an operating loss of $865 million. BGC Financial analyst Colin Gillis said the narrowing loss shows the influence of Porat, who has brought greater financial discipline to the Internet giant. "Alphabet is showing discipline on other bets," he said. In other news, Alphabet's board approved authorized a $7 billion repurchase of its Class C stock. 73 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eRwIBi
Subscribe  Resource Center Read This Week's Issue Sign up for our e-Letters | LOG IN Toggle navigation Topics Career Advice Corporate Responsibility Crisis Management Digital PR Internal Communication Measurement Media Relations Media Training Nonprofit PR PR Agencies PR Insiders Research Social Media SEO Web Tools Writing Awards Events Webinars Jobs Store Guidebooks Subscribe Resources Subscribe Renew 4-Week Trial Subscriber Center Job Seeker E-Letter The Skinny Twitter Directory Winners Circle Whitepapers PR News in the Classroom PR Industry Links Advertise with PR News Barcelona Principles 2.0 Media Room Contact Us Blog PR News Blog PR Industry Blogs FIRM FINDER This Week's Issue Sign up for our e-Letters 5 Google AdWords Tips for Building a Successful Campaign 10/27/2016 By Mark Renfree When it comes to online advertising (outside of social media) there are few better places to be than on Google. The search giant is so essential to the daily lives of connected individuals that few can go a full day without jumping on the search engine to satisfy a craving for information. Luckily it's not hard to get in front of the 40,000 searches Google handles every second. Google's AdWords tool lets organizations piggyback on user activity on the search engine to put ads in front of the right people at the right time. That’s one of the great things about the service: The targeting on Google AdWords campaigns can be as narrow or broad as needed. To get the latest on Google AdWords, Analytics and SEO from organizations like Whole Whale, Google, One Love Foundation, Cisco and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, join PR News for the Google for Communicators Boot Camp taking place on Nov. 17 in New York City. But there’s a lot communicators need to know about Google AdWords to ensure they get the most out of every dollar spent. George Weiner, founder and CEO of Whole Whale, knows all about the intricacies of Google AdWords—he spends his days leveraging data and technology like AdWords to increase the impact of nonprofit organizations. Weiner is also a speaker at the upcoming PR News Google for Communicators Boot Camp, where he’ll be giving attendees all the latest tips and tricks for success on AdWords. In advance of his session, here’s five tips from Wiener for building a successful Google AdWords campaign. Have a configured goal in Google Analytics and AdWords before starting No goal, no point. Tracking the full funnel conversion is the only way to understand the true ROI of your ad spend. Try to get as close as possible to the final point of sale action. Plan a test spend of 20% of your budget and learn from keyword wins You will make assumptions in your targeting approach for engaging your psycho-demographic. Look for positive outliers in keywords and consider building stronger campaigns around those concepts. Don't ignore time of day and device These two factors can quietly screw your conversion rates even if you have the right region, keywords and ads. Don't sell people coffee at night and sleeping aids in the morning. Triple check mobile optimization of your site and as a rule try to hedge toward desktop spends as people tend to have 4x higher conversion rates (depending on what you're selling). Analyze! Include assisted conversions The unexamined campaign is not worth spending money on. Use assisted conversions in Google Analytics to see if AdWords helps a 90-day customer journey. Perhaps AdWords is helping people discover the product and then they're coming back 30 days later on a direct visit or due to email follow-up to finally make a purchase. Assisted conversions will reveal this. Build content and CRO around winning campaigns Conversion rate optimization is a process that over time will help reduce the cost by increasing conversion efficiency. Remember that doubling your conversion rate produces the same effect that doubling your ad budget does. Building content will help improve keyword scent match, Q score, and may even help build up actual SEO around the term. Follow George: @WholeWhale Follow Mark: @MarkRenfree Related How to Use Content Marketing for a Successful PR Campaign 7 Tips to (Almost) Guarantee a Successful Media Pitch 10 Tips for CSR Dialogue Building 5 Tips for Building Better Teams by Breaking Down Silos Tips and Tricks for a Successful Broadcast Interview Recent 6 YouTube Tips That Could Create Emotional Connections to Your Brand 4 Ways to Master B2B Social Selling How to Build Relationships With Influencers That Endure Beyond One Communications Campaign Media Pitching Lessons From the Purring Engine of GM’s PR Team How Home Depot Engaged Its Workforce By Helping Vets and Communicating Strategically Upcoming November 16 — Diversity & Inclusion Awards November 16 — PR Measurement Workshop November 16 — Digital PR Awards Luncheon November 17 — Google for Communicators Boot Camp November 18 — Nonprofit PR Awards November 29 — Make Your Dollars Matter With Your Paid Social Posts December 6 — PR News' Winter Awards Luncheon Trending Speaking From Experience: Media Training Tips You Probably Never Learned in School PR Insider: 6 Steps To Create a Comprehensive PR Plan 5 Ways to Create Engaging Social Media Graphics How to Use Content Marketing for a Successful PR Campaign Getting the Job: 5 Tips for Acing the Dreaded PR Writing Test Featured Jobs Sign up for the Job Seeker » View All Jobs » Public Relations Coordinator - City of Charlotte Housing Authority - NC Associate Director of Brand Public Relations - Aspen Dental Management, Inc. - NY Account Supervisor - Crenshaw Communications- NY Find a Job   | Post a Job Customer Center Subscribers Help & Info Shop Advertise Online & Newsletter Sponsorships Areas Advertise E-Letters Events Guidebooks Jobs PR News Blog Privacy Policy The Lists Twitter Directory Water Cooler Webinars Learn About Contact Us Sister Sites Cablefax Cynopsis Studio min Folio Event Marketer Industry Alerts Sign up for our e-Letters | © 2016, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments An FCC ruling means Internet browsing history is going to get more private. Here's why advertisers hate that Computers Computer users will get fuller privacy protections from their Internet service providers under a rule the Federal Communications Commission passed Thursday. Some in the advertising industry worry it will change the digital ecosystem. (Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press) Print Email Stephen Koff, cleveland.com By Stephen Koff, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Follow on Twitter on October 27, 2016 at 3:46 PM, updated October 27, 2016 at 3:56 PM comments WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The Federal Communications Commission ruled Thursday that Internet service providers must get your permission before they can release sensitive personal information about you. This is a big deal. But why? Take this example of how the symbiotic relationship between you, your data and your Internet provider used to work: Since you're reading this, we can tell -- and so can your Internet service provider -- that you're interested in web browsing. If you look up enough stories or websites on this subject, your Internet provider might even surmise that you're a potential customer for some sort of new Internet gizmo or service. So your provider, whether Verizon or Comcast or AT&T, might sell that information to a marketing company, and pretty soon you'll get online ads from New Gizmo Co. It's a beautiful thing, because New Gizmo will pay Verizon or AT&T for that bit of information about you, and the website hosting the ad for New Gizmo will make a bit of money, too, and maybe you'll buy a great product from New Gizmo. What's not to like? There's a lot to dislike, says the FCC. So in a vote of 3-2, the FCC on Thursday passed a rule that will change this very equation. The bottom line of today's privacy rulemaking is that it's your data. How it's used & shared should be your choice. — Tom Wheeler (@TomWheelerFCC) October 27, 2016 It'll protect your privacy, although with a couple of big exceptions. It also could mess up the practice of micro-targeting, which could deprive you of certain ads (or annoyances) and deprive web publishers of revenue they use to operate. Here's what's going on. What kind of information are we talking about? In the classification of "sensitive," the FCC included geo-location, financial information, health information, children's information, social security numbers, web browsing history, app usage history and the content of communications. It's your information, not the Internet company's, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said after the vote. "Internet service providers shouldn't be able to sell something that isn't theirs without your permission." Is this automatic? In a way, yes. Your internet provider will have to have your consent -- you will have to "opt in" -- before it can release this kind of information. When will this take effect? In about a year. Notice of the rule should appear in the Federal Register in a week or so, and the privacy provision will kick in 12 months from then. The FCC said it wanted to give the industry enough time to adapt. So when I use Google to look up a website, that information won't be able to be sold to a marketer, right? Wrong. The logic here bothers many, including the two Republican appointees on the FCC who voted no on the rule. But the FCC rule pertains only to the companies that connect you with the Internet and thus to various websites -- but not to the websites themselves. So Google and Facebook, which are content companies but not service providers, are not affected. They can still sell your browsing information, which if you've ever used Google to look up a product or product reviews, you know already. How is that fair? It's not, critics say. The government's regulatory regime contributes partly to this situation. The Federal Trade Commission so far has regulated website data collection, with less ferocity than today's FCC ruling -- although it does prohibit disseminating Social Security numbers, financial and health information. But the Federal Trade Commission does not regulate the actual communication pipeline. The FCC does. Whether these differences get resolved is to be seen. Some say Congress might have to step in. "If the FCC truly believes that these new rules are necessary to protect consumer privacy, then the government now must move forward to ensure uniform regulation of all companies in the Internet ecosystem at the new baseline the FCC has set," FEC Commissioner Ajit Pai, a Republican, said today, according to CNET. What does this mean for advertising? If Google still can sell your web-browsing history, location and other information, Google potentially gains an advantage. In any given day, you might visit a dozen websites that aren't Google, and until now, your Internet provider would be able to use that information to get a pretty good picture of you as an information consumer, and maybe as a buyer. It could sell that information to marketers. Marketers could take out ads on those other websites to reach you. Those websites can still know a lot about you and sell it -- unless you opt out -- but none of them knows your collective web-self as well as your Internet service provider. What difference will that make? Some say it could alter what Advertising Age calls the digital ecosystem. Right now, unless you pay to enter a website, that website is supported by advertising, some of which is targeted specifically to you as a result of your earlier browsing habits. Let's say you go to various websites to see Ford truck reviews, and your neighbor goes to cruise line sites to look up Caribbean cruises. You might both be on the same website later as you check out news or games, but you're more likely to see ads for trucks -- even on the news website -- while your neighbor sees ads for vacations. This is called microtargeting. It plays a role, though not always in a dominant way, in how nearly all websites make money. And until now, it has been gaining prominence. Is my privacy gain a game-changer, then, for advertising and the web? It's too soon to say how much things will change. But some in the advertising industry say yes, going so far as to say this will hurt websites. As expected, ad industry is flipping out over just-passed @FCC #privacy rules. https://t.co/QNiaxYhfbp pic.twitter.com/kRkMWs2udq — Ad Age (@adage) October 27, 2016 "Today the FCC took an unfortunate step toward destabilizing the ad-supported internet economy," said a statement from Dave Grimaldi, executive vice president of the Internet Advertising Bureau. The commission's action, he said, "could impair the ability for online ads to support the wealth of consumer benefits we all have come to expect." Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for November 14, 2016 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas Google parent Alphabet sees earnings, revenue beat and announces $7 billion buyback Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Thursday, 27 Oct 2016 | 5:06 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Stocks to Watch: October 28, 2016</p> <p>Amazon, Alphabet and Baker Hughes are grabbing headlines this Friday morning to wrap up the week.</p> Stocks to Watch: October 28, 2016    Friday, 28 Oct 2016 | 8:19 AM ET | 00:59 Alphabet reported quarterly earnings that topped analysts' estimates and revenue that beat expectations on Monday, and announced a more than $7 billion stock buyback authorized this month. The primary driver was strength in search and YouTube, Ruth Porat, Alphabet's chief financial officer, told investors in a conference call. Google Cloud is also seeing "substantial revenue growth," Porat said. Google's parent company posted third-quarter earnings per share of $9.06, adjusted, on revenue of $22.45 billion. The technology titan was expected to report fiscal third-quarter earnings of $8.63 a share on revenue of $22.05 billion, according to a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate. That's up against the comparable year-ago figure $7.35 a share, with revenue up 20 percent from last year's $18.68 billion. The company also approved a stock repurchase up to $7,019,340,976.83 of its Class C shares. This quarter last year, the company repurchased $5,099,019,513.59 of its Class C capital stock. (5.099019514 is the square root of 26 — the number of letters in the alphabet). "I think that the buyback outlook is important. People are looking for more balanced return profile out of Google now: a little bit of growth, a little bit of margin, and a little bit of capital return. So I think it all makes sense," Michael Graham, senior internet analyst at Canaccord Genuity, told CNBC's "Closing Bell" on Thursday. Shares initially rose 2 percent after hours, but were last up less than 1 percent. "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets," Porat said in a statement. The Google parent company updated investors on the state of its behemoth advertising business, as well as projects like cloud, phones and internet. Google's quarterly growth reflects strength in mobile search, Google Play and cloud, Porat said. Google's websites saw sales increase 23 percent to $16.09 billion, above the $15.79 expected by a StreetAccount consensus estimate, while advertising revenues rose 18 percent to $19.82 billion. Total traffic acquisitions costs were 21 percent of revenues, the same as this quarter last year. Traffic acquisition costs to Google Network Members rose to $2.62 billion, 70 percent of revenues from Google Network Members. Meanwhile TAC to distribution partners rose to $1.56 billion, 10 percent of Google website revenues. "We do continue to expect ongoing gross margin pressure from higher TAC associated with mobile search and with programmatic," Porat said. "That does still result in more revenue and more gross profit dollars, but at a lower margin." Co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page changed Google's corporate structure last year, creating a collection of companies called Alphabet and naming Sundar Pichai head of Google. The move was praised for adding transparency between core businesses — such as search, Android and YouTube — and its more creative endeavors, "smaller bets in areas that might seem very speculative or even strange when compared to [Google's] current businesses." During the quarter, Google's revenues rose to $22.25 billion, while "other bets" revenue rose to $197 million, thanks to Nest, Fiber and Verily, Porat said. Google is second only to Facebook when it comes to 2016 display ad revenue worldwide, and is the leader of search ad spending, eMarketer estimates. And after search traffic on mobile surpassed desktop last year, ads followed suit, eMarketer estimates. About 59.5 percent of the company's net global ad revenues will come from mobile internet ads this year, up from about 45.8 percent in 2015, according to eMarketer. It's no coincidence, then, that Google has introduced new businesses this fall, including a house-designed mobile phone, Pixel. CEO Sundar Pichai highlighted Android's "open, horizontal, free" platform, which he said spurs innovation, during a conference call with investors. "The new devices are not only aimed at diversifying Google revenues but also at enriching Google's advertising targeting capabilities as consumers engage and share information with Pixel, Google Assistant, Daydream View, Chromecast and other Google ecosystem devices," eMarketer senior forecasting analyst Martín Utreras said in a statement. The company has also spent on key hires in priority areas like cloud, and in acquiring YouTube content.Still, the non-Google businesses have reportedly seen some setbacks, with high-profile departures, most recently from Google's fiber unit for high-speed connectivity. Porat highlighted Nest and self-driving cars, and said that they were focusing on Fiber's potential in light of other bets' "10x opportunities." "As we reach for moonshots that will have a big impact in the longer term, it's inevitable that there will be course corrections along the way, and that some efforts will be more successful than others," Porat said. "Over the past year, for example, you've seen us make progress and accelerate our efforts in some areas, while re-positioning or taking a pause in others. We are taking the steps necessary to lay the foundation for a stronger future." Google's Class A shares have risen more than 11 percent over the past year, amid a bullish response on Wall Street. Pichai highlighted the company's artificial intelligence vision. "We are very focused on our core mission, and we see a huge opportunity to do that in a unique way," Pichai said. "Refocusing the companies on the set of initiatives, recognizing that point of inflection, is what has really helped us focus on things … In terms of hardware, in our vision computing is becoming more and more integral, so to really think and evolve it, you need to think about software and hardware together." — CNBC's Ari Levy and Aaron Coleman contributed to this report. Disclosure: Canaccord Genuity or one or more of its affiliated companies is a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities of Alphabet or in any related derivatives This is breaking news. Please check back for updates. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Google Pixel lens flare fix incoming, Google promises By Brandon Russell | October 27, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Reviewers and consumers alike agree the Google Pixel has one of the best mobile cameras on the market. But one issue has slowly cropped up that’s marring the experience. Several users have noticed a distracting arc flare under certain lighting conditions, particularly bright light (it also happens in low light). A quick Google search surfaces a number of complaints and the number of reports continues to grow. We noticed this on our Pixel review unit in lowlight conditions where the outer rings of the photo were reddish and noisy. Fortunately, Google says it’s going to tweak its software algorithms to eliminate the issue. The update will arrive in a few weeks. Is no one else having this problem on the Pixel and Pixel XL? pic.twitter.com/weRr4gqMoy — Danny Winget (@superscientific) October 23, 2016 One Googler in the Pixel product forums explained how Google intends to fix it. We’re working on some algorithms that recognize the halo/arc flare, characterize it mathematically, and then subtract it from the image. You will need to use HDR+ to see the benefits of the software. Also, there is no point getting your device replaced thanks to this issue. The Pixel’s lens structure is very highly controlled—this means that all Pixels take high-quality images, but it also means all Pixels have the same flare characteristics. Is this just a nod to J.J. Abrams? When light hits the camera lens a certain way, flaring is to be expected. Heck, sometimes it’s even a style choice, as seen in movies directed by J.J. Abrams. But to such an extent is uncommon and it doesn’t look very good in most situations. If you’ve noticed excessive arc flaring while taking pictures with your Pixel, know that a fix is coming soon. Source Google Via AndroidPolice Topics #Google #Google Pixel Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Video Search Search Home Technology Internet Google to Demote Piracy Sites with New Search Algorithm The new algorithm will not only down rank those pirated pages, but also remove auto complete suggestions of those sites. Anirban Roy   October 21, 2014 15:24 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Google search engine algorithm modification has not been applied in India yetGoogle Search engine giant Google has declared to demote the websites with pirated content by decreasing their page ranking. For this, they have modified their older searching algorithm. The new algorithm will not only down rank those pages, but also remove auto complete suggestions of those sites. Why advertise with us? Google has explained that they will down rank the websites who has received a large number of notifications under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, a United States law to control the digital management right system. Google will also add new advertisement slots on its returns to promote the legal content providers like Beats music, Google Play or Spotify. A Google search for any artist will show all the results along with some buying or listening advertisements on the right pane. "We've now refined the signal in ways we expect to visibly affect the rankings of some of the most notorious sites," said Katherine Oyama, senior copyright policy counsel at Google. This move is actually an update of Google's search algorithm, originally published in 2012. The latest algorithm will be stricter with the content specific search results. Google has also mentioned they will make sure not to promote any pirates while taking any advertisement. Google said they have been testing how to provide genuine content results, when searched by token words like 'free', 'download' or 'torrent'. They have also mentioned to educate users about copyright infringement by removing some of their copyright violated videos from YouTube. But it will depend on how many copyright violation notice that particular video has got. Currently, the new search algorithm has only been rolled out to the US, and soon will be applied internationally. Google has launched a collaboration with Paramount Pictures to promote their upcoming film "Interstellar" through an interactive website. Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Editor's Pick Colombian President Juan Santos wins Nobel Peace Prize NIA to begin investigation into Handwara encounter today Why advertise with us? most popular Android 7.0 Nougat based MIUI 9 surfaces online Xiaomi is planning to roll out the Android 7.0 Nougat-based MIUI 9 operating system by the end of this year. Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon Festival Sale: Worst mistakes you would be doing and smart solutions to avoid it Guide on how to make a good purchase on E commerce Portals. Google Pixel and Pixel XL price in India revealed Google has announced that the Pixel and Pixel XL will be up for pre-orders in India on October 13. Airtel launches new affordable 4G Internet packs, extends 4G coverage to Gujarat circle Airtel, in a bid to counter Reliance Jio's free welcome offer, has launched new 4G internet packs in India. Reliance Jio buys more spectrum band across all 22 service regions With the acquisition of new spectrum bands, Reliance Jio users can expect reduction in call drops and a faster internet service. Apple iPhone 7 hits stores in India on October 7; price, specifications details Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is set to go on sale on October 7 evening at 7:00 pm in authorised stores in India. After Flipkart, Snapdeal to sell Apple iPhone 7 series in India, here's everything you need to know As part of promotional offers, Snapdeal is giving away huge cash discounts and exchange deals on the Apple iPhone 7 series. Top 10 smartphones you can buy during Flipkart Big Billion Days Xiaomi Mi 5, LeEco Le Max2 and Moto X Play, among several others, are available at huge discounts during the festive sales. Photo Gallery Durga Puja 2016: Quotes, WhatsApp, SMS, greetings to wish your loved ones Subho Sarodiya Durga Puja 2016: Quotes, WhatsApp, SMS, greetings to wish your loved ones Subho Sarodiya Air strikes in rebel-held Syria A recent escalation of the war has brought renewed air strikes on rebel-held areas. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 220 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google self-driving cars to hit the streets in more Phoenix-area cities Google is expanding its self-driving car program from Chandler to nearby areas of Phoenix, Mesa, Tempe and Gilbert.    Post to Facebook Google self-driving cars to hit the streets in more Phoenix-area cities Google is expanding its self-driving car program from Chandler to nearby areas of Phoenix, Mesa, Tempe and Gilbert.     Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2eRmz7s {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Google self-driving cars to hit the streets in more Phoenix-area cities Ryan Randazzo , The Republic | azcentral.com 2:33 p.m. MST October 27, 2016 Google is expanding its self-driving car program from Chandler to nearby areas of Phoenix, Mesa, Tempe and Gilbert. (Photo: Ben Moffat/The Republic) Story Highlights Google is expanding its self-driving cars to cities around Chandler The company is testing in Arizona and three other states The company also is building a large headquarters for the project in Chandler Google is expanding its self-driving car program from Chandler to nearby areas of Phoenix, Mesa, Tempe and Gilbert. The company, a subsidiary of Mountain View, Calif.-based Alphabet Inc., is testing its technology in Arizona as it prepares to offer cars that can drive themselves with no human guidance. For now, the Lexus SUVs and Google prototype cars driving in Arizona, Mountain View, Kirkland, Wash. and Austin, have drivers who can take control when needed and passengers who record how the cars handle tricky driving situations. "As we’ve driven through Chandler, we’ve experienced everything from extreme heat to watering trucks, five-stack traffic lights and our first haboobs," spokeswoman Lauren Barriere said. "It’s these unique experiences that brought us to the Valley in the first place, and it’s what’s helping our engineers improve our self-driving capabilities every day." She said the testing has already expanded to parts of the four nearby cities. "We appreciate the support and enthusiasm of the mayors of each of these cities, and we hope to learn more as we experience new roads in the Valley," she said. “As we’ve driven through Chandler, we’ve experienced everything from extreme heat to watering trucks, five-stack traffic lights and our first haboobs. It’s these unique experiences that brought us to the Valley in the first place, and it’s what’s helping our engineers improve our self-driving capabilities every day.”Google spokeswoman Lauren Barriere Google began mapping Chandler this year as it expanded its self-driving car program to Arizona. August was the start of autonomous testing in the city, using Lexus RX450h vehicles. The company reported about 54 self-driving cars on the roads in the four states as of Sept. 30, with about a dozen of them in Arizona. Arizona's operations are picking up though, with the company announcing a 39,000-square-foot operations center in Chandler that will be used for training and vehicle maintenance. The company is renovating the temporary space it has been occupying at 601 S. 54th St., where it will base its Arizona operations. Chandler Mayor Jay Tibshraeny announced the new facility Wednesday night during an economic update, and said Google has created a buzz in the city. “We are really excited that they showed interest in Chandler,” he said Thursday. “They could do the program part of it anywhere. They could have leased space anywhere. They picked Chandler we because we are at the forefront of technology.” The city’s economic development team helped Google identify the space they are renovating, he said. Google joins companies such as Intel Corp., Garmin, Orbital ATK, Fusionsoft, and Rogers Corp. in the city. “That reputation has helped us,” Tibshraeny said. The Google vehicles are finding that careless drivers are often more dangerous than weather or the quirks of autonomous technology. Three of the Google Lexus vehicles were involved in collisions in August in Chandler, including what it believed to be the first time a drunk driver crashed into one of Google's test cars. In two of the accidents, Google's drivers were manually operating the vehicles, and in the third, the Google vehicle was rear-ended while operating in autonomous mode, according to the company. The only accident so far caused by Google in autonomous mode was a widely publicized fender-bender this year in California when a Google car merged into a bus to avoid debris in its lane. MORE:  Republic reporter test drives a self-driving Tesla 220 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2eRmz7s TOP VIDEOS Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Coyotes not asking taxpayers to build an arena? Dare I believe it? Nov. 14, 2016, 12:06 p.m. Montini: Dear Trump backers – Please stop telling me you're not racist xenophobes Nov. 14, 2016, 12:01 p.m. Letter: Punish kids who leave class to protest Nov. 13, 2016, 11:34 p.m.
null
null
null
Skip navigation Home Products & Services AppSpider Metasploit Nexpose InsightIDR Data & Analytics Incident Response Security Strategy Information Security Overview Research Industry News Industry Events Internet Of Things Legislation & Policy Rapid7 News Overview Corporate News International New Hires Rapid7 Events Recruiting Leader Perspectives Discussions All AppSpider Metasploit Nexpose InsightIDR Blogs All AppSpider Metasploit Nexpose InsightIDR Information Security Rapid7 News Log in Register 0 SearchSearch SearchCancel Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page. All Places > Metasploit > Blog > Blog Posts Log in to create and rate content, and to follow, bookmark, and share content with other members. Not a member? Join Now! Pokemon Go, Security, and Obsolescence Blog Post created by Brent Cook on Oct 11, 2016 Like • Show 1 Like1 Comment • 13 Pokemon Go started it.   The crusty old house cell phone, which we had years ago ported from a genuine AT&T land line to a T-Mobile account, suddenly caught the attention of my middle son.   "Hey Dad, can I use that phone to catch Pokemon at the park?"   "Sure! Have fun, and don't come back until sundown!" A few minutes later, he had hunted down his first Pikachu, which apparently required running around the block in Texas summer heat a few times. Sweat-soaked but proud, he happily presented his prize. I could get used to this! The kids were getting out of the house, exploring the neighborhood, having fun, and I was getting a little peace and quiet. Then one day, Pokemon Go stopped working, stating that it did not support 'rooted' phones.   First some back story. Our 'house phone' role is generally filled by the most-working last-gen reject device that is too old to be useful as a daily driver, but too new to throw away. In this case, it was a Google Nexus 4. I have always preferred the Google phones over other third parties for a number of reasons:   They're cheap if you get the last generation (and sometimes the current). They usually lead the pack when it comes to software updates and hackability.   However, given the industry's appetite for quick turnarounds and obsolescence cycles, (and in spite of Google's generally good support) this phone is end-of-life, and has not received an official firmware update in over a year. In fact, this phone is the amalgamation of two Nexus 4's, combined into a frankenstein assemblage of the most-working screen, battery, and charging ports of the original pair.   Since it has been a year and a half since Google released a firmware for this phone, I had it running the next-best thing: Cyanogenmod 13, which backported Android 6 to this hardware. Now, this junker phone is up-to-date as much as the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) allows. But, there was now a show-stopper: you now can't run Pokemon Go on rooted phones using Cyanogenmod. Technically, there is a new set of hacks, but this is a cat-and-mouse game, but there comes a time in your life when you just want things to work. And they were already hooked.   Why did Niantic decide to impose this restriction after several months of unrestricted access? It comes down to cheaters. People were rooting their phones specifically to fake GPS coordinates to get rare Pokemon, grow eggs, etc. Since having root access is also required to install non-stock firmware, in this guilty-until-proven-innocent model, we basically get to choose between two possibilities: get up-to-date software but sacrifice the ability to run some applications, or run increasingly out-of-date 'official' software, for the sake of satisfying a DRM or anti-cheating scheme.   In the end, I decided that the stock firmware still allowed upgrading a lot of the key components via the Google's Play Store, the real core around which an increasing amount of the software in the Android ecosystem relies. Sure, I'm not getting the latest advances in encrypted filesystems, kernel hardening, or process isolation in the latest versions of Android, but it's a tradeoff. Maybe the phone will have died completely by the time the next exploitable bug in libstagefright rears its head.   But, maybe it already has.   It took over a year for enough of the moving parts for a reliable exploit for CVE-2015-3864, one of the 'StageFright' series of vulnerabilities, to come together within Metasploit. The exploit needed new payloads, new techniques, and a number of independent research projects to become useful outside of the proof-of-concept realm. In the end, it works very well, even better than the Metaphor exploit from earlier this year, and can be easily targeted to any vulnerable Nexus phone.   Ironically, the very openness of the Google Nexus ecosystem made porting the exploit to those firmware builds particularly easy. In contrast, Samsung firmware, which contains many proprietary additions to the base Android system, and is not open-source, is harder to target simply because it is harder to examine. In spite of this, it was still possible to target Samsung phones as well. Effectively, with enough effort, any firmware is exploitable. It is just a question of time.   When you think of exploits in the StageFright family, think of the vector: someone sends a special text message and take over a phone without anyone even reading it. You get an email, and without opening it, code is already executed on your device. It's a simple concept, but the fix is not nearly as straightforward.   Automatic parsing of metadata in media files is a commonly-researched and targeted vulnerability in many different products. Adobe flash has had nasty vulnerabilities in its MP3 metadata parsing code earlier this year. Apple iOS has been vulnerable a number of times to similar attacks. Just last month, similar vulnerabilities in Android's libutils library were found, which could be attacked in a similar way.   The exploit that we included in Metasploit for CVE-2015-3864 only targets one vector (web browser) and one file type (MP4 video files). However, there are many other vectors and file types that could also be exploited in the same family, that were discovered around the same time period as CVE-2015-3864. Not only that, but more vectors and file types have been found since the original round of StageFright branded vulnerabilities were hot in the news, and quietly patched.   Of course, none of these patches have made it into the official firmware for my Nexus 4. I even had to do a double-take in researching this article, since Wikipedia claimed Android 5.1.1 was last updated 2 months ago, while I knew the phone hadn't gotten an over-the-air update in some time. To really know if you're up-to-date, you have to look at the build number, Nexus 4 being on LMY48T while the latest is LMY49M. It's unlikely that the average consumer with a phone running Android '5.1.1' would be able to know difference between a vulnerable or up-to-date build number, much less the average business with a bring-your-own-device policy.   The choice between running the software you want, like Pokemon Go, and the quick road to obsolete devices in the Android ecosystem, at best forces users to make a choice between security and functionality. The theoretical exploit chains being patched this year can easily turn into next year's reliable Metasploit module.   Maybe it's time to bring back to a land line. Outcomes Visibility: Metasploit60191 Views Last modified on Oct 11, 2016 11:32 AM Tags:android Content tagged with androidncsam Content tagged with ncsampokemon Content tagged with pokemoncsam Content tagged with csamstagefright Content tagged with stagefrightncsam2016 Content tagged with ncsam2016csam2016 Content tagged with csam2016cybersecurity-awareness-month Content tagged with cybersecurity-awareness-month This content has been marked as final. Show 13 comments 13 Comments Name Email Address Website Address Name(Required) Email Address(Required, will not be published) Website Address browncoatdave Oct 11, 2016 5:11 PM Enjoyable read. Like • Show 1 Like1 Actions Soeren Hansen Oct 12, 2016 6:14 AM I'm wondering why the 'house phone' must be a smartphone? I would prefer the phone with the longest battery time which is typically not a smartphone. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions smaske Oct 12, 2016 7:40 AM General Chidlaw said it best (in 1954): "Simply put, it is possible to have convenience if you want to tolerate insecurity, but if you want security you must be prepared for inconvenience" Like • Show 1 Like1 Actions Dougas Dellinger Oct 12, 2016 8:02 AM Good info to have, Thanks. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions ironjack11 Oct 12, 2016 10:14 AM I still have a landline in my house... Sometimes old school is new school. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Brent Cook Oct 12, 2016 10:44 AM Re: why the smartphone: it's just what I had handy. The old Nokia's had since been recycled. Might try to find a 'modern' feature phone. Any suggestions?   We originally switched because the cell provider gave 1 year of free service, and only $5/month after that. Hard to beat when that barely covers the taxes and fees for a land line. If we want to go back to the land line though, apparently in our area it's now a VoIP/router-based thing. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions tdoan Oct 12, 2016 4:25 PM The banner is the best. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Zach Garrow Oct 17, 2016 1:48 PM We went through the pandemic of Pokemon Go taking over our enterprise and had to send out a communication on the risks it involves using the app on corporate devices. I'm just glad the phase is mostly over! Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Kyle Flaherty Oct 19, 2016 9:02 PM Brent Cook, loved this post, great story and information. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Westley Roberts Oct 27, 2016 3:00 PM Do phone manufactures publish EoL dates for Android phones?  Would be nice knowing the minimum years of security you're going to get out of it before you make a decision to buy one. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Aziz Hafid Nov 2, 2016 5:22 PM Useful information Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Lisa Gonzalez Nov 7, 2016 12:26 PM Good article! Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Andrew McDonald Nov 7, 2016 1:12 PM not surprising that surprising of news that a  product that became so popular did this. Like • Show 0 Likes0 Actions Related Content Retrieving data ... Recommended Content Rapid7 Releases New Research: The National Exposure Index How to use Nexpose as part of your internal PCI compliance program Whether Or Not SIEM Died, The Problems Remain Incident Detection and Investigation - How Math Helps But Is Not Enough Analytics By Any Other Name: New InsightIDR Detections Released Rapid7.com Legal Privacy Policy Disclosure Policy Export Notice Partner Center © 2016 Jive Software | Powered by Jive Software Home | Top of page | Help Jive Software Version: 2016.3.2.0, revision: 20161102170127.40d3611.release_2016.3.2
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents It’s official: Oracle will appeal its “fair use” loss against Google Case goes back to court that held APIs are copyrighted in the first place. by Joe Mullin - Oct 27, 2016 6:53 pm UTC Login to bookmark 230 The massive Oracle v. Google litigation has entered a new phase, as Oracle filed papers (PDF) yesterday saying it will appeal its loss on "fair use" grounds to the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. For a brief recap of the case: after Oracle purchased Sun Microsystems and acquired the rights to Java, it sued Google in 2010, saying that Google infringed copyrights and patents related to Java. The case went to trial in 2012. Oracle initially lost but had part of its case revived on appeal. The sole issue in the second trial was whether Google infringed the APIs in Java, which the appeals court held are copyrighted. In May, a jury found in Google's favor after a second trial, stating that Google's use of the APIs was protected by "fair use." Oracle's appeal is no surprise, but it will be a long shot. The four-factor "fair use" test is a fairly subjective one, and Oracle lawyers will have to argue that the jury's unanimous finding must be overturned. There are various ways a jury could arrive at the conclusion that Google was protected by fair use. Oracle's post-trial motions, which the district court judge rejected, indicate the tack it might try to take on appeal. It could focus on jury instructions that it viewed as improper, or Oracle could simply argue that the evidence presented at trial was so overwhelming that no reasonable jury could have found in Google's favor. The case will go back to the Federal Circuit, the same appeals court that decided APIs could be copyrighted in the first place. That decision overruled US District Judge William Alsup, the lower court judge, and was extremely controversial in the developer community. However, the same decision that insisted APIs can be copyrighted clearly held the door open to the idea that "fair use" might apply. Unless Oracle pulls off a stunning move on appeal, its massive legal expenditures in this case will be for naught. Expand full story Reader comments 230 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Joe Mullin / Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Maps > Manage Your Business Attributes In Google My Business Manage Your Business Attributes In Google My Business Oct 27, 2016 • 7:38 am | (5) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next Story Google My Business posted an update that says you can now manage your business attributes in the Google My Business dashboard. So if you've uploaded these attributes using the spreadsheet method, Google may ask you to verify and update them when you login to the dashboard. Google said: Edit attributes for your business using your bulk upload spreadsheet. Attributes include offerings like "Has Wi-Fi" and "Offers outdoor seating," which tell customers more about your business. Google added that the "next time you sign in to your account, you may have a lot of attributes to review. To easily review and edit large numbers of attributes for the first time:" In your dashboard, accept all Google updates related to attributes. Download your locations. Edit attributes in your spreadsheet as necessary. Upload your updated spreadsheet to your account. Once you've completed your initial review of your listings' attributes, you'll have far fewer attributes to review and edit from your dashboard during routine account maintenance. For more details, see this help document. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: October 26, 2016   Comments: Caleb Schmidt 10/27/2016 12:22 pm Yep. 57 locations with "resolve updates." Caleb Schmidt 10/27/2016 02:27 pm Had an attribute column give me an error when uploading. Talked to GMB support. Sounds like they have a few bugs to work out with this yet. The GMB support had me delete the attribute columns in error and upload the sheet again. The error is gone but it keeps asking me to respond to that attribute. Linda Buquet 10/27/2016 04:46 pm Hi Caleb, I escalated this to Google and shared the main thread at my forum and also a link to this discussion. I asked Google several questions and will report back when I get feedback I can share. Will explain in that forum thread since the OP has THOUSANDS of listings with problems. (GMB Problem: Thousands of Unforeseen/Unexpected "Resolve Updates") Linda Buquet 10/27/2016 05:56 pm In a Hangout with the G Product Managers for this update now. Will explain after I get off the call. Linda Buquet 10/28/2016 02:28 pm All better now Caleb. :-) blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Digital Point Forums How can I tell how much time I have left to become established? Best ad networks to AdSense to raise calories per click to $ 50 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
null
null
null
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / NEWSCYCLE Solutions Increases SalesLink CRM Capabilities with Google Maps Integration, Data Sharing Tools and Collaboration Features NEWSCYCLE Solutions Increases SalesLink CRM Capabilities with Google Maps Integration, Data Sharing Tools and Collaboration Features Posted on October 27, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer NEWSCYCLE’s SalesLink CRM 2016-3 includes a Shared Activity module, new dashboards and a comprehensive calendar for sales teams Bloomington, MN (PRWEB) October 27, 2016 NEWSCYCLE Solutions announces new features and functionality available in SalesLink CRM, NEWSCYCLE’S browser-based tool designed to simplify ad sales workflows, improve customer relationship management and help increase multichannel advertising revenue. SalesLink CRM 2016-3 provides collaboration tools and customizable dashboards for sales representatives to have real-time access to customer data, including advertising sales histories and financial information. With integration to Google Maps and popular calendar programs like Gmail and Microsoft Exchange, sales reps can directly access critical location and scheduling information. “The latest SalesLink release focuses on sharing data easily between sales reps and colleagues, enabling them to be more efficient and effective,” said Aubrey Medley, NEWCYCLE’s Product Manager for Marketing Solutions. “The new dashboards contain deep analytical customer account information and allow immediate access to data for sales reps to review before calling on a customer. Using the system’s Shared Activity tools, sales reps save valuable time and increase productivity by continuing to work with customers on-site while tasks associated with the account are completed back at the office.” SalesLink CRM 2016-3 features and enhancements include: Shared Activity To help sales teams with administrative tasks, sales reps can share access with colleagues to CRM activities like Tasks, Events and Opportunities. Sharing information allows users to simplify workflows based on business needs. Collaborators can assign and complete tasks, create proposals, schedule events and perform other activities while the sales rep stays in the field. Managers can set permissions to keep sensitive data confidential.         Customer Dashboard Sales reps can configure dashboards for an in-depth analysis of customer accounts. Account data, financial information and past advertising decisions are available for sales reps to work with advertisers and determine future advertising plans. Google and Google Maps Integration Leads and customer accounts are created in SalesLink using Google, enabling users to perform a single search and receive all data in one selection. The mobility of SalesLink CRM combined with Google Maps enables sales reps to easily navigate and transfer addresses to the native map application in mobile devices to receive turn-by-turn drive-to instructions. External Calendars SalesLink CRM 2016-3 includes a comprehensive external calendar (Microsoft Exchange and Gmail) for sales reps to have individual schedules, including CRM activities, in one place. Click to download the SalesLink 2016-3 datasheet. About NEWSCYCLE Solutions NEWSCYCLE develops and delivers software technology that empowers the global news media industry. Our solutions enable publishers to thrive in a rapidly transforming market. We help our clients in their mission to create stronger, better-informed communities while protecting the integrity of news, advertising and customer information. NEWSCYCLE is a trusted partner serving more than 750 media enterprises, including 1,200 companies with 8,000 properties across 45 countries on six continents. The company is headquartered in Bloomington, MN and has U.S. offices in Florida, Michigan and Utah; with international offices in Denmark, Germany, Malaysia, Sweden, and the United Kingdom; and satellite offices in Australia, Canada and Norway. For more information about NEWSCYCLE’s technology innovations for 2016, go to newscycle.com/innovations2016. Media Contact: Lisa Speth NEWSCYCLE Solutions Marketing Communications Manager lisa.speth(at)newscycle(dot)com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13802858.htm Latest News INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Supreme Industries Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of PAREXEL International Corporation Smiles in Atlanta Dentistry is Pleased to Invite Public to Holiday Happy Hour Integlia and University Orthopedics Break Ground on State-of-the-Art Medical Facility 360factors EHS Consulting Services Sponsor for WEDA Gulf Coast Meeting Maria Sendra Joins Greenberg Traurig, Breathing New Life into the Firm’s Corporate & Securities Practice in Silicon Valley INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Opus Bank and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Xerox Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm HREI Insights Awards™ Finalists Announced © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Tim Hasselbeck on the Patriots issues without Jamie Collins 11-14-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 Dale & Holley   Hall of Famer Michael Irvin with Dale, Holley and Thornton 11-11-16 Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg... Mookie Betts named best defensive player in baseball Latest Columns Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to... Why this World Series may be saving baseball Latest Audio Red Sox pitcher Joe Kelly with Mut & Bradford Alex Cora on John Farrell's managerial decisions and the Red... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they... by Christopher Price Latest Blog Posts Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like... Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium was pretty quiet Sunday... Latest Columns Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss... Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber Final NE 24 Sea 31 Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Seahawks conquer Gillette Stadium & the... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae... Fast Break: Isaiah Thomas, James Young lead way as Celtics... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @8:00 PM NO Bos Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week 5 Things We Learned in a strong finish to brutal week of... Latest Columns Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar October provides proof that Bruins can't trade Tuukka Rask Nov 17 Min Bos Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB Jose Abreu Opts Out of White Sox Contract: Latest Details,... Jeremy Hellickson Accepts Phillies' Qualifying Offer:... NFL Former Eagles Center Bill Lapham Dies at 82 Tom Brady Says He Won't Discuss Politics NBA Doug McDermott Injury: Updates on Bulls Forward's... NBA Trade Rumors: Latest on DeMarcus Cousins, Danilo... NHL NHL Power Rankings: B/R Experts' Week 6 Poll NHL Players with the Best Chances to Reach 100 Points in... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  OMF - What's wrong with the Patriots defense?11-14-16 K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL,... Bad defense and goal line stand lead to a Patriots loss... OMF - LeGarrette Blount recaps the a disappointing final... OMF - SNL passes up on comedy after the election 11-14-16 Popular Audio  Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton K&C - Tom Brady on the Seahawks loss, his injured knee and... Latest Podcast  K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL, Wanda,... Eagle Talk Episode 10 Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Rob Gronkowski not making excuses on final play Tom Brady says Patriots were too careless with the ball » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Enjoy Vegas for ONLY $25! 2 Nights at The Plaza... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests Bill Belichick Tom Brady New England Patrio.. NFL Super Bowl Seattle Seahawks Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>K&C Recap Show - Kirk & Gerry battle on-air, proper reaction to death wishes 10-27-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share K&C Recap Show - Kirk & Gerry battle on-air, proper reaction to death wishes 10-27-16 Oct 27, 2016| Ken & Curtis break down a Kirk & Callahan Thursday show with Trenni in for the second straight day. A memorable Kirk vs. Callahan bitch fest is featured. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Dream team calling October point seven cents Thursday trading cousin Derrick was in for date number two tickers Curtis is always in. Chris Curtis pulled off a miraculous stock of like contacting the Philadelphia city with double bird to Russell Westbrook. Not the sixers game last nights and how they'll get you all this guy's number. So Jerry is going to this diatribe about how everybody you know our new information I wanna know what's going with this. And so I figured I'd be WIP in Philadelphia's a very well known sports producer sugar area there has been apparent Philly for very long time. It's look at all audience the boys in the morning right there and so IA. Call their producer Calder studio line I speak with this producer he says that it's Richard Park Wednesday and he tells Busey neurologists. From Philadelphia. Easily doctor here or not. While ago are you sure you Boston ball is Israel because we can't putt from about one poll that's. So Phillies stuck and that's the story is more right slow so they were getting into this thought about it's I do a Google search of Richard Clarke away yet. Colleges I get to this day like compared vehement on the page between with a line and it's showing him double burg too Westbrook. And it's itself. It's I mean how many people in album sort of act as Richard our part going. And obviously those seats is zero point though would be some seats racked up some money going out stores opening night. So that we get there in that I'm trying to say are I don't like you know. Address phone number whatever so right I've been you know. His full name to Google search there is a fighter who works receive the tigris their personal home. With that one of the stories. Within the Google searches that cities from Moorestown hooters. So go to white pages open Richard how are away. Moorestown New Jersey you go wait pages I'd like pitch count that's on the try to get in touch with Keith Olbermann of these people because they'll private life with the current rent and paying. Anyways so it's like twenty bucks a month on an illness and excellent and so I go our expenses gym membership yet life I just can't actually so but politically it's elective. I I go on it and it comes up with they cellphone in the full report. So I just try to number. I got out talking to a mrs. relics seven it was before so I was like 645. I was listening. I was captivated you real yacht but we're gonna. And it's illegal the air right away right and so I'm just telling him hi this is is Chris person but he are you return our what are you won with middle fingers and knows. Of who was this you know it's a notice is Chris Curtis ability irony or Boston. Republican to speak with you man you know get assignments are Japanese like. Well I'm a physician and I don't feel comfortable talking about this. I said all right well you know just what happened last night like how is that your manifests itself. He starts talking amusement you know ID don't wanna get into this and I'm not a public figure of position and I don't wanna go on radio organize and it's OK and finally I can try to push him just that. We need to hear his side because they were killing a minister at the stupidest on your side of the story and he kept sort of hemming and hawing and I thought ours it's there it's like this you know bottom line. Man he said what when we get back to thirty kept calling back the third time we've talked to my associates for. Associate strict. So. I hang up very disappointed because those were once again live on the phone by its very rarely. But. He seemed engaged elements like text him. Shortly after saying here's off line. Or ready whenever you largest three minutes and he sent a text saying. I haven't heard back my associates yet it was provoked. Nine video approve any sense VOA to Twitter. With video of Russell Westbrook basically standing in front of them. And looks like maybe sing fought that out. You know the fans he BI and yes they can say whatever they want. Any thought that this was the evidence this would have been excellent with the guys they would have to horror in him too sure what he gained some respect for you. You settle what you were Arnold story I think Chris Curtis as usual cracked the case on who you this west north lives on him much of the but they really are. Oh well you rescinded that later acquitted yet one out the storage that you were working hard court anyway. But yeah so. He ended up getting back to reroute a quarter rate saying. But I'm not able to do because my associates when it's so those frustrating but it was good to talk to room you know we skipped a close bottom. It helped his business silly ball place in and out of my caller communities come down a bit. That was a first the show we were kind of feeling our way through World Series thought gallery ratings late game finish in the Philly fans story we got into an analyst with. Newt Gingrich and date Kelly. By the way congratulations. And who went last night that was an amazing. You can. Which a rake her Ruth. And that's story at. Some 45. We had been no can tease to from yesterday that real sports with Bryant Gumbel did feature on it. So we had a little to sound there I thought from the air the show started to pick up to be honest with the last two hours for better the first to today. Absolutely I think that that was. That's a topic that Terry love's the past you know that the curt Terry tried at all you know you can't read this story by Fowler the Charlotte Observer on recruits family. On this song the victim in this. The mother and a the girlfriend and her family and you can't just read that story and not be captivated by it it's unbelievable amount of can go to they have to forgive this. Monster there issue again there is the most evil man to ever play in the NFL some real competition on true yeah so was good it was back got them into that I think. 8 o'clock things are turning around I think they're the break your story that came out on the more report right at the ability to collect our starting at 9 o'clock hour yet. Was a big thing because that's right up the rally it's a story that we were all over at the time. Pan. You know and mortenson rightfully was killed here so I got back into the workplace violence and it's up to threats of who it was carcass on the story Jack Kirk I don't know he sensibly fodder he found on Twitter Brooke it was eighteen minutes all bottom line by printed so it was post also just add post via. That brings up. All along holds. Ceilings in this market course played a lot of Neal Boortz sound. Eleven out of twelve ball discovered the B under inflated. Had callers calling in. Trying to get back down the worm hole to flee gain in the wells report and everything to caucus for two years one I don't want to go back so. That's a fresh take on little story. That Spiegel for us but the tourists and out media people can we status. We just say when at 8 o'clock a patriots. This has been kind of an eternal debate as a whole lot captivated with pats right now in terms of it's just there's not a counterargument for one stuff patriots are rolling there's not a lot of trauma there's not a lot of negativity was team which is a greater teachers tenure long life but now. But for the talk radio does she won a little bit of back and forth. So we and I thought we had a good segment and eight senator on the patriots there was more so because Kirk Jerry get into up. I would say it's that the subtle asked for a while great. You get two balls up disaster this was a good back and forth the that was petty we got to the paychecks yeah. Jerry may I make more money and you talk to leave no sense at all until I actually do like your check and it's embarrassing to get into balls and asses and now I'll have a friend that it's hard to Kirk's you know. Insult restaurants yes slurping and Robbie things that you did little. Leo I sit a little circuit Jerry go back and forth this visit panel while yeah yeah livelier gauged it was good it was trending up to penetrate she does editing. Even so I'm enjoying this it's entertaining this is wildly entertaining and so. I thought it was that was good and I think that the big big bear is that. Debris that's why it really killed a sick or upload got hurt when you think about story lines is a problem finishes those four games and continued on his path. Even ovaries playing great you could still have some sort of discussion about grow up yeah and Kirk would still be on an island you know would be kind of fun to go back and forth but even when they get into those QB QB debate to the best Ingrid in my opinion. What would people. Well yeah and not to the put it back the original question. We come to an agreement in the last one for you Google patriots not just the sake of it's a huge discussion people rich that the patriots it's a big talker in general so it's finally copped some ways to talk about. That's segment Carrie ozone based on the tells Kurt Jerry just their natural chemistry. But as a listener you wanna hear more pats to ship. I just just the segment to hear their work. Whatever the top. Does anything to a team I love Iowa that's like I would I would before I just think. It has to be done properly yeah. We I need to really defied the right story with with with some sort of hole into that gets them going because if we just to pat stock to do pats talk yet. I'd rather than talk about something else whenever something feels forced. I I lose my engagement Visio but if it's decent sports decent that's sort. I think it works at the listeners crave it I think people as the evidence is showing us that. Patriots related talker guests are big hit with listeners no matter. For instance today. The patriots news so to speak was Dion Lewis not. Practice when it was appearance that he liked so he could not a jump off from that to OK here's another weapon that it miked backs him up like a ticket out for. On other patriots talker. Possibly right now. Was the Rex Ryan's stuff he talked yesterday Brady talked it was a little back and forth but it was not that looking alleged new active summaries he looks decent so he could. Talk about Rex Ryan bills in the revenge factor but again that's not. So it's gonna lead frontpage it's. I throughout Kirk. Mean who talked about it Jeff parliament's book there was some past conflict between Aaron Rodgers or Favre that came out that book about Favre. It's night and Jimmy drop blow a robbery there was dust spots early that those guys to like each other but it's dale is their rift with you and Jimmy drop below. You could say it looks like creatures like you say you got the you don't foresee there. An updated it was a final it's. I agree I think it was I think the reason this success was because. Of the sort of personal back and forth for Terry Kirk but. I do think it's something that we should try to do more often that we should present them more times you know hey here's the pats topic. Can we get something out of this because people say they want more sports stock okay. What today want what's the talk to. Right today was the biggest sports talker from anywhere last night was the middle finger print until I think it was yeah or the cubs winning a game. First World Series went for awhile he can maybe tied into the Red Sox in 04. You know it's again it's that's gonna bore a lot deeper I think that more people can he can relate to being Mexican drug Cassel turns out to be urologist right at the basket there and it's Danica and it's for comic. It was a horrible marriage and an awesome basement. Which I cap. So it's a pretty good trade if you don't leave my story you can you can look on her website I (%expletive) the help dot com and can't you know. I think. This comes I think next week if the score six or seven World Series that'll be a talker the game's going to be it'll be higher history of World Series easily in ten years fifteen years ago seven. And I think people in this market of the numbers have shown our people here watching it during to a look and it'll be big especially if it's the cubs precipice in game seven people heroes comparisons reaction pork bellies the real for a such as the current cubs. Oh for its arts disagree. All for it sucks because you had you went through yankees down 30 how cereal for its and I do agree solicit the sick but we did disagree report. That's funny so that's your discussion show OK so it's got to take a flight for the cubs are more like Lotto than longer it's a notable. Well money tumor waited on the first and now let's hope we do you played and we didn't play that part no it and yeah it's the curse is back again analysts like what curses. Here's the curse again. He's a gift but I also think these are my head now is every morning I get and we talked about what I've heard from from ramadi. Ever you will we knew that the you know that the did Cleveland had to give it a couple of these early games because. The pitching staffs are just totally different. With the cubs they got a lot more better starters. Indians. Their. Their bullpen is good but you know. Can use Andrew Miller when you're behind so it did state they really have to get their points on the ports on the border early two's. I think that I've heard you know three new fresh things that are number everything's. As Kirk points you can listen to him. All day on everything be fair does the interest not as he does he goes and in emails he loves talking Michigan once a show he'll bring in Michigan football there's an embassy there. He looks like that everything else is pretty. As for trendy today. She put up a little resistance little fake resistance to the blue topics Megyn Kelly's boots and hard about making Kelly's breasts not really but I mean now we're here for which was discussed on how works or what listening Italy on which there is an old enemy resilient group report from today yet noticed when it. To look at. Due to begin implants. Mean I don't think so it was a real breasts yeah. These aerial idyllic safely while you know it's funny tonight at regular SE cup are you ask you mark my husband calls and killer bees. So weak some audio circulating it made Kelly should become addicts start out old Newt Gingrich while Toyota year. Yep the eighty ditzy Kelli wrap up. Telling Kelly. So this is one of those topics OK we've got a female poston. Is training able to hand when they talk about. Attractiveness of a female in the industry. She's like generally want to we needed to which it was fun. She's I think she's willing to talk about. But she got hot finishing our president after G plus does Jack down Smart. I think that was everybody agreed opportunity that it was betraying nothing's off limits mean she's right. She's been engaged he's been into it I haven't felt that she does. Try to dance away from things I do enjoy it because it's it's voluntary Kurt it's the callers but the ticker up I go back to Alexis. Debt beyond the woman with a yacht club pro store them on and there's a caller mark today epic as they once who is just going after. But I can't put words in my mouth Mike that's fine. Where. Economy should call the vagaries myself when I was fourteen years old comic dog got it sounds like I am I thought my sports is probably exasperated. And she's talking over it like it is she gets that back pretty good that the callers in the collar sir you know that was a pretty good ought to put that seed it would sort of be okay whatever. She she she expected callers but we had some lately to tangling in the first two hours. It might have sparked just carried showed different weight training. Who just kind of was she was good I thought the last two hours reacting. To different subject matter the religion for awhile. So ago for that probably my allegiance of the Indy thing so into dozens of major five religion so but the five and a half. One of the great religions. Another religion be great it. This is Obama's fault physical more than one great. Set off Jerry yeah. She rolls of that fine and and bought in the can happen to be deep it was quite the commander there yet. Yeah but I liked the first couple hours of training nothing at dynamic. Second two hours she was tells exploration you roll bounce back nick it was those religion banging you know we're dual goal of the callers talked. Yes and imports and stuff so those guys. And I think the mortenson thing is is great obviously the showed a lot of media stuff anyway via but I think. Morton's and just to go back it's it's ironic that the story came out today. On the same day that my friend the dog Cooper throwing guide and Philly was this close to coming on so I would put mortenson. Last summer from to come on and discuss these deflected pass. And August the fifteenth so that's about this past four. And he was gonna come ought to talk about addressed the situation about the footballs and morning that you're teasing in there and all this was at 940. Or 930 like right at the tail end of the day prior he said I can do seven hammer whatever Tamar. So why tell the guys they promoted at the end of the show were tweeting the hell out of it obviously this would be his first my parents yeah Austin. And then and so. Every shows mentioning any more it's going to be on at the confirmation in my text. And I wake up to email saying. I can't do it you not you will not use meat to drum up business for your show. Many reporters had said far worse than I did hopefully Tom Brady's vindicated when he is all talk don't call. And Alice's bill writes but he said in the of course the next morning it was this also reported that you know to Mike Florio at pro football. They're beautiful and as you should look at it he got pretty well. Ridicule from that but the idea so that was a bill that would have been a great debt in mortenson talked about that wasn't Girardi later came on and that's the is that correct. Months later. That work I think that might have been during the Super Bowl the next year I don't know when that was but it was a while ago. Kiki molester and Jimmy Fund this year in U four he asked the bottom but he deleted you don't back down that path Odyssey steal want a serious health stuff so. Right I just the other foot what was that the UN on the airs on radio stations of the Kraft apologized to him right. I've had all scraps Robert Kraft and garlic grip on the and apologized work. Just believe this thing has gone down. Jerry Kirk has returned pitcher basis last update members of the patriots and they responded not happened it happened not true. Sort of retreat that method of extort mourns and be able vessel portly I don't obviously Jewish author of the best health wise but. I hate when people fall back on the ocean when it you know my family in this sport you (%expletive) up the story. All it. If you just about has Kirk's and if you just come on with us and said listen I trusted my can easily been impeccable with before. He used me because he needs the patriots or whatever his motives were. I was party. It's been deleted moved it would have been done. Sort it we will let you looking through hoops you know heeded c'mon fall on the sword does. On the ground and stuff I mean that. We still master of I did well. Easter food and over your right I mean I do love Kirk now. Kirk got Twitter and a computer that tweets and that is probably alive. I thought that it. It's a Peter get no respect for Kurt spike like he got a lot of respect but he's now. I think he's the Portland by some. Doctors agree it's. Just coming on the show as mr. seem accurate station there on the part of the more conversation about death it's. To end like yesterday can you tell fall behind the scenes story of the Kirk in as the Dennis count death threat as reported by Chris Curtis which cause. Security presence in the building. The jury hates me now getting used to. So like what it would hates when I got back here that the first all you when you left the first meeting it no I mean as far as like it's a real well. And now this whatever it in the Jerry you're the most is when it's been. Mean you know feels good one on Damascus then got some opus sickens. But one condom with some other producers probably also stupid for the different hats to open mr. curses don't frisk you that idea that second glass of Chardonnay. And rubbing alcohol. Telephone camera work. And so when when this happened so I kept getting phone calls from this guy who's. (%expletive) view this park and killed viewed Buddha emails he. I calls and all your personal note to tax calls to Albany annoyed by a text her. And during the shortest person poll numbers report news. And it's just kept happen like he kept calling reports. Kevin reported a boss the oral bought him a lot happier single analyst Mary so the company that runs security year. Like that cracks wanted to set motivated personal answers yes but not squad. Had to bring an extra security collars and like monitoring things and we had to wait for all cleared to leave the station. So I mean this is a little convoluted basically after the show right but this was its. Hi it's sort of call all about peculiar. How awful calls coming out when they kept calling sort of kept calling. It every time you beat that ceilings ago I don't (%expletive) you Q do. And that I just would see the number three. Basically the couple. Laws on. Anyways so. We on the show we have to wait like thirty minutes office before he says we can leave because it was common charts to protect their loyalties. Jerry's. Leave out press you know like you know all the girl I. Overreacted by. I was I had the best interest at heart I thought that this was gonna protect them the guys so much and god knows where it was but he did. He seems to use specifically not only are Michelle and Matilda killed partner area. Italy causes. Were carting your old apparently thirty minutes for Jerry. As he does you know. Oh. A he does he's a big deal. All is not a big Kurtz of the well. That'll. Like he cares you know did you Kirk Cameron to appreciating his apology that. It's not a conversation yesterday it's that it knows that. In. I was serious shows the testers podcast. Today. They're bitching about. Certain stories we should have had similar. In the morning right. But they'll exit mourns historian break until later. So. I don't know what shall it maybe to Megyn Kelly boot stuff should have. Earlier in the program we had a pretty early we had a by headlines we just get to. I mean. It's stuff there's honest there's a lot of finger on the pulse stories but some of you don't have mauled opera for 6 AM yeah I feel like I don't know what it is laughter Q4 106. Especially on these Wednesday Thursday shows what is not a big Dick Dell brown pat stories on you know it's. Figuring out you know has curtain at what's stored what are we gonna do yeah. Having one or two things are it is definitely something I should be. Hang in there or more days we go to our. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they [..] FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good [..] + Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to [..] FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an [..] + Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to [..] - Mike Petraglia11/14/16 02:59 am EST Loss shows Pats' D not close to championship caliber FOXBORO - If Sunday night taught us anything about these Patriots, they have a lot of [..] + Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Rob Bradford11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason [..] He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long [..] - Ryan Hannable11/11/16 08:20 am EST Patriots perfect match for long snapper, U.S. Navy member Joe Cardona FOXBORO -- Joe Cardona knew the NFL wasn't a guarantee. Cardona was a long snapper as [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 03:47 pm EST Danny Amendola on OM&F: Patriots-Seahawks had playoff-like atmosphere Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola checked in with Ordway, Merloni &#38; [..] + Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most [..] - Full Count11/14/16 02:21 pm EST Source: Red Sox among most aggressive in pursuit of Greg Holland The Red Sox recognize Greg Holland might be a really good fit. But they also [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 02:15 pm EST Pete Carroll says Gillette Stadium was pretty quiet Sunday night: ‘It’s because they’re so used to winning’ Pete Carroll came away from his first Gillette Stadium experience profoundly [..] + Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named [..] - Big Bad Blog11/14/16 01:50 pm EST Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask's near perfect season continued on Sunday night [..] + Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering [..] - Green Street11/14/16 01:49 pm EST Celtics reportedly considering dealing Avery Bradley, Jae Crowder if it means Klay Thompson in return The Celtics and Warriors might be looking to celebrate their meeting this [..] + It Is What It Is11/14/16 01:26 pm EST Patriots-Jets game later this [..] - It Is What It Is11/14/16 01:26 pm EST Patriots-Jets game later this month flexed out of prime time The Patriots-Jets game that was initially scheduled for Nov. 27 at 8:30 p.m. in [..] + Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason priority He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs [..] - Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to change Welcome to the rest of your lives, Cubs fans. They'll never be the same. That euphoria you're [..] + Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Patriots11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they search for answers on defense FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good offense. [..] + Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Patriots 11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to Seahawks FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an easy [..] + Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
66° High: 69°   Low: 51° Tue Wed Thu Fri Log in     Register Home News Top Stories Recent News Obituaries School documents Special Publications Town Square Blogs Meet our Bloggers Most Recent Posts A&E Features and Reviews Calendar Movies Restaurants Sports Sports Headlines Scoreboard Calendar Athlete of the Week Sports Photos Sports Videos Real Estate Print Edition Current Edition Archives Special Publications Promotions & Contests Classifieds Shop Visit Join Support Local Journalism Promotions & Contests Contact Submit News Tip/Photo Submit Calendar Item Sign up for Express Contact Info Delivery & Subscription Services News 40 Uploaded: Thu, Oct 27, 2016, 9:57 am As Google Fiber withdraws, Palo Alto rethinks its broadband plan City considers 'wireless fiber' as one possible model for bringing ultra-high-speed Internet to residents by Gennady Sheyner / Palo Alto Weekly / free articles read. Subscribe for unlimited access Read FAQ When Google announced this week its decision to pull the plug on its plans to install fiber networks in various Silicon Valley cities, the news was disappointing but not surprising for Palo Alto officials. The city has been talking about bringing ultra-high-speed Internet to the masses for nearly two decades and, most recently, it has been looking at Google Fiber as one of the more promising options for achieving this goal. Now, with Google deciding to halt its negotiations with “potential Fiber cities,” including Palo Alto, Mountain View and San Jose, city officials are preparing for another change of direction in their long journey toward high-speed Internet -- one that may rely less on fiber and more on wireless technology. The City Council will consider its next steps on fiber on Dec. 5. Jonathan Reichental, the city's chief information officer, told the Weekly that Google's decision to halt the decision wasn't much of a shock. The city has been hearing about the company's setbacks in the area for several months and it has been preparing for the announcement, which came Tuesday by virtue of a blog post from Craig Barratt, who until recently served as senior vice president at Alphabet, Google's parent company. In the post, Barratt wrote that the company has “refined” its plan for delivering superfast Internet, a move that will have “immediate implications” for the current efforts. For most of the company's “potential Fiber cities” (a group that also includes Portland, Tampa and Phoenix), the company has decided to “pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches,” Barratt wrote. “We’re ever grateful to these cities for their ongoing partnership and patience, and we’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions,” Barratt wrote. “In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base.” Even before the post, Reichental said, the city saw the “writing on the wall” thanks to delays and growing expenses. The city had been looking forward to having Google offer its services to residents and its withdrawal will lead to “a few days of reflection over our disappointment.” And while the move could cause the city to look at new service models, it will not change the overriding objective of bringing ultra-high-speed Internet to the masses. “The bottom line is, this will serve as a trigger for further innovation,” Reichental told the Weekly. “No one has lost interest in high-speed Internet.” One promising model, Reichental said, is one referred to as “wireless fiber,” a model that incumbent Internet providers and experts in the field are increasingly looking at. This could mean bringing a fiber “backhaul” to blocks throughout the city and then installing wireless technology to give ultra-high-speed Internet to every home. That's expected to be one of the options that the council will look at during its December meeting. Reichental also noted that even while Google has retreated from Palo Alto, other providers are still on pace to unveil their own ultra-high-speed Internet services over the next year. AT&T has a pending application for permits to launch its own service, AT&T Fiber (formerly known as GigaPower). The cable giant Comcast is also pursuing a gigabit-per-second service, an endeavor that will benefit from the fact that it will not have to install and new cables. Comcast's technology, known as DOCSIS, will allow the company to provide gigabit service through existing cables, Reichental said. “In 2017, we should see permits and services becoming available across the city,” Reichental said. It remains to be seen, however, what role Palo Alto's existing 41-mile “dark fiber” ring will play a role in the new world of gigabit service. In the past, city officials have viewed the small but profitable network, which serves dozens of mostly commercial customers, as the logical launching point for a citywide system. Over the past few years, however, officials have been cautious about having the city both build and operate a citywide fiber network. Instead, they directed staff last fall to explore a possible partnership with a private-sector provider who would manage the city-owned system. This story contains 716 words. If you are a paid subscriber, check to make sure you have logged in. Otherwise our system cannot recognize you as having full free access to our site. If you are a paid print subscriber and haven't yet set up an online account, click here to get your online account activated. Comments 2 people like this Posted by resident a resident of South of Midtown on Oct 27, 2016 at 12:30 pm When the city was undergrounding the utility lines (electricity, telephone, cable TV), each homeowner had to pay $10,000 or more to connect the new underground lines to their homes. That's what private contractors were charging to dig a trench from the city connection to your home and install the cables and more complex installations could cost a lot more. Google Fiber may be fun to have, but I'm not paying another $10,000 to install it. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       12 people like this Posted by Midtown Resident a resident of Midtown on Oct 27, 2016 at 12:35 pm Hi-speed internet access is essential for every citizen, not just commercial entities. The existing "dark-fiber" ring should be expanded immediately to give fair and complete access to hi-speed internet for every citizen as part of Palo Alto utilities, and it should be maintained as an important City service. Comcast and ATT are notorious for their poor service and high cost. The essential components of the system are access for every citizen, speed, dependibility, maintenance, security, and cost. A wifi component sounds like a security risk to me; does anyone know more about this facet of supplying City-wide internet? Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       19 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 27, 2016 at 12:49 pm Google has determined that building fiber networks is a money losing prospect. Google knows about internet services. Google knows a lot about internet services. The City of Palo Alto knows basically nothing about internet services. It has, for example, struggled for years to achieve a working, coherent city website. It still struggles. Question: how much taxpayer money will city hall pour into this thoroughly-certified money rathole? Should we let city hall pour any taxpayer money into this thoroughly-certified money rathole? Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       21 people like this Posted by anon a resident of Duveneck/St. Francis on Oct 27, 2016 at 1:16 pm We need competition! The Comcast monopoly has a stranglehold in our neighborhoods as there are no real options. :( Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       3 people like this Posted by Fiber is Dead a resident of Midtown on Oct 27, 2016 at 1:20 pm Fiber is Dead is a registered user. Today, Google laid off more employees--130 this time-- who worked in their fiber optics dept. Google will only comment that their are more options to choose from, while not naming those options. Do no evil, indeed Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       5 people like this Posted by resident a resident of South of Midtown on Oct 27, 2016 at 2:23 pm The people that Google laid off were reportedly fiber optics installers, not the engineers you see strolling around Mountain View. Google has bought a couple of wireless high-speed internet companies recently, so presumably that is what they mean by "options". Is Google's wireless internet more or less secure than the Comcast's shared cable or the LTE internet used by smartphones? Someone smarter than me needs to figure that out. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       1 person likes this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 27, 2016 at 3:42 pm "We need competition! The Comcast monopoly has a stranglehold in our neighborhoods as there are no real options. :( " So why doesn't a group of local Silicon Valley entrepreneurs start an FTTH startup, raise capital, string up the town, and rake in the profits? Easy to answer. They know they will lose money. Instead, our fiber advocates pressure city hall to buy them their toy, paid for by the taxpayers. No way, gang. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       12 people like this Posted by JoAnn a resident of another community on Oct 27, 2016 at 4:46 pm Various useless city councils have been dithering and dawdling over this questions for at least 15 years. A group of engineer and internet professionals proposed fiber to the home. The council dithered a while and then gave us -- fiber to some businesses. Thanks a bunch. By now we could have had an established fiber network and licensed different content providers to use it. But no, we have to deal with the monopolists who set up the system we're stuck with now. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       1 person likes this Posted by NoMoPa a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 27, 2016 at 4:57 pm @Curmudgeon "So why doesn't a group of local Silicon Valley entrepreneurs" Because there is no be profit to be made doing it. I think Google has shown that to be the case. But one of the reasons is that the market is currently controlled by a duopoly (monopoly if we are talking true high speed internet) that the government helped create, so it is not crazy to think that we might need the government to step in to get some competition going. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by clearly doesn't work a resident of Duveneck/St. Francis on Oct 27, 2016 at 5:06 pm Whatever the technical angle, it clearly doesn't work. I admit I don't KNOW the real story, but I am curious. The executive in charge of this costly department at Google is stepping down but is permitted to skate, of course, as he will be an "adviser" to Larry Page. Pays to have friends in high places. Meanwhile, while we consumers certainly need competition for our dollar, we don't have that and we also don't want to pay huge fees for what might be an outmoded or unworkable or unsustainable technology. Im not sure what the solution is, but I was always concerned about Palo Alto contracting with Google for the fiber. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       13 people like this Posted by Are you kidding? a resident of Fairmeadow on Oct 27, 2016 at 5:23 pm "City considers 'wireless fiber' as one possible model for bringing ultra-high-speed Internet to residents." Are you kidding? Remember that Verizon was sued for putting up a simple cellular tower at the Palo Alto Little League? This city is so full of luddites that wireless fiber will never take off. You just wait and see. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       6 people like this Posted by Midlander a resident of Midtown on Oct 27, 2016 at 6:11 pm Midlander is a registered user. Dear City, please help and facilitate AT&T in moving their fiber proposal forward. Please don't dream up odd requirements or impose random obstacles! Yes, the city may eventually decide to do something. Fine. In the mean time, please enable as many commercial vendors as possible to provide competing high speed services! I'd like to see fiber and right now AT&T look like the best bet. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       3 people like this Posted by radiaon difference a resident of Downtown North on Oct 27, 2016 at 6:52 pm We need to push for Fiber to the home. Dirty secret WI-FI inside the one's house has 100 times more radiation from cell antennas. yes, turn off your routers at night. WI-FI is a great technology, very cheap for the companies. It will continue to grow with the INTERNET OF THINGS. but if no other way keep using copper and RG45 Ethernet CAT5E inside the house Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by chris a resident of University South on Oct 27, 2016 at 10:05 pm If we are happy with our current internet speed, why invest tens of millions of dollars in infrastructure? Any additional competition to Comcast and AT&T would be more than offset by paying off the infrastructure investment. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 27, 2016 at 10:20 pm "...so it is not crazy to think that we might need the government to step in to get some competition going." Since when does can-do Silicon Valley need socialism? I bet city hall would welcome a bona fide proposal by a credible Silicon Valley startup to string the town at zero risk to taxpayers. Get off your keyboard and get going. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       3 people like this Posted by neighbor a resident of Leland Manor/Garland Drive on Oct 28, 2016 at 6:53 am I paid $7,000.00 in 1997 to have the phone, cable & electric wiring put underground because the city of Palo Alto was preparing for wireless. If I did not do it, the city would do it on my property & I would be stuck with that bill. I am paying Comcast $101.13/month for Basic cable & internet. Not only "richies" live in Palo Alto. Some of us are on fixed income & rely on the internet to connect us to our children & grandchildren. Palo Alto's lack of interest in Palo Altans other than "richies" is tantamount to discrimination. Will Palo Alto every repair/replace the underground pipes, will Palo Alto ever fix pot-holes, will Palo Alto ever stop paying top $$$ to mgmt. and then blame union workers for their financial problems? Will Palo alto ever get its head on straight???? Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       9 people like this Posted by Reader a resident of another community on Oct 28, 2016 at 9:07 am @chris (resident of University South) wrote: "If we are happy with our current internet speed, why invest tens of millions of dollars in infrastructure?" Because you don't speak for the entire community. Also, Internet usage will increase over time, for things like streaming 4K video. In the same way, it is reasonable to assume that California (and the local area's) population will continue to increase. That results in making some timely upgrades to other infrastructure, like roads, schools, public transit, bike lanes, water mains, utility lines, parking, etc. It's not just about you and your own little bubble, I'm afraid to say. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Resident a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 28, 2016 at 11:03 am Can't speak about the rest of the country, but European internet choices and better speeds are much better than the Bay Area. Incredible! Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       3 people like this Posted by NoMoPa a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 28, 2016 at 12:23 pm @chris - The question isn't whether you are happy with your speed today, it is will you still be happy with it in the next few years as bandwidth intensive services expand. I was really happy when 56k modems came out, seemed super fast at the time, but if we froze technology at the point I'd be very unhappy now. And it isn't just about speed, it is about creating a competitive environment to keep Comcast and AT&T honest. We've seen in areas where fiber has been rolled out), cable and telcos have immediately responded by lowering prices, and offering much higher speeds. So even if you are happy now, there could be even more potential happiness for you. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 28, 2016 at 1:02 pm "Internet usage will increase over time, for things like streaming 4K video." Has anybody approached Netflix about fibering up the town? Seems they'd benefit the most from it, given that the rationalization for fiber has devolved from enhanced productivity to high-def entertainment. Maybe they would invest in the PAFTTH startup that some aspiring local Silicon Valley billionaire ought to create. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Nayeli a resident of Midtown on Oct 28, 2016 at 6:13 pm Our Comcast bill seems to go up several times a year. Unfortunately, there just isn't much of an option. AT&T is available at our place, but their speeds are hardly "high speed." In fact, the phone rep claimed that the city was the reason why they couldn't offer fast speeds. I had hoped that the availability of Google Fiber would cause Comcast to reciprocate in regard to pricing. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Ray a resident of Barron Park on Oct 28, 2016 at 9:56 pm I'be been a slave to comcast for way too long. are there other option to this monopoly company? sonic.net? I don't know of any others. Willing to try to try anything at this point. Why should I have to wait 6 minutes for my internet to go live just because my other neighbors are streaming videos at peak times? We are in the heart of silly-con valley...should be getting the best service in the world but having to deal with the lamest company in the world! Just my humble opinion Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Anonymous a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 29, 2016 at 10:05 am Pulling fiber is expensive. Either there's a dense set of paying customers or a third party which offsets the costs to make it pay off. It's better to pull fiber to concentrators and use some other technology for the last segment. AT&T is using bonded aDSL. It could be coax. It could be point-to-point wireless. Google Fiber has to figure this out to be economically viable. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Jeff Hoel a resident of Midtown on Oct 29, 2016 at 4:36 pm @resident (10-27-16, 12:30) -- None (or practically none) of what you paid for undergrounding was for fiber. At the 01-13-16 UAC meeting, Web Link undergrounding costs were discussed and the homeowner's share was said to be about $5,000. On average, I guess. See page 34 here: Web Link This 01-06-10 staff report says the same. Web Link Do you know what your undergrounding district number is? When undergrounding district 41 (boundaries shown here) Web Link was put in, extra conduit for future fiber running down the street was put in, and homeowners had the option of putting in extra conduit for future fiber from the street to the home. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Paco a resident of Old Palo Alto on Oct 29, 2016 at 5:17 pm Why not enlist the expertise of Al Gore who proudly claims he invented the Internet. Seems like he is available as he is always in town collecting donations and hobnobbing with city council and local politicians for his many "charitable" projects. If anybody knows about high speed internet it would be Al. Sounds like a win win proposition for everybody! Problem solved! Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       3 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 29, 2016 at 6:38 pm "Why not enlist the expertise of Al Gore who proudly claims he invented the Internet. " Despite the yapping of ignorant hardcore detractors, Gore indeed created the Internet. He put through the legislation that transferred ownership and control of the DOD's ARPANET to the civilian sector. Other smart people did the rest. But why ask him to bring hi-def Game of Thrones, etc., to your screen? Why not form a startup, get capital, fiber up the town, install the backhaul, and shovel up all the money yourself? Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by NoMoPa a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 29, 2016 at 7:03 pm @Curmudgeon - Nope, Al Gore had nothing to do with the privatization or commercialization of the internet. His only tangential connection is the High Performance Computing Act of 1991 which funded research, but had direct impact on transfer/control/commercialization/privatization or invention of the internet. @Jeff Hoel - come on, now is the time to kick up the advocacy. That's how stuff happens in Palo Alto, a small vocal minority makes demands until the city council buckles (look at how cycling lobby swings its weight around). So don't be shy! Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       1 person likes this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 29, 2016 at 11:25 pm "@Curmudgeon - Nope, Al Gore had nothing to do with the privatization or commercialization of the internet." Nice obfuscation try, but the facts are otherwise Web Link. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by another curmudgeon a resident of Midtown on Oct 30, 2016 at 2:03 pm Al Gore never claimed he invented the Internet. That phrase was made up by a media editor with an overactive mouth. Don't believe me? Try to find a reference for him saying it. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by NoMoPa a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 30, 2016 at 2:29 pm @Curmudgeons - He said "I took the initiative in creating the Internet" not that he invented it, and that is just as big a lie. He neither invented, created, privatized, nor sponsored legislation transferring control of the internet from the government. And he is now holding back advancement of the internet by distracting from the issues at hand, getting fiber deployed. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Anonymous a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Oct 30, 2016 at 2:37 pm [Post removed.] Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Oct 30, 2016 at 6:36 pm "And he [Gore] is now holding back advancement of the internet by distracting from the issues at hand, getting fiber deployed." Aw, c'mon. Piling on Al Gore is so yesterdecade. With-it right thinkers blame Hillary for everything these days. What you need to get fiber is a credible, convincing analysis of its utility and funding structure. Pop fictions won't do it. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Jeff Hoel a resident of Midtown on Oct 31, 2016 at 5:12 pm @NoMoPa (10-29-16, 19:03) -- I try not to be shy. For example, I use my real name when posting to paloaltoonline. I also send messages to City Council and the Utilities Advisory Commission. Others could do that too. Council Web Link has been publishing "letters from citizens" documents for a long time. For example, its 11-07-16 agenda points to this document containing public letters Web Link including a message from me. Recently, UAC Web Link has adopted a similar practice of publishing the messages it receives. For example, its 11-02-16 agenda points to this document containing public letters: Web Link including some messages from me. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Jeff Hoel a resident of Midtown on Oct 31, 2016 at 5:28 pm Please look at this this article by MuniNetworks' Chris Mitchell: 10-27-16: "Google Fiber Pauses - But No One Else Should" Web Link (I asked Council and UAC to do this, but I haven't seen that message published yet.) Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by musical a resident of Palo Verde on Oct 31, 2016 at 6:57 pm I'll vouch for Jeff. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Jeff Hoel a resident of Midtown on Nov 2, 2016 at 12:35 pm The City is inviting people to comment on what the City's priorities for 2017 should be. Web Link So far, 61 "registered" comments have been received (as well as 13 comments that aren't registered, so they can't viewed). Two have asked for FTTP. If you'd like to ask for citywide municipal FTTP as a priority, here's an opportunity. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by rlindley a resident of Charleston Gardens on Nov 8, 2016 at 9:18 am "Wireless Fiber" or other millimeter wave broadband technologies have been the logical answer for years now. Huge build-out costs, long lead times, permitting for road construction and trenching - all these things have always been the unavoidable Achilles heel in widespread FTTH deployments. Excited to see where this goes at a city level! Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Bad plan a resident of Another Palo Alto neighborhood on Nov 8, 2016 at 10:15 am Should the city do it? No. This city does not have the talent required and will just waste a lot of money paying consultants and ultimately getting nothing done. What recent public works project can you think of that the city has done well in a fiscally responsible manner? I cant think of a one. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Like this comment Posted by Plane Speaker a resident of Crescent Park on Nov 9, 2016 at 9:20 am Uh .... Al Gore "I took the intiative in creating the Internet" Web Link This controversy about Al Gore and the Internet is emblematic of the inadequate way that Democrats in general communicate. Gore either did not really understand what it was he did, or he was so condescending that he thought Americans could not grasp his role with the Internet or perhaps would not be sufficiently impressed with his actual role. But where has he been since in terms of bringing to the front and center how poorly the US has utilized the Internet. Of the developed world the US has pretty much the lowest speeds and highest costs of Internet connectivity. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       2 people like this Posted by Curmudgeon a resident of Downtown North on Nov 9, 2016 at 12:19 pm "Americans could not grasp his [Gore's} role with the Internet or perhaps would not be sufficiently impressed with his actual role." That is painfully obviously the situation, isn't it. "But where has he been since in terms of bringing to the front and center how poorly the US has utilized the Internet. Of the developed world the US has pretty much the lowest speeds and highest costs of Internet connectivity." Gore did his job. He privatized what had been government property and created a huge opportunity for private industry. The real question is: Why has our hallowed private industry failed us so miserably? Ronald Reagan deregulated the telecommunications industry, ostensibly so it would be free to innovate, and provide platinum-class service, at very low cost. So what have those unshackled telecomms accomplished for us since their liberation? Lousy service at high cost but with great corporate bottom lines, right? Wall Street's happy. Why aren't you? Don't expect Trump to fix it. Time for Silicon Valley enterprise to step in. Why not you? Startup a provider service company, raise capital, string up the town, and watch the money flow in. Report Objectionable Content Email Town Square Moderator       Don't miss out on the discussion! Sign up to be notified of new comments on this topic. Email: Post a comment Posting an item on Town Square is simple and requires no registration. Just complete this form and hit "submit" and your topic will appear online. Please be respectful and truthful in your postings so Town Square will continue to be a thoughtful gathering place for sharing community information and opinion. All postings are subject to our TERMS OF USE, and may be deleted if deemed inappropriate by our staff. We prefer that you use your real name, but you may use any "member" name you wish. Name: * Select your neighborhood or school community: * Not sure? Neighborhoods - Adobe-Meadow - Barron Park - Charleston Gardens - Charleston Meadows - College Terrace - Community Center - Crescent Park - Downtown North - Duveneck/St. Francis - Embarcadero Oaks/Leland - Esther Clark Park - Evergreen Park - Fairmeadow - Greater Miranda - Green Acres - Greendell/Walnut Grove - Greenmeadow - Leland Manor/Garland Drive - Mayfield - Meadow Park - Midtown - Monroe Park - Old Palo Alto - Palo Alto Hills - Palo Alto Orchards - Palo Verde - Professorville - South of Midtown - Southgate - St. Claire Gardens - The Greenhouse - The Greenhouse - Triple El - University South - Ventura - Woodland Ave. area (East Palo Alto) School communities - Addison School - Barron Park School - Duveneck School - Egan Middle School (Los Altos) - El Carmelo School - Escondido School - Fairmeadow School - Gunn High School - Hoover School - JLS Middle School - Jordan Middle School - Juana Briones School - Nixon School - Ohlone School - Palo Alto High School - Palo Verde School - Santa Rita (Los Altos) - Terman Middle School - Walter Hays School Other - another community - Another Palo Alto neighborhood - Atherton - East Palo Alto - Los Altos - Los Altos Hills - Menlo Park - Mountain View - Portola Valley - Stanford - Woodside Comment: * Verification code: * Enter the verification code exactly as shown, using capital and lowercase letters, in the multi-colored box. *Required Fields Top Blogs UC extends Transfer admissions application By John Raftrey and Lori McCormick | 0 comments | 14,401 views A Magical Bridge Playdate By Cheryl Bac | 2 comments | 5,668 views Election Day: Vote for Your Partner By Chandrama Anderson | 4 comments | 1,742 views Who Needs a Drink? By Laura Stec | 2 comments | 680 views Help a Veteran today, beyond just thanking them for their service By Max Greenberg | 0 comments | 264 views View all local blogs   Info Palo Alto The 2016-17 Info Guide is here! Info Palo Alto, a resource guide for the Midpeninsula, features local information on schools, outdoors and recreation, government and arts & entertainment View Index Home News TownSquare A&E Sports Home & Real Estate Shop Palo Alto Visitor Info Send News Tips Join Print Edition/Archives Fogster Classifieds Express / Weekend Express Promotions Special Pubs Obituaries Circulation & Delivery About Us Contact Us Advertising Info Terms of Use Privacy Policy   Mountain View Voice The Almanac © 2016 Palo Alto Online All rights reserved.   Embarcadero Media   PR MediaRelease
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Twitter is in store for changes, even if it isn't sold Twitter-In Need Of Change In this Nov. 6, 2013, file photo, the Twitter logo appears on an updated phone post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Twitter reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) (Richard Drew) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on October 27, 2016 at 12:18 PM, updated October 27, 2016 at 12:41 PM comments NEW YORK — Sale or no sale, Twitter users are bound to see changes as the beleaguered communications service tries to broaden its appeal to more people and advertisers. A new owner could clean up Twitter and curb some of the nastiness that's become synonymous with it. Or perhaps a new owner would just show more ads. Or let it languish while it mines the best of what Twitter now has into its existing products and services. All of this is speculation, of course, and there might not even be a new owner. Twitter's stock has plunged after rumored bidders are, well, rumored to be no longer interested. On Thursday, the company announced that it would cut 9 percent of its workforce globally as its revenue growth slowed. Twitter's 6-second social video app withers on the Vine While adjusted earnings beat Wall Street expectations, it reported a loss of almost $103 million before one-time charges and costs are removed. A new parent — whether that's Google (huh?), Salesforce (who?) or Disney (hmm...) — could inject fresh life into a 10-year-old company that's never turned a profit and remains confounding to many people. Of course, none of these potential suitors have acknowledged interest in Twitter, let alone their plans for it. Even if Twitter stays independent, drastic changes to its service might just be what Twitter needs to be competitive with Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. How might it change? TWITTER BECOMES MORE LIKE ITS NEW OWNER, IF THERE IS ONE Facebook's absorption of Instagram and WhatsApp in recent years could offer clues. Both services have kept separate identities, to an extent, and have experienced user growth. But slowly, they are acquiring Facebook-like features. For example, Instagram no longer presents feeds chronologically; they are now sorted much like Facebook's news feed, using some secret formula known only to Facebook. Though the change has turned off some early Instagram users, its user base has soared, to 500 million as of June. That's nearly 200 million more than Twitter, even though Instagram is three years younger. As Instagram gets more users and a mainstream appeal, its content has diluted somewhat. But many of the street photographers, graffiti artists and tween mini-celebrities who made Instagram what it is are still there — maybe just harder to find. STAYS THE SAME BUT WITH MORE ADS Twitter has never turned a profit, and whoever buys it will need to fix this. That means boosting the user base, so advertisers would follow. That also could mean better targeting, so that ad rates go up. Google, anyone? The search giant is the leader in online ads. Imagine what its might and muscle could do to Twitter's ad business. YouTube hardly had any ads when Google bought it; now, ads are so prevalent that YouTube is able to charge $10 a month for an ad-free version called Red. Instagram has also inserted ads into users' feeds of perfectly composed snapshots featuring everything from cappuccino foam to seafoam. It started out slowly with a carefully curated ad here and there, but today you're not likely to avoid ads when opening the app. A TOOL FOR BRANDS, NOT REVOLUTION Jonathan Cowperthwait, a Twitter user since 2008, said he'd be worried if Google bought Twitter because the online search giant "is the worst" at social services that aim to foster online interactions, beyond email. Its Google Plus service never took off; Orkut and Dodgeball closed. Cowperthwait said that rather than let Twitter live independently, Google might "try to shoehorn it back into their own social product." Salesforce, a company that provides internet services to businesses, has also been mentioned as a contender, leading to a lot of head-scratching among users. Would Twitter become a business product, used for customer service and marketing instead of revolutions, neo-Nazi memes and political outbursts? "Salesforce is a very technology-driven company," eMarketer analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. "It seems they would want (Twitter) mostly for the data that Twitter has." THE LITTLE BIRD FALLS OUT OF THE NEST Remember MySpace? It was — the — social network before Facebook came along. News Corp., the stodgy media conglomerate, bought it for $580 million in 2005. But users started falling off as MySpace failed to keep up with Facebook's speedy innovations. After layoffs and failed relaunches, News Corp. sold the fallen giant for $35 million in 2011, and that was just about the end of it. It's not unthinkable that Twitter could suffer the same fate under a big media company. SILENCE! Walt Disney's reputation as a squeaky-clean, family-friendly company is perhaps the clearest antithesis to Twitter's soul, as many users see it — even though Disney is much bigger than Mickey Mouse and owns ABC, Marvel and the "Star Wars" franchise, among other properties. "My chief fear is that Disney will wield Twitter as one large PR machine to prop up their image and squash dissent," said Timothy Hayes, an Ohio State University student who says he fell in love with Twitter in high school. "The Mouse is not above silencing (its) opponents." Some users, on the other hand, might welcome some thorough housecleaning that goes beyond the steps Twitter is currently taking to curb abuse and nasty behavior on its service. One Twitter user, New York attorney Danny Mann, says that while Google has improved YouTube "in ways that were unimaginable at the time," he finds many of his fellow YouTube users difficult to deal with. In this sense, it's possible that even with Google's weight behind it, the abusive and nasty nature of many Twitter comments would remain as is. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people making a move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:12pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Email Debbie @@ms_effective Debbie Mayo-Smith 's Opinion A motivational speaker gives her tips on business success Debbie Mayo-Smith: Four ways Google can help you with your next overseas trip 6:10 AM Friday Oct 28, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Best of Business Analysis Google Internet Opinion Small Business Social media Work Life How to save money when using Google. Photo / 123RF As much as your vacation is probably about unplugging and 'being in the moment'; here are four Google services to help you with some seriously smart planning and saving money too whilst abroad. 1. Use an Incognito Window to book flights and hotels - Have you ever searched for a flight, only to return to the same flight a few days later and seen a significant price hike? This is because your search history can be monitored by airlines. To avoid these price hikes, use incognito mode in your browser to search undetected. If in Google Chrome, you can do this by pressing Ctrl + Shift + N or by opening a new incognito window. When you decide to book, you can then log into your account. 2. Use an offline navigation app to save on data. There are plenty of free map apps for both iOS and Android, so there's no need to use your bandwidth or waste time in Wi-Fi memorizing where to go. With just your GPS on, you can navigate any destination and find the nearest ATM, supermarket or subway. For example, I often use the Maps.me app (download the country map prior to your trip). You can also download sections of Google Maps to use offline and another idea is to simply snap a screenshot of the map.. 3. Take advantage of Google Translate. Heading somewhere where English isn't even the second language? Google Translates' app can work offline too - so you can use it to translate things on the go whilst travelling (again without having to use 3G or search for Wi-Fi). For example, you can translate a menu that's in a different language simply by taking a photo of it. BTW use the great free app duolingo to learn the language before you go. Use Google Maps to Preview your Destination Before a recent trip to Sicily, my Daughter and I spent time on Google Map's looking at the places we wanted to visit - we explored the streets, our hotels and surrounding areas. By viewing it in Earth view we were able to really get a feel for the area and spot places we may want to visit. The other week I wrote about using Geotags in Instagram when planning travel. - NZ Herald Debbie Mayo-Smith aka Ms Effective, gives speeches, seminars and trains on sales and personal productivity. Debbie helps you get more done in less time and increase profitability. Sign up for her monthly quick tip newsletter here. Read more by Debbie Mayo-Smith Email Debbie Mayo-Smith Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Send an email @@ms_effective Debbie Mayo-Smith A motivational speaker gives her tips on business success Debbie is one of the most in-demand speakers in Australasia; in the top 7pc of speakers globally and well-loved for her practical, plain talking technology quick tips. A best-selling author of sixteen books, Debbie has sharpened the activity of over 1 million individuals around the world through her presentations, training, newsletters, books and videos. Read more by Debbie Mayo-Smith Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in briefs Toxic shellfish warning The Ministry for Primary Industries has advised the public not… Hawke's Bay Today Donald Trump sending people this way? I wonder if President-elect Donald Trump (ooh it feels strange saying that) is a fan… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 15 Nov 2016 13:12:59 Processing Time: 448ms
null
null
Sale or no sale, changes could come to Twitter users – The Daily Universe × News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Marketplace Sale or no sale, changes could come to... News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Marketplace Nation, News Sale or no sale, changes could come to Twitter users October 27, 2016 by Associated Press 0 0 0 0 0 FILE – In this Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2013, file photo, the Twitter logo appears on an updated phone post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Twitter reports financial results Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Sale or no sale, Twitter users are bound to see changes as the beleaguered communications service tries to broaden its appeal to more people and advertisers. A new owner could clean up Twitter and curb some of the nastiness that’s become synonymous with it. Or perhaps a new owner would just show more ads. Or let it languish while it mines the best of what Twitter now has into its existing products and services. All of this is speculation, of course, and there might not even be a new owner. Twitter’s stock has plunged after rumored bidders are, well, rumored to be no longer interested. On Thursday, the company announced that it would cut 9 percent of its workforce globally as its revenue growth slowed. While adjusted earnings beat Wall Street expectations, it reported a loss of almost $103 million before one-time charges and costs are removed. A new parent — whether that’s Google (huh?), Salesforce (who?) or Disney (hmm…) — could inject fresh life into a 10-year-old company that’s never turned a profit and remains confounding to many people. Of course, none of these potential suitors have acknowledged interest in Twitter, let alone their plans for it. Even if Twitter stays independent, drastic changes to its service might just be what Twitter needs to be competitive with Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. How might it change? ___ TWITTER BECOMES MORE LIKE ITS NEW OWNER, IF THERE IS ONE Facebook’s absorption of Instagram and WhatsApp in recent years could offer clues. Both services have kept separate identities, to an extent, and have experienced user growth. But slowly, they are acquiring Facebook-like features. For example, Instagram no longer presents feeds chronologically; they are now sorted much like Facebook’s news feed, using some secret formula known only to Facebook. Though the change has turned off some early Instagram users, its user base has soared, to 500 million as of June. That’s nearly 200 million more than Twitter, even though Instagram is three years younger. As Instagram gets more users and a mainstream appeal, its content has diluted somewhat. But many of the street photographers, graffiti artists and tween mini-celebrities who made Instagram what it is are still there — maybe just harder to find. ___ STAYS THE SAME BUT WITH MORE ADS Twitter has never turned a profit, and whoever buys it will need to fix this. That means boosting the user base, so advertisers would follow. That also could mean better targeting, so that ad rates go up. Google, anyone? The search giant is the leader in online ads. Imagine what its might and muscle could do to Twitter’s ad business. YouTube hardly had any ads when Google bought it; now, ads are so prevalent that YouTube is able to charge $10 a month for an ad-free version called Red. Instagram has also inserted ads into users’ feeds of perfectly composed snapshots featuring everything from cappuccino foam to seafoam. It started out slowly with a carefully curated ad here and there, but today you’re not likely to avoid ads when opening the app. ___ A TOOL FOR BRANDS, NOT REVOLUTION Jonathan Cowperthwait, a Twitter user since 2008, said he’d be worried if Google bought Twitter because the online search giant “is the worst” at social services that aim to foster online interactions, beyond email. Its Google Plus service never took off; Orkut and Dodgeball closed. Cowperthwait said that rather than let Twitter live independently, Google might “try to shoehorn it back into their own social product.” Salesforce, a company that provides internet services to businesses, has also been mentioned as a contender, leading to a lot of head-scratching among users. Would Twitter become a business product, used for customer service and marketing instead of revolutions, neo-Nazi memes and political outbursts? “Salesforce is a very technology-driven company,” eMarketer analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. “It seems they would want (Twitter) mostly for the data that Twitter has.” ___ THE LITTLE BIRD FALLS OUT OF THE NEST Remember MySpace? It was — the — social network before Facebook came along. News Corp., the stodgy media conglomerate, bought it for $580 million in 2005. But users started falling off as MySpace failed to keep up with Facebook’s speedy innovations. After layoffs and failed relaunches, News Corp. sold the fallen giant for $35 million in 2011, and that was just about the end of it. It’s not unthinkable that Twitter could suffer the same fate under a big media company. ___ SILENCE! Walt Disney’s reputation as a squeaky-clean, family-friendly company is perhaps the clearest antithesis to Twitter’s soul, as many users see it — even though Disney is much bigger than Mickey Mouse and owns ABC, Marvel and the “Star Wars” franchise, among other properties. “My chief fear is that Disney will wield Twitter as one large PR machine to prop up their image and squash dissent,” said Timothy Hayes, an Ohio State University student who says he fell in love with Twitter in high school. “The Mouse is not above silencing (its) opponents.” Some users, on the other hand, might welcome some thorough housecleaning that goes beyond the steps Twitter is currently taking to curb abuse and nasty behavior on its service. One Twitter user, New York attorney Danny Mann, says that while Google has improved YouTube “in ways that were unimaginable at the time,” he finds many of his fellow YouTube users difficult to deal with. In this sense, it’s possible that even with Google’s weight behind it, the abusive and nasty nature of many Twitter comments would remain as is. Tags: changes, disney, twitter Associated Press Alex Clark is a web editor for the Daily Universe. He is a senior studying News Media at BYU. 0 0 0 0 0 Related News LDS Perpetual Education Fund gives hope to thousands Gas prices will stay low, gov’t says Church changes dress code for sister missionaries Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 September 2010 June 2010 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 October 1994 ABOUT US ADVERTISING BRIMHALL WEBCAM CONTACT US COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY SUBMIT NEWS TIPS UNIVERSE ARCHIVES (PDF) UNIVERSE JOBS Site Login © 2016 The Daily Universe - Brigham Young University
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE A Penguin’s Tale: Responding to the latest update What should SEOs do to make the best of the new Penguin update? Perhaps not much. Columnist Dave Davies notes that while Penguin 4.0 was indeed significant, things ultimately haven't changed that much. Dave Davies on October 27, 2016 at 10:35 am More For the last four-plus years now, we’ve heard a lot about Penguin. Initially announced in April 2012, we were told that this algorithm update, designed to combat web spam, would impact three percent of queries. More recently, we’ve witnessed frustration on the part of penalized website owners at having to wait over a year for an update, after Google specifically noted one was coming “soon” in October of 2015. In all the years of discussion around Penguin, however, I don’t believe any update has been more fraught with confusing statements and misinformation than Penguin 4.0, the most recent update. The biggest culprit here is Google itself, which has not been consistent in its messaging. And this is the subject of this article: the peeling away of some of the recent misstated or just misunderstood aspects of this update, and more importantly, what it means for website owners and their SEOs. So, let’s begin. What is Penguin? Note: We’re going to keep this section short and sweet — if you want something more in-depth, you should begin by reading Danny Sullivan’s article on the initial release of Penguin, “Google Launches ‘Penguin Update’ Targeting Webspam In Search Results.” You can also browse Search Engine Land’s Penguin Update section for all the articles written here on the topic. The Penguin algorithm update was first announced on April 24, 2012, and the official explanation was that the algorithm targeted web spam in general. However, since the biggest losses were incurred by those engaged in manipulative link schemes, the algorithm itself was viewed as being designed to punish sites with bad link profiles. I’ll leave it at that, with the assumption that I shouldn’t bore you with additional details on what the algorithm was designed to do. Let’s move now to the confusion. Where’s the confusion? Until Penguin 4.0 rolled out on September 23, 2016, there really wasn’t a lot of confusion around the algorithm. The entire SEO community — and even many outside it — knew that the Penguin update demoted sites with bad links, and it wasn’t until it was next updated that an affected site could expect some semblance of recovery. The path was clear: a site would get hit with a penalty, the website owner would send out requests to have offending links removed, those that couldn’t be removed would be added to a disavow list and submitted, and then one would simply wait. However, things got more complicated with this most recent update — not because the algorithm itself got any more difficult to understand, but rather because the folks at Google did. In essence, there were only a couple of major changes with this update: Penguin now runs in real time. Webmasters impacted by Penguin will no longer have to wait for the next update to see the results of their improvement efforts — now, changes will be evident much more quickly, generally not long after a page is recrawled and reindexed. Penguin 4.0 is “more granular,” meaning that it can now impact individual pages or sections of a site in addition to entire domains; previously, it would act as a site-wide penalty, impacting rankings for an entire site. It would seem that there isn’t a lot of room for confusion here on first glance. However, when the folks at Google started adding details and giving advice, that ended up causing a bit of confusion. So let’s look at those to get a better understanding of what we’re expected to do. Disavow files Rumor had it, based on statements by Google’s Gary Illyes, that a disavow file is no longer necessary to deal with Penguin-related ranking issues. This is due to a change in how Penguin 4.0 deals with bad links: they now devalue the links themselves rather than demoting the site they’re linking to. Now, that seems pretty clear. If you read Illyes’ statements in the article linked above, there are a few takeaways: Spam is devalued, rather than sites being demoted. There’s less need to use a disavow file for Penguin-related ranking penalties. Using the disavow file for Penguin-related issues can help Google help you, but it is more specifically useful for sites under manual review. Here’s the problem, though — just a day earlier, the following tweets had been exchanged: @BruceClayInc we haven't changed our recommendations for the disavow tool with this launch — Gary Illyes (@methode) September 26, 2016 So now we have a “yes, you should use it for Penguin” and a “no, you don’t need it for Penguin.” But wait, it gets more fun. On October 4, 2016, Google Webmaster Trends Analyst John Mueller stated the following in an Office Hours Hangout: [I]f these are problematic links that are affected [by Penguin], and you use a disavow file, then that’s a good way for us to pick that up and recognize, “Okay, this link is something you don’t want to have associated with this site.” So when we recrawl that page that is linking to you, we can drop that link from our link graph. With regards to devaluing these low quality links instead of punishing you, in general we try to figure out what kind of spammy tactics are happening here and we say, “Well, we’ll just try to ignore this part with regards to your website.” So… clear as mud? The disavow takeaway The takeaway here is that the more things change, the more they stay the same. There is no change. If you’ve used unethical link-building strategies in the past and are considering submitting a disavow file — good, you should do that. If you haven’t used such strategies, then you shouldn’t need to; if Google finds bad links to your site, they’ll simply devalue them. Of course, it was once also claimed that negative SEO doesn’t work, meaning a disavow wasn’t necessary for bad links you didn’t build. This was obviously not the case, and negative SEO did work (and may well still), so you should be continuing to monitor your links for bad ones and adding them to your disavow file periodically. After all, if bad links couldn’t negatively impact your site, there would be no need for a disavow at all. And so, the more things change, the more they stay the same. Keep doing what you’ve been doing. The source site? In a recent podcast over on Marketing Land, Gary Illyes explains that under Penguin, it’s not the target site of the link that matters, it’s the source. This doesn’t just include links themselves, but other signals a page sends to indicate that it’s likely spam. So, what we just were informed is that the value of a link comes from the site/page it’s on and not where it’s pointing. In other words, when you’re judging your inbound links, be sure to look at the source page and domain of those links. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Your links are labeled In the same podcast on Penguin, it came to light that Google places links on a page into categories, including things like: footer; Penguin-impacted; and disavowed. It was suggested that there are other categories, but they weren’t named. So, what really does this mean? It means what we all pretty well knew was going on for about a decade. We now have a term to use to describe it (“labels”) rather than simply understanding that a page is divided into sections, and the sections that are the most visible and more likely to be engaged with hold the highest value (with regard to both content and links). Additionally, we already knew that links that were disavowed were flagged as such. There is one new side The only really new piece of information here is that either Google has replaced a previous link weighting system (which was based on something like visibility) with a labeling system, or they have added to it. Essentially, it appears that where previously, content as a whole may have been categorized and links included in that categorization, now a link is given one or possibly multiple labels. So, this is a new system and a new piece of information, which brings us to… The link labeling takeway Knowing whether the link is being labeled or simply judged by its position on the page — and whether it’s been disavowed or not — isn’t particularly actionable. It’s academically interesting, to be sure, and I’m certain it took Google engineers many days or months to get it figured out (maybe that’s what they’ve been working on since last October). But from an SEO’s perspective, we have to ask ourselves, ”What really changed?” Nothing. You will still be working to develop highly visible links, placed contextually where possible and on related sites. If this strays far from what you were doing, you likely weren’t doing your link building correctly to begin with. I repeat: the more things change, the more they stay the same. But not Penguin penalties, right? Or… ? It turns out that Penguin penalties are treated very differently in 4.0 from the way they were previously. In a discussion with Google’s Gary Illyes, he revealed that there is no sandbox for a site penalized by Penguin. To put that in context, here’s a fuller glimpse of the conversation: Question @JohnMu or @methode – with realtime Penguin, will recoveries be instant once fixed or is there a trust delay? — Beanstalk IM (@beanstalkim) October 12, 2016 @beanstalkim @IrishWonder @JohnMu the delay is pretty much just the delay caused by crawling and indexing — Gary Illyes (@methode) October 12, 2016 @beanstalkim @IrishWonder @JohnMu nope — Gary Illyes (@methode) October 12, 2016 @beanstalkim @IrishWonder @JohnMu we do have built-in protection for manipulation, keep that in mind ;) — Gary Illyes (@methode) October 12, 2016 So essentially, if you get hit with a Penguin penalty, there is no trust delay in recovery — once you fix the problem and your site is recrawled, you’d bounce back. That said, there’s something ominous about Illyes’ final tweet above. So Penguin does not require or impose a sandbox or trust-based delay… but that’s not to say there aren’t other functions in Google’s algorithm that do. So, what are we to conclude? Avoid penalties — and while not Penguin-related, there may or may not be delays in recovering from one. Sound familiar? That’s because (surely you can say it with me by now)… The more things change, the more they stay the same While this was a major update with a couple of significant changes, what it ultimately means is that our SEO process hasn’t really changed at all. Our links will get picked up faster (both the good and the bad), and penalties will likely be doled out and rolled back much more reliably; however, the links we need to build and how they’re being weighted remain pretty much the same (if not identical). The use of the disavow file is unchanged, and you should still (in my opinion) watch for negative SEO. The biggest variable here comes in their statement that Penguin is not impacted by machine learning: @jenstar nope — Gary Illyes (@methode) October 10, 2016 I have no doubt that this is currently true. However, now that Penguin is part of the core algorithm — and as machine learning takes on a greater role in how search engines rank pages — it’s likely that it will eventually begin to control some aspects of what are traditionally Penguin algorithms. But when that day comes, the machines will be looking for relevancy and maximized user experience and link quality signals. So the more you continue to stay focused on what you should be doing… the more it’ll stay the same. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Dave Davies Dave Davies founded Beanstalk Internet Marketing, Inc. in 2004 after working in the industry for 3 years and is its active CEO. He is a well-published author and has spoken on the subject of organic SEO at a number of conferences, including a favorite, SMX Advanced. Dave writes regularly on Beanstalk's blog and is a monthly contributor here on Search Engine Land. Related Articles SearchCap: Google Penguin links, link labels & RGB to Hex answers Google Penguin looks mostly at your link source, says Google Google labels your links, such as 'footer' or Penguin-impacted Google Penguin doesn't penalize for bad links - or does it? All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: Penguin UpdateSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE It’s scary how many ways SEO can go wrong In search engine optimization, sometimes even small errors can have a large and costly impact. Columnist Patrick Stox shares his SEO horror stories so that you can be spared this fate. Patrick Stox on October 27, 2016 at 10:50 am More We’ve all had those moments of absolute terror where we just want to crawl into the fetal position, cry and pretend the problem doesn’t exist. Unfortunately, as SEOs, we can’t stay this way for long. Instead, we have to suck it up and quickly resolve whatever went terribly wrong. There are moments you know you messed up, and there are times a problem can linger for far too long without your knowledge. Either way, the situation is scary — and you have to work hard and fast to fix whatever happened. Things Google tells you not to do There are many things Google warns about in their Webmaster Guidelines: Automatically generated content Participating in link schemes Creating pages with little or no original content Cloaking Sneaky redirects Hidden text or links Doorway pages Scraped content Participating in affiliate programs without adding sufficient value Loading pages with irrelevant keywords Creating pages with malicious behavior, such as phishing or installing viruses, trojans or other badware Abusing rich snippets markup Sending automated queries to Google Unfortunately, people can convince themselves that many of these things are okay. They think spinning text to avoid a duplicate content penalty that doesn’t exist is the best option. They hear that “links are good,” and suddenly they’re trying to trade links with others. They see review stars and will fake them with markup so that they have them and stand out in the SERPs. None of the above are good ideas, but that won’t stop people from trying to get away with something or simply misunderstanding what others have said. Crawl and indexation issues User-agent: * Disallow: / That’s all it takes — two simple lines in the robots.txt file to completely block crawlers from your website. Usually, it’s a mistake from a dev environment, but when you see it, you’ll feel the horror in the pit of your stomach. Along with this, if your website was already indexed, you’ll typically see in the SERPs: Then there’s the noindex meta tag, which can prevent a page you specify from being indexed. Unfortunately, many times this can be enabled for your entire website with a simple tick of a button. It’s an easy enough mistake to make and painful to overlook. Even more fun is a UTF-8 BOM. Glenn Gabe had a great article on this where he explained it as such: BOM stands for byte order mark and it’s used to indicate the byte order for a text stream. It’s an invisible character that’s located at the start of a file (and it’s essentially meaningless from an SEO perspective). Some programs will add the BOM to a text file, which … can remain invisible to the person creating the text file. And the BOM can cause serious problems when Google tries to read the file. … [W]hen your robots.txt file contains the UTF-8 BOM, Google can choke on the file. And that means the first line (often user-agent), will be ignored. And when there’s no user-agent, all the other lines will return as errors (all of your directives). And when they are seen as errors, Google will ignore them. And if you’re trying to disallow key areas of your site, then that could end up as a huge SEO problem. Also of note: Just because a large portion of your traffic comes from the same IP addresses doesn’t mean it’s a bad thing. A friend of mine found this out the hard way after he ended up blocking some of the IP addresses Googlebot uses while being convinced those IPs were up to no good. Another horrific situation I’ve run into was when someone had the bright idea to block crawlers to get pages out of the index after a subdomain migration. This is never a good idea, as crawlers need to be able to access the old versions and follow the redirects to the new versions. It was made worse by the fact that the robots.txt file was actually the shared for both subdomains, and crawlers couldn’t see either the old or the new pages because of this block. Manual penalties Just hearing the word “penalty” is scary. It means you or someone associated with the website did something wrong — very wrong! Google maintains a list of common manual actions: Hacked site User-generated spam Spammy freehosts Spammy structured markup Unnatural links to your site Thin content with little or no added value Cloaking and/or sneaky redirects Cloaking: First Click Free violation Unnatural links from your site Pure spam Cloaked images Hidden text and/or keyword stuffing Many of these penalties are well-deserved, where someone tried to take a shortcut to benefit themselves. With Penguin now operating in real time, I expect a wave of manual penalties very soon. A recent scary situation was a new one to me. A company had decided to rebrand and migrate to a new website, but it turned out the new website had a pure spam penalty. Unfortunately, because Google Search Console wasn’t set up in advance of the move, the penalty was only discovered after the migration had happened. Oops, I broke the website! One character is all it takes to break a website. One bad piece of code, one bad setting in the configuration, one bad redirect or plugin. I know I’ve broken many websites over the years, which is why it’s important to have a backup before you make any changes. Or better yet, set up a staging environment for testing and deployment. Rebuilding a website With any new website, there are many ways for things to go horribly wrong. I’m always scared when someone tells me they just got a new website, especially when they tell me after it’s already launched. I get this feeling in the pit of my stomach that something terrible just happened, and usually I’m right. The most common issue is redirects not being done at all, or developers arguing that redirects aren’t necessary or too many redirects will slow down the website. Another common mistake I see is killing off good content; sometimes these are city pages or pages about their services, or sometimes an entire domain and all the information will be redirected to a single page. Issues can range from very old issues that still exist — like putting all text in images — to more modern problems like “We just rebuilt our website in Angular” when there was no reason for them to ever use Angular. Overwrote the file This scares me the most with overwritten disavow files, especially when a copy is not made and the default action happens to overwrite, or with an .htaccess file where redirects can easily be lost. I’ve even had shared hosts overwrite .htaccess files, and of course, no email is ever sent of the changes. I don’t even know In my years, I’ve seen some really random and terrible things happen. I’ve seen people lose their domain because it expired or because they unknowingly signed a contract that said they didn’t own the domain. I’ve seen second and even third websites created by other marketing companies. There are times when canonical tags are used incorrectly or just changed randomly. I’ve seen all pages canonicalized to the home page or pages with a canonical set to a different website. I’ve seen simple instructions that sounded like a good idea, like “make all links relative path,” end up in disaster when they made canonical URLs relative along with alternate versions of the website, such as with m. and hreflang alternate tags. SEO is scary It’s amazing how one little thing or one bad decision can be so costly and scary. Remember to follow the rules, plan, execute and QA your work to prevent nightmares. Share your own tales of horror with me on Twitter @patrickstox. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Patrick Stox Patrick Stox is an SEO Specialist for IBM and an organizer for the Raleigh SEO Meetup, the most successful SEO Meetup in the US. Related Articles 5 super-common SEO mistakes content marketers make 5 more super-common SEO mistakes content marketers make Relaunching Your Site? Don’t Even Think About It Without A Solid SEO Game Plan! 4 Easy & Honest SEO Mistakes That Could Penalize Your Site All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Content & WritingSEO: Crawling and RobotsSEO: Redirects & Moving Sites Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up Sign In Insurance Networking News Core Systems Analytics Distribution Channels Security & Risk Innovation Voices     Videos Slideshows Newsletters Current Issue Marketplace Resources Dig|In 2017 White Paper Case management in insurance: A focus on claims processing See all White Papers eBook Using Digital and Analytics to Reimagine the Underwriting Process See all eBooks Web Seminar How weather is transforming the insurance industry See all Web Seminars Event Women in Insurance Leadership OCT 24, 2016 - The Westin Michigan Avenue Chicago, Chicago, IL See all Events Analytics Facebook Says Users Can't Stop It From Using Biometric Data By: Joel Rosenblatt October 27, 2016 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the worlds largest social network and search engine have sold users viewing histories for advertising. To continue, please sign in or become a member. Join the INN community MEMBERSHIP IS FREE Full access to the industry's most comprehensive daily report, including news, analysis and insight. Daily, weekly, and topic-based newsletters and alerts. Web seminars, white papers, and research from authoritative contributors. Create Free Account Have an account? SIGN IN HERE Remember me Forgot password? SIGN IN SlideshowsSee All » Gartners Top 10 Predictions for IT in 2017 and Beyond The First 22 Insurtechs in Plug & Play's Insurance Accelerator The 19 Top Paying IT Jobs for 2017 MOST POPULAR MOST EMAILED 5 Questions: Arlene Kern, Munich Re Allstate Provides More Clarity on Arity Strategy 3 Steps to Becoming a Data-Driven Insurance Decision-Maker Metlife Launches Insurtech Accelerator in Singapore Gartners Top 10 Predictions for IT in 2017 and Beyond The Underwriter of the Future: New Roles Powered by Technology Five Insurers Form Blockchain Alliance The Underwriter of the Future: What Do New Roles Look Like? VideosSee All » Video: Esurance's Nandini Easwar Talks Developing Women in Insurance IT Video: Unum's Lynda Fleury on Insurance Cybersecurity Video: Lincoln Financial's Heather Milligan on Underwriting Challenges Insurance Networking News About Us Advertising/Media Kit Editorial Calendar Contact Us Content Licensing & Reprints Sign Up Customer Service My Account Privacy Statement sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2016 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 50° F Clear Hi: 59° F Lo: 42° F Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Gary’s Good News: Local film making group creating a buzz in Linton Updated: 24 mins ago They might not be cranking out blockbuster movies, but a Wabash Valley film making group is certainly creating a buzz. White supremacist site: New Balance official shoe for whites Updated: 27 mins ago BOSTON (AP) — A white supremacist website has declared footwear manufacturer New Balance the “Official Shoes of White People.” The Boston Gl… Judge delays Dylann Roof competency hearing for a day Updated: 47 mins ago Judge sets $0 option price for historic presidential yacht Updated: 47 mins ago “I’m not alone.” Paris man shares his experience with diabetes Updated: 26 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 50° F Clear Feels Like: 50° F Wind: S 6 Humidity: 59% Dewpoint: 36° F Sunrise: 7:32 AM Sunset: 5:34 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Summer Games Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 50° F Clear Hi: 59° F Lo: 42° F First look and unboxing: Google Pixel XL By Chris Essex Published: October 27, 2016, 10:52 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) – Verizon just sent me the brand new Google Pixel XL. With the Samsung Note 7 mess happening, Android fans might be looking for a new device. Is this a good option? I’ll need a little bit of time to fully review the phone, but I thought I would drop off my first impressions for you to check out. First thing’s first…this phone looks like the iPhone. There is no other way to put it. In fact, one of our reporters walked around the newsroom with it tricking people into thinking it was the iPhone 7. That isn’t a bad thing, though. I am an iPhone and Apple fan. This design doesn’t bug me. What does bug me is the fingerprint sensor on the back. I’ve never been a fan. Okay, now I’m done bashing…I just needed to get that out of the way. It’s a solid feeling phone. It’s kind of heavy…but in a good way. It doesn’t feel flimsy. So far, Google Assistant is pretty great. Think Siri, but with the power of Google behind it. For years, the iPhone’s weakness has been Siri. Google’s assistant is super…super quick and very helpful. To fire it up, you say, “Okay Google…” and then ask away. It has been a very smooth experience so far. I snapped a couple of photos with the Pixel XL and the iPhone 7 Plus. Check out the comparisons below. Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus photos View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Lowlight test with Pixel XL Lowlight test with the iPhone 7 Plus I've zoomed in the Pixel XL camera as far as it will go I've zoomed in the iPhone 7 Plus camera as far as it will go Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus photos x Thumbnails Gallery                     Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Lowlight test with Pixel XL Lowlight test with the iPhone 7 Plus I've zoomed in the Pixel XL camera as far as it will go I've zoomed in the iPhone 7 Plus camera as far as it will go Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Lowlight test with Pixel XL Lowlight test with the iPhone 7 Plus I've zoomed in the Pixel XL camera as far as it will go I've zoomed in the iPhone 7 Plus camera as far as it will go Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Photo taken with the Google Pixel XL Same photo with the iPhone 7 Plus Come back soon for my full review! Click here to check out the Pixel XL on Verizon’s site. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts REVIEW: Google Pixel XL Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets Review: Droid Moto Z Edition Review: iPhone 7 Plus Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Additional arrests made in homicide of local radio personality Photos: News 10 goes pink for breast cancer awareness 2016 WTHI-TV Chili Cookoff Photos: The 641 Bypass from the air Hurricane Matthew in photographs No injuries after Light House Mission fire, 48 residents displaced Bert and Lucy’s 70 years in the Tunnel of Love Latest News Look for these fall gems before the first snowfall Concerns about Trump loom over Obama’s final foreign tour Vigo County man accused of murdering his brother enters into plea deal Media giants, politicians mourn passing of Gwen Ifill Bikes for Tykes ready to get kids behind the handlebars Interstate 70 backed up just west of St. Elmo in Illinois after semi rollover Judge orders release of Brendan Dassey Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Mobile T-Mobile is offering 50 percent back on Google Pixel purchases New, 32 comments If you sign up for its 'unlimited' data plan by Nick Statt@nickstatt Oct 27, 2016, 12:47pm EDT share tweet Linkedin T-Mobile is trying to pry consumers away from Verizon with a new Google Pixel deal that refunds $325 off the purchase of the phone. That’s 50 percent back for the base model of the Pixel, and it’s slightly less than 50 percent back for a model with more storage or for the pricier Pixel XL with a larger screen. The deal is designed to hit back at smartphone exclusivity, specifically the deal Verizon and Google made to offer the Pixel exclusively through Verizon’s network. Of course, you can buy the Pixel unlocked direct from Google. That’s what T-Mobile is suggesting you do, and it wants to urge people to do that by throwing in some cash. There is one critical stipulation. You’ll need to sign up for T-Mobile’s new One unlimited plan. The plan has been controversial because it throttles tethering speeds and downgrades video resolution to 480p. So in a sense, it’s not truly unlimited. T-Mobile does let you purchase HD passes for $3 per day. Or you can subscribe to the T-Mobile One Plus plan for an extra $25 per line per month, which grants unlimited LTE tethering and unlimited HD passes. Either way, getting this Pixel promotion may involve a bit of compromise depending on what your current data plan looks like. Source: T-Mobile Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 2 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Twitter cuts jobs with no buyer on horizon Twitter is trimming jobs as analysts wonder whether a buyer would emerge and purge the platform’s nasty element. Twitter revealed hefty job cuts and more losses on Thursday after talks to find a buyer collapsed.  (LEON NEAL / AFP/GETTY IMAGES)   By Barbara OrtutayThe Associated Press Thu., Oct. 27, 2016 NEW YORK — Sale or no sale, Twitter users are bound to see changes as the beleaguered communications service tries to broaden its appeal to more people and advertisers. A new owner could clean up Twitter and curb some of the nastiness that’s become synonymous with it. Or perhaps a new owner would just show more ads. Or let it languish while it mines the best of what Twitter now has into its existing products and services. All of this is speculation, of course, and there might not even be a new owner. Twitter’s stock has plunged after rumoured bidders are, well, rumoured to be no longer interested. On Thursday, the company announced that it would cut 9 per cent of its workforce globally as its revenue growth slowed. While adjusted earnings beat Wall Street expectations, it reported a loss of almost $103 million (U.S.), or $138 million, before one-time charges and costs are removed. Twitter-owned Vine announced Thursday it would be discontinuing its app and effectively shutting down. A new parent — whether that’s Google (huh?), Salesforce (who?) or Disney (hmm . . . ) — could inject fresh life into a 10-year-old company that’s never turned a profit and remains confounding to many people. Of course, none of these potential suitors have acknowledged interest in Twitter, let alone their plans for it. Even if Twitter stays independent, drastic changes to its service might just be what Twitter needs to be competitive with Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Article Continued Below How might it change? Twitter becomes more like its new owner, if there is one Facebook’s absorption of Instagram and WhatsApp in recent years could offer clues. Both services have kept separate identities, to an extent, and have experienced user growth. But slowly, they are acquiring Facebook-like features. For example, Instagram no longer presents feeds chronologically; they are now sorted much like Facebook’s news feed, using some secret formula known only to Facebook. Though the change has turned off some early Instagram users, its user base has soared, to 500 million as of June. That’s nearly 200 million more than Twitter, even though Instagram is three years younger. As Instagram gets more users and a mainstream appeal, its content has diluted somewhat. But many of the street photographers, graffiti artists and tween minicelebrities who made Instagram what it is are still there — maybe just harder to find. Stays the same but with more ads Twitter has never turned a profit, and whoever buys it will need to fix this. That means boosting the user base, so advertisers would follow. That also could mean better targeting, so that ad rates go up. Google, anyone? The search giant is the leader in online ads. Imagine what its might and muscle could do to Twitter’s ad business. YouTube hardly had any ads when Google bought it; now, ads are so prevalent that YouTube is able to charge $10 a month for an ad-free version called Red. Instagram has also inserted ads into users’ feeds of perfectly composed snapshots featuring everything from cappuccino foam to seafoam. It started out slowly with a carefully curated ad here and there, but today you’re not likely to avoid ads when opening the app. A tool for brands, not revolution Jonathan Cowperthwait, a Twitter user since 2008, said he’d be worried if Google bought Twitter because the online search giant “is the worst” at social services that aim to foster online interactions, beyond email. Its Google Plus service never took off; Orkut and Dodgeball closed. Cowperthwait said that rather than let Twitter live independently, Google might “try to shoehorn it back into their own social product.” Salesforce, a company that provides internet services to businesses, has also been mentioned as a contender, leading to a lot of head-scratching among users. Would Twitter become a business product, used for customer service and marketing instead of revolutions, neo-Nazi memes and political outbursts? “Salesforce is a very technology-driven company,” eMarketer analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. “It seems they would want (Twitter) mostly for the data that Twitter has.” The little bird falls out of the nest Remember MySpace? It was — the — social network before Facebook came along. News Corp., the stodgy media conglomerate, bought it for $580 million in 2005. But users started falling off as MySpace failed to keep up with Facebook’s speedy innovations. After layoffs and failed relaunches, News Corp. sold the fallen giant for $35 million in 2011, and that was just about the end of it. It’s not unthinkable that Twitter could suffer the same fate under a big media company. Silence! Walt Disney’s reputation as a squeaky-clean, family-friendly company is perhaps the clearest antithesis to Twitter’s soul, as many users see it — even though Disney is much bigger than Mickey Mouse and owns ABC, Marvel and the “Star Wars” franchise, among other properties. “My chief fear is that Disney will wield Twitter as one large PR machine to prop up their image and squash dissent,” said Timothy Hayes, an Ohio State University student who says he fell in love with Twitter in high school. “The Mouse is not above silencing (its) opponents.” Some users, on the other hand, might welcome some thorough housecleaning that goes beyond the steps Twitter is taking to curb abuse and nasty behaviour on its service. One Twitter user, New York attorney Danny Mann, says that while Google has improved YouTube “in ways that were unimaginable at the time,” he finds many of his fellow YouTube users difficult to deal with. In this sense, it’s possible that even with Google’s weight behind it, the abusive and nasty nature of many Twitter comments would remain as is. Bye-bye Vine Launched in 2013, Vine popularized 6-second video loops, bite-sized snippets of entertainment that could easily be shared on Twitter. The company launched the career of entertainers such as musician Shawn Mendes. In a note Tuesday, the company thanked the creative community that embraced it and stated: “Nothing is happening to the apps, website or your Vines today. We value you, your Vines, and are going to do this the right way.” While Vine competed with everything from YouTube, Instagram and Snapchat, there didn't seem to be a path to profitability. After launching many of entertainers to a level of fame, many moved on to other platforms that offered monetization and more flexible formats. With files from Raju Mudhar Read more about: Twitter The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Michael Moore relishes gadfly role as Trump era looms It took the ascendance of one consummate showman, Donald Trump, to bring out another, Michael Moore. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions

Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Fionnuala Meehan to take reins of Google in Ireland, Harris to lead UK by John Kennedy 27 Oct 2016797 Shares Pictured: Google Ireland's first female head Fionnuala Meehan. Her colleague Ronan Harris is to become head of Google UK and Ireland. Image: Shane O'Neill Fionnuala Meehan is to become Google’s new country manager and the head of a 6,000-strong organisation, as Ronan Harris takes up a new role as head of Google UK and Ireland. Ronan Harris took charge of Google Ireland two years ago, following the departure of John Herlihy, who is now country manager of LinkedIn. Harris oversaw the rapid increase in Google’s operations in Dublin, including the addition of a second data centre, and he has described Ireland as being the data capital of Europe. ‘We have a great leader in Ronan for the UK and Ireland business at a pivotal time, and an inspirational leader in Ireland in Fionnuala’ – MATT BRITTIN “I’m looking forward to taking on a new challenge of leading the UK and Ireland business,” said Harris. “As one of the most sophisticated digital countries in the world, it’s an exciting time to help our advertisers make the most of what the web has to offer. I’m leaving Dublin with mixed emotions as I’m so proud of what we have achieved over the past few years.” A pivotal time for Google Meehan, who up until now was managing director of EMEA Sales (SMB) at Google where she led a 500-strong team and is now VP EMEA, Google Marketing Solutions, has been an ardent proponent for adding computer science to the Irish schools curriculum. Google’s Call to Code, which she spearheaded, saw a significant increase in female participation going from zero in 2014 to 15pc in 2015. “I’m honoured to be given the chance to represent this fantastic, diverse, fun and innovative site,” said Meehan. “The way we work with the community in Ireland is really important to us and I look forward to strengthening our relationships further. I can’t wait to further develop our culture and programmes in the years ahead,” Meehan said. Pictured: New head of Google in the UK, Ronan Harris. Image: Shane O’Neill Matt Brittin, president of EMEA business and operations at Google, said that Meehan will make an inspirational leader within the company. “Over the last few years, I’ve had the privilege of seeing Ronan and Fionnuala build tremendous teams and operations that help businesses and publishers grow across EMEA. With that experience, we have a great leader in Ronan for the UK and Ireland business at a pivotal time, and an inspirational leader in Ireland in Fionnuala.” Related: advertising, Google, leadership, education, search Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Google Ireland reports profits of €293m on revenues of €22.6bn 5 Nov 2016134 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Be part of a globally successful team Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Discovery Mary Moloney on how CoderDojo became a worldwide phenomenon 12 Aug 2016139 Shares Companies Mobile and video drive Alphabet Q2 profits skyward 29 Jul 20166 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Secret digital agency kickbacks scandal is about to hit Europe 9 Sep 2016598 Shares Life Child trumpeter gets into treble as €100k Google bill hits crescendo 6 Oct 20168 Shares Discovery Digital Youth Council calls on young leaders to join its ranks 10 Aug 2016125 Shares Latest News Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 3 hours ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 4 hours ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 4 hours ago World’s first prof of crystal engineering at new Limerick hub 5 hours ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 7 hours ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 8 hours ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 9 hours ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 10 hours ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 10 hours ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 10 hours ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 11 hours ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 12 hours ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 12 hours ago 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 12 hours ago 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code 12 hours ago Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal 12 hours ago Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 12 hours ago Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle 13 hours ago DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats 13 hours ago Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training 14 hours ago Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 3 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 3 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Google's Jamboard takes the whiteboard into the cloud by Wayne Manion  10:32 AM on October 27, 2016 Google had a big hardware event a couple weeks ago, but the search giant didn't show all of its physical devices then. The company has now announced the Jamboard, a digital whiteboard with a 55" 3840x2160 display and tight integration with Google's G Suite services. The manufacturer says the Jamboard's screen is "built for precision drawing" and has the "best-in-class touch response time." Google doesn't say what hardware specifications and software technology go into the Jamboard, though we wager it's based on Android or Chrome OS. Google is touting the Jamboard's ease of use as a selling point, saying it's designed to be brought into a room and readied for use just by powering it up. The device includes a video camera, microphone, speakers, and Wi-Fi connectivity. Potential buyers will surely cross-shop the Jamboard against Microsoft's Surface Hub. The Jamboard share the same size screen as the 55" Surface Hub, but that device has a mere 1080p screen. Buyers must opt for the pricier 84" Surface Hub to get a 4K screen. The final price of the Jamboard is said to be "under $6,000," compared to $9,000 for the 55" Surface Hub and a whopping $22,000 for the larger 84" 4K Surface Hub. Google says the Jamboard will ship to customers some time in 2017. The company says it will be partnering with BenQ and "its network of channels and resellers to help bring the Jamboard to market," suggesting the possibility that BenQ will build the device on Google's behalf. Tags: Systems Displays Input devices Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 27 GOOG: 795.35 -3.72 Latest Pushbullet update lets you to reply to Google Allo messages from your desktop Justin Duino - 3 weeks ago @jaduino Android pushbullet Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Pushbullet is an application that links your phone and computer together and gives you the power to not only respond to to text messages from your desktop but also send and receive links, files, and much more between all of your devices. Starting today, you will now be able to also respond to Google Allo messages right from your computer. Announced today on Pushbullet’s blog, Google Allo is the latest messaging application to work with the service’s notification mirroring. Google made Allo a mobile-only messaging service so there is not yet an official way to actually send messages from your desktop until now. If you want to try it for yourself, the first thing you need to do is download the Pushbullet application from the Play Store and enable notification mirroring once you have installed the app. Then simply download the companion Chrome extension or Windows desktop application and sign in with the same account as you used on your phone. Now, if setup properly, anytime you receive an Allo notification, you will be able to simply reply directly from your computer. You can grab Pushbullet on the Play Store for free. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide pushbullet View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Dart News & Updates Dart is an open-source, scalable programming language, with robust libraries and runtimes, for building web, server, and mobile apps. Thursday, October 27, 2016 Sub-second reloads for mobile developers with Flutter and Dart Developers inside and outside of Google have told us they are looking for a better way to build apps that delight all their users, without having to build the app twice. To help, we've been working closely with the Flutter team to build an open-source SDK that helps developers write beautiful UIs for all of mobile from a single codebase. Currently in technology preview, Flutter is being used by teams inside of Google. At the previous Dart Developer Summit, the Flutter team showed how they used Dart to render mobile graphics and spinning square. Fast-forward to today: the Flutter team demoed their near-complete implementation of material design and showed real apps built with Flutter running on iOS and Android. Flutter is different than other mobile SDKs. It's built with a best-in-class text rendering engine and the same 2D-to-GL library that Chrome (and others) use, which means its lowest layers are battle-hardened and proven. Flutter does not use the OEM widgets, instead it paints every pixel using its framework and graphics engine. This gives developers tremendous control and expressiveness across all of mobile. However, apps built with Flutter try to feel natural on iOS and Android; Flutter's framework embraces platform differences like scroll physics, iconography, fonts, and gestures. A key benefit of using Flutter is its extremely fast development cycle, thanks to the Dart VM and Flutter's functional-reactive framework. For both iOS and Android, hardware and emulators, developers using Flutter can experience sub-second dev cycles as they add and debug app UIs. The app's state is maintained during the reloads, which means developers can iterate very quickly without restarting their app for every change. "We measure our dev cycles in milliseconds", said Eric Seidel, engineer on Flutter. The new Flutter plugin for IntelliJ was also announced. Building on the existing strong support for Dart on the JetBrains platform, the Flutter plugin helps you run, debug, and hot reload on mobile devices and emulators from within a full IDE. Though much progress has been made, Flutter is still in technology preview. The Flutter and Dart teams are working to build out further features such as accessibility and a plugin architecture. To learn more about Flutter's tech preview, please visit flutter.io and github.com/flutter. Posted by Filip Hráček at 6:27 AM Email ThisShare to TwitterShare to Facebook Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Google+ Badge Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Dartiverse Dart homepage Dart language tour Dart blogs (unofficial) API docs Popular Posts Dart in 2017 and beyond We’re here at the Dart Developer Summit  in Munich, Germany. Over 250 developers from more than 50 companies from all over the world just ... The new Google AdSense user interface: built with AngularDart AdSense is a free, simple way to earn money by placing ads on your website. The team just launched a completely new version of their app for... Good-bye symlinks Dart 1.20 is now available. Get it now! Back in the Dart 1.19 release we introduced support for the .package file; our replacement for t... Sub-second reloads for mobile developers with Flutter and Dart Developers inside and outside of Google have told us they are looking for a better way to build apps that delight all their users, without h... AngularDart is going all Dart Until now, the multiple language flavors of Angular 2 were written as TypeScript source, and then automatically compiled to both JavaScript ... The new AdWords UI uses Dart — we asked why Google just announced a re-designed AdWords experience. In case you’re not familiar with AdWords: businesses use it to advertise on google.... What’s your favorite Dart feature? Earlier this year we had an ongoing thread where Googlers shared their favorite Dart feature—perhaps a less known one. We wanted to share... Dart 1.17: More performance improvements Dart 1.17 is now available.  Get it now! We continued the work from 1.16 of working closely with some of our key users at Google to make ... Dart for the Entire Web We work with many teams, inside and outside of Google, that use Dart every day to build business-critical apps. Their feedback is consistent... Dart Developer Summit announcements: AngularDart 2.0 and more The Dart Developer Summit is only 5 weeks ahead, and we’re excited about its agenda: 17 talks, many demos, 25 speakers, plus a lightning tal... Past News ▼  2016 (29) ▼  October (5) Sub-second reloads for mobile developers with Flut... Dart in 2017 and beyond Good-bye symlinks The new Google AdSense user interface: built with ... What’s your favorite Dart feature? ►  September (2) ►  August (2) ►  July (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (2) ►  April (4) ►  March (5) ►  February (1) ►  January (3) ►  2015 (24) ►  November (2) ►  October (1) ►  September (1) ►  August (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (2) ►  April (1) ►  March (8) ►  February (2) ►  January (2) ►  2014 (22) ►  December (1) ►  November (2) ►  October (5) ►  September (2) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  June (2) ►  May (2) ►  April (2) ►  February (2) ►  January (2) ►  2013 (78) ►  December (2) ►  November (4) ►  October (1) ►  September (2) ►  August (4) ►  July (2) ►  June (5) ►  May (9) ►  April (13) ►  March (11) ►  February (11) ►  January (14) ►  2012 (218) ►  December (21) ►  November (25) ►  October (17) ►  September (20) ►  August (24) ►  July (10) ►  June (19) ►  May (19) ►  April (14) ►  March (19) ►  February (22) ►  January (8) ►  2011 (13) ►  December (4) ►  November (5) ►  October (4) Simple template. Powered by Blogger.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Bulk Edit Attributes for Google My Business Listings Local Search  News October 27, 2016 Local Search News Matt SouthernOctober 27, 2016 SEJ STAFF 361SHARES 610READS 361SHARES 610READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 361SHARES 610READS A new feature added to Google My Business allows Google users to edit attributes for businesses using the bulk upload spreadsheet. Attributes include amenities such as “has Wi-FI”, “offers outdoor seating”, and other pieces of information that may be helpful to customers. Google says the next time you sign in to Google My Business you will likely have a lot of attributes to review all at once. To bulk edit attributes for the first time, follow this procedure: In your dashboard, accept all Google updates related to attributes. Download your locations. Edit attributes in your spreadsheet as necessary. Upload your updated spreadsheet to your account. After this initial review has been completed, there will be fewer attributes to review and edit during routine maintenance. Related Posts Google Places Adds Over 1,000 New Categories For International Business Listings Google Ads Can Now Show Ratings From Google My Business Listings Google Places Bulk Location Management Tool To Be Upgraded With New Features Google Is Sending Notifications About Duplicate Listings Issues In Google Places Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Bing to Launch Native Search Ads in the Beginning of 2017 - November 14, 2016 Google Unveils New Look for AdWords Price Extensions - November 14, 2016 Bing Ads Introduces App Install Ads in Pilot Program for US Advertisers - November 11, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Ronybhuyan Love it! You guys totally rock. Nice thinking Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.6K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.8K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.5K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.0K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.5K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Google Places Adds Over 1,000 New Categories For International Business Listings 2 Google Ads Can Now Show Ratings From Google My Business Listings 3 Google Places Bulk Location Management Tool To Be Upgraded With New Features 4 Google Is Sending Notifications About Duplicate Listings Issues In Google Places [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > How to sync multiple Google Calendars with your… How to sync multiple Google Calendars with your iOS device By Andy Boxall — October 27, 2016 4:00 AM Subscribe to this topic William Ivan/Unsplash Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends So you have several different Google Calendars, but have only managed to sync the primary one with your iPhone and iPad. Not to worry. Though it’s not the most intuitive system, by following these instructions, you’ll be up and running in no time. Knowing when you’re supposed to go to lunch with your boss has never been easier. Related: Learn to keep your calendar organized with our best Google-fu Syncing Google calendars with your iOS device Step 1: First, lets make sure your Calendar is properly synced. The process for doing so is identical on the iPhone and iPad, assuming you’re using the same version of iOS. Step 2: Go to Settings > Calendars and select Accounts > Add Account. If you’ve already added your Gmail account, then instead of tapping Add Account, choose Gmail account from the resulting list. Step 3: Toggle the slider directly right of Calendars to sync your Google calendars with your iOS device. If you’re setting up a new account, enter your Google credentials and a description of the calendar, and ensure that the Calendars option is toggled on. Syncing will begin when you open the Calendar app on your iPhone or iPad. Choosing which calendars to sync with your iOS device Step 1: To do this, you first need to visit the sync settings in Google Calendar. Step 2: If you’re signed into your Google account, you should see a list of all your calendars, with a check box next each to them. Tick the boxes beside the calendars you want to sync with your iOS device. Shared Calendars need to be selected individually, and they’re unchecked by default. This means you must repeat these last few steps when a new calendar is shared to ensure it syncs with your iOS device. Step 3: When you’re done selecting calendars, click the Save button in the bottom-right corner. Afterward, open the Calendar app on your iOS device and wait for it to sync. That’s it! All your calendars should be ready and waiting for you.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Patch will use ‘magical math’ to solve… Patch will use ‘magical math’ to solve Google Pixel’s camera lens flare problem By Christian de Looper — October 27, 2016 8:00 AM Subscribe to this topic Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The Google Pixel smartphone has been released to some pretty excellent reviews, and one of the selling points of the device is widely considered to be its camera. The camera isn’t perfect, however, and there have been complaints about a camera flare issue. Google seems well aware of the problem, and has both acknowledged it and said that it will develop a fix. No, you won’t have to take your device in and replace it with a new camera — Google will instead release a software patch that will apply some magical mathematics to solve the problem. Related: Google can’t keep up with Pixel and Pixel XL orders, expect shipment delays It’s important to note that camera lens flare is normal, but it seems as though the Pixel’s camera is a little more susceptible to it than most. If you take a photo in bright light, you’ll probably notice the lens flare, which will appear like a halo of light in the corners of the image. Lens flares are caused by the light reflecting inside the lens’ multiple pieces, creating circular spots on the image and also often reducing the image’s overall contrast. All camera lenses are prone to lens flare, as a Google representative pointed out. DSLR lens designers use multiple coatings to help prevent that reflection. On DLSR and mirrorless lenses, a hood or plastic “shade” can also help prevent light coming in from the most extreme angles that cause most flares. An employee of Google has posted in the Google Products Forum, saying that the issue is not, in fact, related to a defective device, and that all Pixel smartphones will likely experience the issue. The company thinks a fix is possible by tweaking the camera’s algorithms, which will detect the lens flare and subtract it from photos. According to the company, the update should be available in a few weeks, so hold tight until then if you’re a Pixel owner. Apart from the lens flare, the Google Pixel has overall been very well received, especially when it comes to the camera — in fact, some even go as far as to suggest that the Pixel can take on the iPhone in photo quality. Updated on 10-27-2016 by Hillary Grigonis: Added information on what causes lens flares.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Business > Calling foul: Encryption service ProtonMail… Calling foul: Encryption service ProtonMail accuses Google of burying its search results By Jonathan Keane — October 27, 2016 8:19 AM Subscribe to this topic Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Swiss email encryption startup ProtonMail has accused Google of hiding its site from search results, saying it “almost killed” the service. In a blog post, ProtonMail co-founder Andy Yen explained that for the better part of a year, ProtonMail was hidden from search results for terms like “secure email” and “encrypted email.” Yen said this raised suspicions at the company, which claims to be the world’s largest encrypted email provider. During the summer of 2015, it was ranked high in search results. That all changed around the end of October last year. “ProtonMail was mysteriously no longer showing up for searches of our two main keywords,” he said. The sudden drop in ranking led to ProtonMail’s income falling by 25 percent, it claims. The apparent alteration in search standing was particularly ill-timed for the company as it had just released a second version of its service, launched its mobile apps, and grown its user base to a million. Related: Want to encrypt your email? ProtonMail is finally out on iOS and Android This should have all, in theory, pushed up its rankings, but after consulting SEO experts, ProtonMail determined that Google had to be pushing it down the search results rankings. Yen and the team point to other search engines where ProtonMail was performing just fine, and added that it has never used any so-called “blackhat SEO tactics” or other shady methods that some websites employ to boost their ranking. Below is an example of how ProtonMail ranked in August of this year in various search engines using the main search terms cited above: Attempts to get in touch with Google were fruitless, as the search giant’s president for EMEA strategic relationships did not respond. As a result, ProtonMail went public on Twitter, calling out Google for its supposed actions. The public outcry, according to ProtonMail, led to Google finally replying. It “fixed something” and ProtonMail was returned to its original ranking but there was no further explanation. Coincidentally this was around the same that Google was being penalized by the European Commission for antitrust violations, which centered around findings that the company lowered search results for competitors. Yen believes ProtonMail is a Google competitor because it is providing an encrypted email alternative to Gmail. “Our goal isn’t really to shame Google or to force them to provide an explanation, it is more that we owe it to our users and supporters to be transparent,” Yen explained to Digital Trends in an email. He hasn’t had any contact with Google since the blog post was published. He stated Google was a clear “anomaly” in this case as no other search engine ranked ProtonMail so low. “That’s what made us very suspicious about this in the first place actually. Needless to say, we are monitoring all search engines very carefully now for this type of behavior.” Also watch: Google Launches Video-calling App Duo Please enable Javascript to watch this video
About us Advertise Newsletter Contact us A.I. Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Infosec Internet of Things Martech Wearable Tech Cashless Society Part 3 – Digital Wallets and More… Posted October 27, 2016 By Josh Hamilton Digital Wallets and More… To finish off our Cashless Society series I want to look at the Fintech giants that are leading the digital money revolution. Whilst services like Apple Pay and Google Wallet have become more widely available, they haven’t quite taken off yet. They seem to be offering the transition to the digital economy that we are told is all but inevitable, but they haven’t managed to take off in the way that say, contactless cards have. Jordan McKee, an analyst at 451 research commented that, “Mobile wallets haven’t yet proven they are measurably better than incumbent payment mechanisms, which general work quite well”. Avivah Litan, an Analyst at Gartner, put the lack of uptake of digital wallets down to the ease of current systems, “It’s incredibly easy to swipe or dip a credit or debit card at a payment terminal and U.S. consumers are used to this mature payment application where they know they are well protected from financial loss…..It will take a lot of persuasion and financial incentives to get consumers to change their payment habits.” Apple Pay Apple Pay is built around contactless payment technology. It pulls your credit cards, debit cards, and other sensitive-payment data from the Wallet app, enabling you to use an iPhone or Apple Watch like a contactless card at store checkouts. Apple Pay is growing fast as well, with some experts commenting that it could well be Apple’s saviour. Users of Apple Pay completed more transactions in September 2016 than they did in the entire year of 2015. And on top of that transaction volume was up 500% in the fourth quarter, compared to the same quarter in 2015. Someone in Kensington, England, even used the service to pay for a 1964 Aston Martin DB5 worth over $1 million. This growth can be partially attributed to the expansion in service from just the US and the UK, to now include Switzerland, Canada, Australia, China, France, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and Russia, with Spain soon to follow. Apple has also expanded the payment service to the web, to enable it to be used on mobile phones and desktop computers through Safari, and to be used in apps like Uber or Starbucks. According to CEO Tim Cook, hundreds of thousands of websites are now Apple Pay ready. Google Wallet/Android Pay Android Pay has been developed by Google to power NFC (Near Field Communication) payments with phones, tablets, and watches, as a rival to Apple Pay. At the minute, they are only in the US, UK, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia – lagging behind Apple on the availability of the service – though they are rumoured to be starting up in Canada in the near future! They have also have benefitted from the expansion of MasterPass to cover Google Wallet transactions online, expanding their coverage and viability as an alternative to Apple Pay. Android pay is available to use, in the countries it operates, nearly everywhere that Apple Pay is (though you might not see branding in quite the same way) and has a major bonus in that you can collect rewards for purchases, unlike Apple Pay. These digital wallets operate under varied circumstances, but the premise and underlying goals remain similar. Yet, despite their adoption by major providers, there are still alternatives that are being implemented by retailers and businesses. Retailers Alternatives Aside from all the fanfare of mega-investments from Apple, Samsung and Google in NFC on smartphones, Starbucks, Dunkin’ Donuts and Walmart Pay allow customers to pay using a QR code displayed on a smartphone, which is a much most cost effective alternative. Starbucks customers spent an estimated $3 billion using the Starbucks app, though the success of apps of this nature can be partially attributed to the customer loyalty that the apps build with vouchers and offers for users. Nitesh Patel, an analyst at Strategy Analytics, suggested that this could be the main reason for their success over digital wallets, “so far, mobile wallets, particularly NFC, have yet to integrate payments with loyalty in a compelling way…. You need a single tap to redeem or accumulate points and coupons”. Ultimately, the frills of the service are what is going to sell it to the general public, and digital wallets just don’t have those frills yet (especially Apple Pay, though it makes up for it somewhat in its widespread adoption). Ultimately, we are still very early on in the transition to a cashless society. The technology is all but there, but the infrastructure and cultural acceptance hasn’t quite got there. It isn’t clear quite yet as to whether the digital wallet market will remain as open or competitive, or whether it will become an Android vs Apple battle. We shall simply have to wait and see who establishes themselves as the frontrunner. By Josh Hamilton Author More Articles About Josh Hamilton An aspiring journalist and writer from Belfast, Northern Ireland, living in London, Ontario. Lover of music, politics, tech and life. View Website The Dark Side of AI Part 3 – The Brighter Side - November 14, 2016 The Dark Side of AI Part 2 – What Are We Doing About It? - November 11, 2016 The Continued Growth of the SaaS Travel Industry - November 10, 2016 AI: The Dark Side – Part 1 - November 9, 2016 The DDoS Attack That Shook The World - October 27, 2016View All Articles Big Data, Cloud Computing, Fintech, Security Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Security: Avoiding A Hatton Garden-Style Data Center Heist Data Center Protection In April 2015, one of the world’s biggest jewelry heists occurred at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company in London. Posing as workmen, the criminals entered the building through a lift shaft and cut through a 50cm-thick concrete wall with an industrial power drill. Once inside, the criminals had free and unlimited… Contributor Archive - Posted by Yoav Shay Daniely Don’t Be Intimidated By Data Governance Data Governance Data governance, the understanding of the raw data of an organization is an area IT departments have historically viewed as a lose-lose proposition. Not doing anything means organizations run the risk of data loss, data breaches and data anarchy – no control, no oversight – the Wild West with IT is just hoping… Contributor Archive - Posted by CloudTweaks Which Is Better For Your Company: Cloud-Based or On-Premise ERP Deployment? Cloud-Based or On-Premise ERP Deployment? You know how enterprise resource management (ERP) can improve processes within your supply chain, and the things to keep in mind when implementing an ERP system. But do you know if cloud-based or on-premise ERP deployment is better for your company or industry? While cloud computing is becoming more and… Contributor Archive - Posted by Aaron Continelli 5 Ways To Ensure Your Cloud Solution Is Always Operational Ensure Your Cloud Is Always Operational We have become so accustomed to being online that we take for granted the technological advances that enable us to have instant access to everything and anything on the internet, wherever we are. In fact, it would likely be a little disconcerting if we really mapped out all that… Contributor Archive - Posted by Allan Leinwand Cost of the Cloud: Is It Really Worth It? Cost of the Cloud Cloud computing is more than just another storage tier. Imagine if you’re able to scale up 10x just to handle seasonal volumes or rely on a true disaster-recovery solution without upfront capital. Although the pay-as-you-go pricing model of cloud computing makes it a noticeable expense, it’s the only solution for many… Contributor Archive - Posted by Vineet Jain Ending The Great Enterprise Disconnect Five Requirements for Supporting a Connected Workforce It used to be that enterprises dictated how workers spent their day: stuck in a cubicle, tied to an enterprise-mandated computer, an enterprise-mandated desk phone with mysterious buttons, and perhaps an enterprise-mandated mobile phone if they traveled. All that is history. Today, a modern workforce is dictating how… Contributor Archive - Posted by Craig Walker Virtual Immersion And The Extension/Expansion Of Virtual Reality Virtual Immersion And Virtual Reality This is a term I created (Virtual Immersion). Ah…the sweet smell of Virtual Immersion Success! Virtual Immersion© (VI) an extension/expansion of Virtual Reality to include the senses beyond visual and auditory. Years ago there was a television commercial for a bathing product called Calgon. The tagline of the commercial was Calgon… Contributor Archive - Posted by Scott Andersen Cloud-based GRC Intelligence Supports Better Business Performance Cloud-based GRC Intelligence All businesses need a strategy and processes for governance, risk and compliance (GRC). Many still view GRC activity as a burdensome ‘must-do,’ approaching it reactively and managing it with non-specialized tools. GRC is a necessary business endeavor but it can be elevated from a cost drain to a value-add activity. By integrating… Contributor Archive - Posted by Vidya Phalke What You Need To Know About Choosing A Cloud Service Provider Selecting The Right Cloud Services Provider How to find the right partner for cloud adoption on an enterprise scale The cloud is capable of delivering many benefits, enabling greater collaboration, business agility, and speed to market. Cloud adoption in the enterprise has been growing fast. Worldwide spending on public cloud services will grow at a… Contributor Archive - Posted by Nicholas Lee Popular Article Archive Cloud Infographic – What Is The Internet of Things? Shadow IT To Remain A Focus For Both Cloud Vendors And CIOs How Formal Verification Can Thwart Change-Induced Network Outages and Breaches Containerization: The Bold Face Of The Cloud In 2016 The Future Of Work: What Cloud Technology Has Allowed Us To Do Better Business Analytics Vs Data Science Cloud Computing Price War Rages On Cloud Infographic – The Internet Of Things In 2020 Using Big Data To Analyze Venture Capitalists’ Ability To Recognize Potential Protecting Your Web Applications In A Hybrid Cloud Environment Digital Transformation: Not Just For Large Enterprises Anymore Consequences Of Combining Off Premise Cloud Storage and Corporate Data What Top SaaS Vendors Do To Ensure Successful Onboarding The Internet of Things – Redefining The Digital World As We Know It Cloud Computing – The Real Story Is About Business Strategy, Not Technology Battling With Bandwidth – Average Cost of DDoS Attack Was $40,000 An Hour Big Data Progressions and Predictions of Marketing Technology The Skill & Training Mandates of Big Data IBM to Double Workloads on SAP HANA® on a Single Server Technology Influencer in Chief: 5 Steps to Success for Today’s CMOs Edutech Why Cloud Computing and Education Fit Hand in Glove Higher Education Institutions Increasing Cloud Use In Next 5 Years Infographic: 12 Interesting Big Data Careers To Explore How Secure Is Your School Campus Network? Fintech Tesco Bank Breach – Why Fintech Security Is Imperative Fintech Report: Financial Services Sector Ouissam Youssef: The Value of a Vertical Market Orientation Big Data’s Significant Role In Fintech Infosec Tesco Bank Breach – Why Fintech Security Is Imperative Fintech Report: Financial Services Sector Technology Influencer in Chief: 5 Steps to Success for Today’s CMOs Distil Networks Releases Bot Mitigation Industry’s First Hi-Def Fingerprinting Solution IoT (Internet of Things) Combining IoT Gizmo Kits With Your 3D Printer The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Direct Reporting Progressions and Predictions of Marketing Technology Data Management and the Internet of Things Wearabletech Combining IoT Gizmo Kits With Your 3D Printer The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Direct Reporting The Lighter Side Of The Cloud – Zero Activity Embedded Sensors and the Wearable Personal Cloud CloudTweaks © 2009-2017 View Full Site Connect Contributor Network Comic Library Vendors Contact Us 36shares
Twitter Facebook RSS Navigate News Pages Building Central Oregon Business & Industry Business Profiles Central Oregon Economic Indicators Central Oregon RESET City Spotlights Editorial E-Headlines Healthcare Hot News Money & Investments Feature Section Spotlight on the Community Transportation Calendar Business Events Art and Community Events Workshops Business Tips Customer Service Development/Planning Financial Import-Export Internet Legal Marketing Networking Personnel Retailing Sales Trade Shows Advertising Distribution Rates & Editorial Calendar Businesses For Sale Resources Accomplished Under 40 Community Resources Local Chambers What Businesses Are Saying Women in Business Nomination Form View Complete Cascade Business News Online Central Oregon Nonprofit Organizations Archives Building Central Oregon-Archives Business & Industry-Archives Business Spotlight-Archives Editorial-Archives Feature Section-Archives Healthcare-Archives Hot News-Archives Money and Investments-Archives Spotlight on the Community-Archives Transportation-Archives E-Headlines-Archives Got News? Contact Us Subscriptions You are at:Home»News Pages»E-Headlines»Google Express Comes to Bend, Will Roll Out to All Shoppers in Oregon in The Coming Weeks Google Express Comes to Bend, Will Roll Out to All Shoppers in Oregon in The Coming Weeks 0 By CBN on October 27, 2016 E-Headlines Google launches Google Express, a fast delivery service, in Bend Google is expanding the Google Express service to a large portion of the Northwest and Southeast: Kentucky, Utah, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Idaho, Montana, Oregon and Washington. Now, over 70 million more people will have access to two-day delivery shopping at stores like Costco, Whole Foods Market, PetSmart, Kohl’s and more – right from their mobile phones or laptops. Since first launching Google Express, Google has worked alongside retailers to help people get the items they use every day. Google Express makes it easy for shoppers to get the things they need in one convenient place, from multiple stores, giving them more time back in their week for the activities they love. “Our goal with Google Express is to offer a great shopping experience and connect people with their favorite stores,” said Brian Elliott, general manager of Google Express. “Today, we’re very excited to be further expanding our efforts — making it easy for millions in Bend and the entire state of Oregon to get things they need from stores they love — delivered fast.” Starting on October 25, shoppers in Bend have two options to enjoy delivery from their favorite local retailers through Google Express:          Membership for $95/ year          Pay-as-you-go: as low as $4.99 per order To learn more about how to get started with Google Express, visit google.com/express Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email About Author CBN Related Posts November 14, 2016 0 NetEnt Q3 Profits Up November 10, 2016 0 Triple Your Impact: Pacific Power Will Match Your Contribution To Oregon Energy Fund 2-For-1 November 10, 2016 0 Office Politics: An Office Divided Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Most Read This Week posted on November 8, 2016 Mountain Air Indoor Trampoline Center Will Be First of Its Kind in Central Oregon posted on November 8, 2016 Porsche Chosen Redmond Community Development Director posted on November 10, 2016 Office Politics: An Office Divided Subscribe to our FREE E-News Headlines Tuesdays & Thursdays Email About CASCADE BUSINESS NEWS Cascade Business News, Central Oregon's business newspaper, is a local, family owned and operated by Pamela Hulse Andrews and Jeff Martin. CBN is published the first and third Wednesdays of each month. CBN is a division of Cascade Publications Inc. Recent Articles November 14, 2016 0 NetEnt Q3 Profits Up November 10, 2016 0 Triple Your Impact: Pacific Power Will Match Your Contribution To Oregon Energy Fund 2-For-1 November 10, 2016 0 Office Politics: An Office Divided Town & Country Copyright © 2014 Cascade Publications. Developed by Five Talent. Privacy Policy Sitemap
null
null
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Extreme Google Brain’s neural-net AI dreams up its own encryption strategy Google Brain’s neural-net AI dreams up its own encryption strategy By Jessica Hall on October 27, 2016 at 10:30 am Comment It’s fun to write about developments in artificial intelligence like they’re harbingers of an impending AIpocalypse. Jokes about our new robot overlords notwithstanding, computers are getting scary smart these days, and it’s not always flattering to compare humans with AI. The machines can outperform humans in a lot of important ways: we routinely trust robot surgeons, diagnostic databases, and autopilot chauffeurs with our lives, just to name a few. Google is among those pushing the horizon of AI superiority further and further. The company’s neural net/machine learning project, Google Brain, has been working on problems in medical imaging, robotics, and natural language processing, among others. “Google is not really a search company. It’s a machine-learning company,” Matthew Zeiler, a Google Brain alumnus, told Wired. Now a team from Google Brain has demonstrated that neural networks can learn to protect the confidentiality of their data from other neural networks. We’re not exactly up to Cortana-level intelligence (the AI from Halo, not the Microsoft digital assistant), but steps like this are still important. The team started with three neural nets: Alice, Bob, and Eve. Alice was supposed to send Bob a secret message, while Eve attempted to eavesdrop. To give Eve a challenge, Alice had to convert her plaintext message into cipher text, in a way that Bob could understand and decrypt, but Eve couldn’t. Both Alice and Bob started their conversation in possession of a predetermined string of numbers, the key. Beyond that, though, the Google Brain team didn’t teach the neural nets any cryptographic algorithms. They just set up the system, plugged it in, and walked away to watch. The neural nets didn’t disappoint. Alice slowly dreamed up her own method of encryption, which process Bob followed to learn how it worked. After getting some practice, Bob could translate Alice’s cipher back into plaintext, but passive adversary Eve was still on her own; even after lots of tries, her results were no better than random chance. Alice’s cipher was simple, and as the authors note in their report, “Neural networks are generally not meant to be great at cryptography.” This still evokes images of Jarvis battling Ultron, or Neuromancer and Wintermute. But the larger point here is that while Alice’s method of encryption was simple, it also represents something that the neural network arrived at on its own  — something that Bob was able to follow, while Eve could not. For now, these cryptographic schemes are relatively easy for humans to perceive and break. But the day may one day come when two computers working together can self-generate a custom encryption scheme more robust than anything humans can imagine, then discard within minutes and create a new one as a form of information security. Now read: Artificial neural networks are changing the world. What are they? Tagged In google robots artificial intelligence ai machine learning neural networks cryptography google brain neural net Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Samsung buys Harman: further proof the car is the biggest consumer electronics device Nov 14 China declares it will stop selling iPhones if Trump imposes tariffs Nov 14 China retains its lead with the two fastest supercomputers in the world Nov 14 Big boost for self-driving cars: Osram cuts lidar cost to less than $50 Nov 14 ET deals: NetGear Mingle LTE hotspot for $20 with unlimited data until 2017 Nov 14 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement AdChoices Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 50° F Broken Clouds Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge wins national award Updated: 7 mins ago Connecticut DOT wins top honor in national contest for New Haven’s Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge. Obama says Trump ‘sincere’ about being president for all Americans Updated: 54 mins ago (CNN)–President Barack Obama encouraged Americans Monday to give President-elect Donald Trump some time to get adjusted to the responsibilit… Orange Man Charged With Moving Property Line Marker 6:00 pm New study could have older women thinking twice about all that protein 5:57 pm Ask the Lawyer: Legalizing recreational marijuana 5:49 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 50° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 50° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 74% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 6:39 AM Sunset: 4:32 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 50° F Broken Clouds Hi: 61° F Lo: 44° F Sale or no sale, changes could come to Twitter users By Associated Press Published: October 27, 2016, 10:37 am Updated: October 27, 2016, 12:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (MGN/EnHighways England, Flickr, CC BY 2.0) NEW YORK (AP) — Sale or no sale, Twitter users are bound to see changes as the beleaguered communications service tries to broaden its appeal to more people and advertisers. A new owner could clean up Twitter and curb some of the nastiness that’s become synonymous with it. Or perhaps a new owner would just show more ads. Or let it languish while it mines the best of what Twitter now has into its existing products and services. All of this is speculation, of course, and there might not even be a new owner. Twitter’s stock has plunged after rumored bidders are, well, rumored to be no longer interested. On Thursday, the company announced that it would cut 9 percent of its workforce globally as its revenue growth slowed. While adjusted earnings beat Wall Street expectations, it reported a loss of almost $103 million before one-time charges and costs are removed. A new parent — whether that’s Google (huh?), Salesforce (who?) or Disney (hmm…) — could inject fresh life into a 10-year-old company that’s never turned a profit and remains confounding to many people. Of course, none of these potential suitors have acknowledged interest in Twitter, let alone their plans for it. Even if Twitter stays independent, drastic changes to its service might just be what Twitter needs to be competitive with Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. How might it change? ___ TWITTER BECOMES MORE LIKE ITS NEW OWNER, IF THERE IS ONE Facebook’s absorption of Instagram and WhatsApp in recent years could offer clues. Both services have kept separate identities, to an extent, and have experienced user growth. But slowly, they are acquiring Facebook-like features. For example, Instagram no longer presents feeds chronologically; they are now sorted much like Facebook’s news feed, using some secret formula known only to Facebook. Though the change has turned off some early Instagram users, its user base has soared, to 500 million as of June. That’s nearly 200 million more than Twitter, even though Instagram is three years younger. As Instagram gets more users and a mainstream appeal, its content has diluted somewhat. But many of the street photographers, graffiti artists and tween mini-celebrities who made Instagram what it is are still there — maybe just harder to find. ___ STAYS THE SAME BUT WITH MORE ADS Twitter has never turned a profit, and whoever buys it will need to fix this. That means boosting the user base, so advertisers would follow. That also could mean better targeting, so that ad rates go up. Google, anyone? The search giant is the leader in online ads. Imagine what its might and muscle could do to Twitter’s ad business. YouTube hardly had any ads when Google bought it; now, ads are so prevalent that YouTube is able to charge $10 a month for an ad-free version called Red. Instagram has also inserted ads into users’ feeds of perfectly composed snapshots featuring everything from cappuccino foam to seafoam. It started out slowly with a carefully curated ad here and there, but today you’re not likely to avoid ads when opening the app. ___ A TOOL FOR BRANDS, NOT REVOLUTION Jonathan Cowperthwait, a Twitter user since 2008, said he’d be worried if Google bought Twitter because the online search giant “is the worst” at social services that aim to foster online interactions, beyond email. Its Google Plus service never took off; Orkut and Dodgeball closed. Cowperthwait said that rather than let Twitter live independently, Google might “try to shoehorn it back into their own social product.” Salesforce, a company that provides internet services to businesses, has also been mentioned as a contender, leading to a lot of head-scratching among users. Would Twitter become a business product, used for customer service and marketing instead of revolutions, neo-Nazi memes and political outbursts? “Salesforce is a very technology-driven company,” eMarketer analyst Debra Aho Williamson said. “It seems they would want (Twitter) mostly for the data that Twitter has.” ___ THE LITTLE BIRD FALLS OUT OF THE NEST Remember MySpace? It was — the — social network before Facebook came along. News Corp., the stodgy media conglomerate, bought it for $580 million in 2005. But users started falling off as MySpace failed to keep up with Facebook’s speedy innovations. After layoffs and failed relaunches, News Corp. sold the fallen giant for $35 million in 2011, and that was just about the end of it. It’s not unthinkable that Twitter could suffer the same fate under a big media company. ___ SILENCE! Walt Disney’s reputation as a squeaky-clean, family-friendly company is perhaps the clearest antithesis to Twitter’s soul, as many users see it — even though Disney is much bigger than Mickey Mouse and owns ABC, Marvel and the “Star Wars” franchise, among other properties. “My chief fear is that Disney will wield Twitter as one large PR machine to prop up their image and squash dissent,” said Timothy Hayes, an Ohio State University student who says he fell in love with Twitter in high school. “The Mouse is not above silencing (its) opponents.” Some users, on the other hand, might welcome some thorough housecleaning that goes beyond the steps Twitter is currently taking to curb abuse and nasty behavior on its service. One Twitter user, New York attorney Danny Mann, says that while Google has improved YouTube “in ways that were unimaginable at the time,” he finds many of his fellow YouTube users difficult to deal with. In this sense, it’s possible that even with Google’s weight behind it, the abusive and nasty nature of many Twitter comments would remain as is. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Yahoo says hackers stole info from 500 million user accounts Apple adds keyboard touch functions to Mac in major refresh Uber takes its app down new road with redesign Zuckerberg: ‘Crazy’ to say Facebook influenced election Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SuperMoon ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ T-Mobile Courts Pixel Owners With Half-Price Promotion T-Mobile Courts Pixel Owners With Half-Price Promotion By Angela Moscaritolo October 27, 2016 11:02am EST 10 Comments Bring your Pixel to T-Mobile and get up to 50 percent back off the retail price. T-Mobile is courting Pixel owners with a new promotion. Starting tomorrow, those with a Google Pixel smartphone can bring their handset to the self-proclaimed "un-carrier" and get up to 50 percent back off the retail price—up to $325—by signing up for T-Mobile One. "If you think you can only purchase and use the Pixel on Verizon… that's simply not true!" T-Mobile said in its announcement. To take advantage of this offer, just purchase an unlocked Pixel from Google or anywhere else, sign up for T-Mobile One, and head over to the company's validation site to provide proof of purchase. After doing so, you'll see a $13.55 credit on your monthly bill for 24 months, totaling $325, or half the cost of a 32GB Pixel. "Don't let the 'exclusive' advertisements fool you, the Pixel phone is tested and proven to be fantastic on our lightning fast network, and we want to help you get the best of both worlds," T-Mobile President and CEO John Legere said in a statement. "I'm a huge fan of what Google has done with the Pixel and now consumers can use it the way it should be used — with truly unlimited data on the fastest 4G LTE network in America." If you want to take advantage of this deal, you better act fast as this is a limited-time promotion. //Related Articles Here's Why Google Is Lying in its Pixel Ads T-Mobile One, launched in August, replaced the company's old data plans with a new unlimited pricing model. The new plans are "100 percent unlimited" for smartphones and tablets, offering all-you-can-eat talk, text, and 4G LTE smartphone data. Customers who use more than 26GB of high-speed data per month might also "see their data traffic prioritized behind other users once they cross that threshold," T-Mobile said. The Pixel, meanwhile, arrived earlier this month as a Verizon exclusive, which is slightly misleading. It's true that of the big four US carriers, you can only purchase it directly through Verizon. But the phone is also available unlocked via the Google Play Store, which lets you hook up your Pixel to a wide range of service plans from major and minor carriers like Google's Project Fi, Republic Wireless, and now T-Mobile. Back to top Previous : Samsung Still No. 1 Smartphone Vendor, Despite Note 7 Debacl... Google Offers $50 in Play Credit for Late Pixel Deliveries Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Relax, Your Facebook Friends (Probably) Aren't Dead Someone tell Facebook that Day of the Dead already passed. More » Check Out GameStop's Black Friday Deals Get ready for deals on Xbox One S bundles, Alienware Steam Machines, and more. More » Preserve Your Data With AT&T Stream Saver Plus, AT&T's move to exempt DirecTV streaming from mobile data caps has drawn net neutrality concern... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish T-Mobile One Ups Verizon On Google Pixel With $325 In Bill Credits By Adnan Farooqui on 10/27/2016 08:19 PST Many might not have seen the logic in Google making the Pixel smartphones exclusive to Verizon in the United States but if there’s one thing that T-Mobile likes to do is one up the competition. The carrier’s CEO teased yesterday that Magenta will soon reveal some “BIG news” about the Pixel and we now know what that is. T-Mobile is going to give $325 in bill credits to any and all Google Pixel customers who buy the handset unlocked and move to Magenta. So basically, it’s giving them half-off on one of the hottest devices on the market right now. Even though it has made Pixel exclusive to Verizon, Google is selling the unlocked and off-contract version of its new flagship directly to customers. All they need to do is pay full price for the device and then move to T-Mobile which will give them $325 in bill credits. Starting tomorrow, customers who have purchased their Pixel from Google or anywhere else can sign up for this offer. They will need to get on T-Mobile One and then give the carrier their proof of purchase via its validation site within 30 days. Once that’s done the carrier will give them 24 monthly credits of $13.55 per month. “Don’t let the ‘exclusive’ advertisements fool you, the Pixel phone is tested and proven to be fantastic on our lightning fast network, and we want to help you get the best of both worlds! I’m a huge fan of what Google has done with the Pixel and now consumers can use it the way it should be used – with truly unlimited data on the fastest 4G LTE network in America!,” said T-Mobile CEO John Legere. While many would have hoped that T-Mobile would start selling the Pixel directly, that’s not the case, but for those who don’t want to be on Verizon and would like to save some money in the process, this is surely the next best thing. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google, pixel, T-Mobile and Verizon. Source: newsroom.t-mobile Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-11-01 T-Mobile's Pixel Offer Now Live For Simple Choice Unlimited Customers Too 2016-10-27 Google’s Pixel Phones Could Be Headed For T-Mobile 2016-10-26 Bootloader Of Verizon’s Pixel Phones Have Been Unlocked 2016-10-20 Verizon Offering Up To $300 In Trade-In Credit If You Buy A Pixel Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         T-Mobile wants you to bring the Google Pixel to its network, will give you $325 for doing so Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 27, 2016 75 shares 67 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               T-Mobile may not be selling the Google Pixel directly, but the Un-carrier today announced a new deal to tempt you to bring a Pixel to its network. Starting October 28, T-Mobile will give you $325 in bill credits if you buy a Pixel and bring it to T-Mo. To qualify, you’ll need to buy a Pixel or Pixel XL from Google or anywhere else and then sign up for a T-Mobile One plan. You’ll then need to provide T-Mobile with your proof of purchase. After you follow those steps, you’ll begin to receive 24 monthly bill credits worth $13.55 each. These will add up to $325, which is half the cost of a 32GB Google Pixel. This is a limited time deal, so if you want to take advantage, you should order your Pixel as soon as possible. It’s worth noting that the Google Store is currently out of stock of several Pixel models, and those that it is selling are a couple of weeks away from shipping. You can also purchase a Pixel from Best Buy or Verizon, both of which are selling “Verizon” Pixels that come carrier unlocked. Some T-Mobile customers were hoping that today’s news would be that T-Mo was planning to sell the Pixel directly so that they could buy it on EIP or JUMP! On Demand. That’s not the case, though, as Verizon has an “exclusive” on the Pixel phones. If you’re ok with signing up for a T-Mobile One plan and intend on sticking with the Un-carrier for a couple of years, this deal will take away some of the sting of the Pixel’s cost. Source:  T-Mobile Android Business and Money T-Mobile Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Products mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Previous ArticleAfter Laying Off Employees, Twitter Announces the End of Vine Next ArticleGoogle acknowledges 'Halo effect' that some Pixel owners see in photos, will release update to address it Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts The coolest gadget from this week: Microsoft's Surface Dial BlackBerry Executive Says DTEK60 Comparable With iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel XL After Laying Off Employees, Twitter Announces the End of Vine Samsung Debunks Rumors of Galaxy S8 Early Release Date, Promises Not to Make Same Mistake View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt 5 Things SMBs Should Consider Before Migrating to the Cloud By Alexander Negrash | Oct 27, 2016 CHANNEL: Information Management SMBs should make thoughtful, strategic decisions and evaluate risks before migrating to the cloud. PHOTO: Tim Gouw The cloud is the new normal. In fact, the vast majority of IT businesses have already migrated to the cloud. Cost is not longer a deal breaker, even for small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs). But if your SMB is debating the merits of cloud services, it's important to make a thoughtful, strategic move that includes analysis of potential risks. The main objective should be increasing the efficiency of your corporate IT systems — and not just following the crowd.  So, let’s take a closer look at cloud migration and the pitfalls SMBs should take into account. 1. The Cloud Comes with Risks Putting business data “somewhere on the web” may raise concerns about keeping all-important assets at hand, within a business owner’s own space.  Common concerns about using a cloud infrastructure are: Data security Availability Data security is the most important issue for those who consider moving their data to remote storage. Everyone needs to be sure that unauthorized users will not have access to it, which is why major cloud vendors are keen to fulfill security-related demands of their customers. Public cloud IaaS hardware and software spending from 2015 to 2026, by segment (in billion US dollars).PHOTO: Statistica Another issue is: What if the Internet connection goes down? Corporate customers should have high-speed Internet access with a reserve channel to handle any type of forced offline. However, modern cloud vendors guarantee uptime and responsiveness of their solutions through special service-level agreements (SLAs). They allow you to scale up your business by means of cloud infrastructure resources without keeping in mind available hardware resources. It is also possible to avoid payment for underutilized systems, thanks to the pay-as-you-go model. 2. Top 3 Providers to Consider There are few big cloud vendors in the market, but only three companies have formidable rosters of cloud solutions that meet the needs of any customer: Amazon Web Service, Google Cloud Platform and Microsoft Azure. Each of them owns a huge worldwide network of data storage and computing facilities. Azure VM vs. Amazon EC2 vs. Google CE: Cloud Computing ComparisonPHOTO: CloudBerry Blog 3. The Cloud Comes with Migration Tools Take the time to explore what migration scenarios are offered by vendors. Most server applications have native data export tools for moving documents and databases to the cloud, as well as for creating a virtual infrastructure. If a network with an Active Directory server is to be moved to Azure Cloud, it might be convenient just to set up an Azure AD account and then synchronize the on-premise AD network with Azure AD. A similar solution is available for the MS SQL Server migration to Azure. AWS allows restoring SQL Server databases backup directly to Amazon RDS (Relational Database Service). You can also link on-premises resources directly to AWS cloud with AWS Direct Connect. With Google Cloud Platform, it is possible to import Linux-based systems into Compute Engine as new virtual machine instances. A raw disk image, an Amazon Machine Image and a VirtualBox image are also supported. It is recommend researching all migration solutions offered by each vendor and choosing the one that best fulfill your needs. You can start by checking the following cloud guides: AWS Cloud Data Migration Move data between on-premises sources and Azure with Data Management Gateway Migrate data to and from Google Cloud Platform If you need to transfer a small IT infrastructure, check out cloud backup software that can create a snapshot of your physical server and then restore it as an Amazon EC2 instance. 4. Image-Based Backup & Recovery: A Good Solution for SMBs SMBs have smaller IT infrastructures with a few applications not related to each other. It is therefore possible to use a more unified tool for any server migration without significant consequences. There are cloud backup solutions with image-level backup and restore functionality that are integrated within Azure, AWS and Google cloud platforms. These backup tools are capable of moving an infrastructure unit to the cloud with the least possible complications. Here is how image-based migration works: Backup your server. Сreate a point-in-time snapshot of the system. Snapshot data includes settings, preferences, installed software, files and networking options. Upload to the cloud. Transfer an image of your system to the cloud. Restore as a cloud VM. Spin up a new virtual machine in the cloud and restore physical server to that instance While image-based migration is a good way to get a server to the cloud, you should know about application-specific requirements. The first example that comes to mind is Microsoft Active Directory recovery issues. There are other apps that can cause some issues after image-level restoration, so check app’s restoring and migration guide before proceeding. 5. Estimate Costs While estimating the cost of migration to the cloud and its further usage, consider the following: Cloud services pricing. It is convenient to pay on a regular basis have the option to “freeze” unnecessary resources. Note that computing and storage resources are typically billed separately. Below are cost calculators for Amazon, Google and Microsoft: AWS Simple Monthly Calculator Azure Pricing Calculator Google Cloud Platform Pricing Calculator Application licenses cost. It is possible that the use of your corporate app on another machine will result in additional costs. Operational costs of migration and maintenance processes. Migration efforts will be paid back through low costs of maintenance, high scalability. Internet provider fees. If you move a lot of services to the cloud, consider using a few separate Internet connections with bigger bandwidth and traffic limits. Initial seeding fees. When uploading big amounts of data you need to pay for data import/export services. Final Thoughts Migration to the cloud is an excellent choice for small and medium-sized businesses. However, it is not risk free: SMBs should carefully choose a cloud vendor and prepare a migration plan for specific server solutions in your network. Some server applications have their native tools for convenient transfer to the cloud. However, system image backup and recovery is the most straightforward way to perform this task, regardless of the cloud vendor you chose. About the Author Alexander Negrash is the director of marketing at CloudBerry Lab, a provider of backup and management solutions for public cloud storage services, and an expert at the cloud backup market. He cooperates closely with major cloud vendors, as well as with MSPs, so has wide expertise in cloud storage and cloud backup themes. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable How API Integrations Help Your Back Office Work Faster, Smarter Enterprise Search Means Finding Information, Not Just Documents Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers AvePoint Adds File Sync & Share for Microsoft SharePoint Alfresco Primes Its Activiti Pump Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags information management, eim, cloud computing, alexander negrash, amazon web service, google cloud platform, microsoft. azure   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 14 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2016 Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Domo Strikes New Low in Vendor Competition view comments Everything You Thought You Knew About User Experience Is Wrong view comments Kentico’s New Cloud CMS Is Headless, Thoughtful and Affordable view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 15, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Where is Google heading with mobile local search? Local Mobile SEO 27 Oct 16 | Andy Favell Facebook0 Linkedin136 Google+28 Twitter 164 In our last column we asked: Has Google killed mobile organic search? In this column we consider what Google’s plans are for those owned properties that get the prime real estate atop mobile search results, such as Google My Business (GMB) and Knowledge Graph (KG). There are five areas/initiatives that should be observed closely, as these could be prototypes for the future of mobile local search. These are: Restaurants in [US city] – Google My Business (GMB) results. Hotels in [US city] – GMB results. [US city] –Knowledge Graph (KG) results. Movies in [US city] – KG results. Tradesmen (or similar) in [San Francisco area] – Home Services results. Some or all (unclear) of the tradesmen pay to be included in this scheme. This will be covered in detail in a subsequent column. While these are likely to come to a Google near you, most are not yet seen, or not seen in their entirety outside the US (or parts of the US). So for the sake of this column we will pretend we are in sunny Venice Beach (Los Angeles). GMB v KG The distinction between Google My Business (GMB) and Knowledge Graph (KG) panels is a little fluffy (and the terms are often used interchangeably). The GMB panel is found in the results of a local business search. So if you search on “Restaurants in Venice Beach”.  The results deliver a three-pack (as is called in the trade) of local restaurants, for three local restaurants (at the time of search): James’ Beach, Gjelina and 26 Beach; with the option to expand for more. KG results from an information search which is not local business specific. An example is “Venice Beach” or “Harry Potter”. This delivers an information panel or card with data from various sources, most commonly, Wikipedia or from Google partners (see below). With place searches, such as Venice Beach, there is commonly a carousel of restaurants and/or hotels at the end of the panel. These tend to be similar to the GMB listings, but the priority of results differs slightly from GMB results for “Hotels in Venice Beach” or “Restaurants in Venice Beach” (as shown below). Tapping through on a restaurant or hotel in either GMB three-pack or KG carousel – does not take you to the business’s website. This brings up a new in-search panel, which Google calls a “Knowledge Graph card”, dedicated to your business, which is similar to the Venice Beach KG panel above, but with contact information; tap to call; tap for directions; and a link to website. Today Google does not charge businesses a fee for calls generated, or people who click on a map to find the location, but it is keeping count of how many clicks it is generating for your business. Note the presence of the paid listing prioritized at the front of the restaurant and hotel carousel. The example pictured below is from Google.co.uk – the same search in Google.com delivered the same results, but did not mark them as paid. The reason for this is not clear. The new face of local search Whether or not we like it, this is the future of Google mobile search, looks like this. Traditional organic website listings are being pushed further and further below the fold on mobile devices, as Google’s owned properties (ads – GMB – KG) take the prime real estate. Businesses have to face it and address it. David Mihm, local digital marketing consultant: There is no question that web results are in decline for high-volume local searches like ‘pizza.’ Organic place listings, though, (and hybrid/paid place listings like the HVAC (Heating, ventilation and air conditioning) tests going on in San Francisco at the moment) are here for the long haul as Google shifts more and more results to its Knowledge Graph. Knowledge Graph results will continue to provide significant impressions through the coming voice tsunami. It’s time to start thinking about your website as an API of structured information about your business, its products, and services that will help Google display Knowledge Panels instead of webpages. Google is increasingly shooting for conversions to happen directly on the SERP, within Knowledge Panels, for example through their OpenTable integration in restaurants. In many cases, conversion rates may actually be higher from place results, but they won’t show up in your Google Analytics. And of course a huge percentage of local searches result in offline conversions in-store, which (so far) aren’t easily trackable. See restaurants below for more on the OpenTable integration, the HVAC listing, we will discuss in a subsequent post on Google Home Services. Hotels in [Venice beach] First we need somewhere to stay in Venice Beach. Whether you access a hotel via the GMB results in “Hotels in Venice Beach” search or via the carousel in the KG results for “Venice Beach” Google delivers the same GMB/KG card for the hotel. Similar to other business panels, e.g. restaurants (see below), there is a tap to call, directions, web link with a description and reviews. But unique to hotels is the option to book a room through a booking agent e.g. Expedia, Booking.com, Hotels.com and others. As demonstrated by the Ad badge, all of these brokerages are paying for their listings, presumably on a pay-per-click basis. In turn they will be taking a commission from the hotel for any booking. Of particular interest, is that within these lists of paid-for results, when expanded, there is sometimes an option to book direct with the hotel, e.g. for Inn at Venice Beach. Which suggests that in order for a hotel to offer bookings direct via its so-called “my business” listing, the hotel has to bid against other advertisers (the travel brokerages) on Google. Russell Jones, Principal Search Scientist at Moz, was able to shed a little light on how it might work: I am not sure about this, although it appears that synxis.com,  the system which seems to power their booking engine, might be connected. However, from Google’s developer documentation it looks like you don’t need a third party for this – and that pricing uses the standard bid model.    How to get on the three-pack GMB listing Today the GMB three-pack – see the restaurant and hotels examples in the images above – are not paid-for listings. Though reports suggest that Google is certainly considering replacing one of the three pack with a paid listing. So, with organic listing being pushed further and further below the fold on mobile devices, and the potential for GMB listings to drive calls, reservations (for restaurants and hotels), it is increasingly important to ensure that your business appears and appears correctly on the GMB three-pack. But when your “My Business” panel is actually owned by Google, how do you do this? Start by updating the basic details on the listing. Also see these tips from Google. But there does not appear to be an option to alter reservations or deliveries (for restaurants), so your listing shows your reservation or delivery service, rather than those of a third party. If this is possible, which isn’t entirely clear from Google’s developer pages then this is a job for your web developer. As with all things Google, there’s a bit of mystery how the local search algorithms work, but it seems that old fashioned SEO rules still apply. Dan Leibson, VP of Local at LocalSEOGuide.com As far as general tips for getting in the 3-pack… we did a huge regression study on the rankings of 30,000 businesses and looked at over 100 factors. The biggest takeaway is that links are a dominant ranking factor. Also, citation consistency is incredibly foundational for getting in the pack.  Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin136 Google+28 Twitter 164 Related articles Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business Why local matters, even for national advertisers How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Reader survey: calling all mobile marketing technology firms, agencies & service providers Buying ads in competitors GMB / KG panels It appears that businesses can buy ads competitors’ GMB/KG card. These appear in the prime spot in the carousel of other restaurants (or hotels) displayed below the reviews in the competitors’ panels. Interestingly these ads lead to the advertiser’s own KG card, not the advertiser’s own website. The screenshots below were taken of the Domino’s Pizza and James’ Beach KG card on Google.co.uk (in Google.com the same restaurants were shown without the ad badge).   Restaurants in [Venice Beach] So next we need to find somewhere to eat. Whether you tap on the restaurant via the GMB results in “Restaurants in Venice Beach” search, via the carousel in the KG results for “Venice Beach”, or via the carousel in a rival’s KG card, Google delivers the same GMB/KG card for the restaurant. These are similar to the hotel panels, in respect of details, click to call, directions. In addition there are several options to view menu, find a table and place an order, which may or may not be present. The menu may be provided by the restaurant or via a third party, most commonly, SinglePlatform. This is the provider of the menu for Domino in Venice Beach (though this is not clear from Google’s listing). Find a table appears to be exclusively provided by OpenTable, even where the restaurant takes reservations on its website, either directly or through a preferred third party. Place an order, where available, is only provided via third parties, such as GrubHub/Seamless, Eat24 (Yelp), DoorDash, Delivery.com, BeyondMenu and Slice/MyPizza.com. This is the case even when the restaurant has its own delivery service via its website. As seen below, both neither the GMB listing for Domino’s or James’ Beach offers place an order, but both outlets do offer delivery from their websites. Unlike hotels these are not marked with an Ad sign, which suggests these third parties are not paying for their privileged Google partnerships. Certainly SinglePlatform does not receive compensation from Google. Russell Jones, Moz: Unlike the food delivery space, OpenTable seems to be by far the leader in nation-wide reservations. Given the cost of integration and the stability of partners required by Google, it is not surprising that OpenTable is the only partner at this point. I would suspect this to remain the same for quite some time. The food delivery space is more crowded, so integrating with only one provider might leave a Google user with fewer options. Google seems to have chosen partners that have large, nationwide coverage. I am doubtful that this relationship is paid at the moment.  Google’s developer pages give details on how web developers can adapt business websites to allow integration with their KG card. But it does not look likely that integration will happen automatically. For certain, businesses (restaurants, hotels, events etc. along with any third party services) should register their interest in becoming Google partners and hope for the best. Dan Leibson, LocalSEOGuide: To your question on if you can remove competitors, you cannot. Lots of the special functionality in the right hand Knowledge Graph panel are through partnerships with Google. So, to your example, a big brand like Domino’s could likely try to work out some form of partnership with Google where their Knowledge Graph entry would have some kind of special functionality. Though to my understanding Google only does it with services that will function cross brand.   Movies in [Venice Beach] Next we need something to do, so let’s go to the movies. Ok, this is the last thing we would do in Venice, but let’s pretend. The KG for movies is a different format with a carousel of movies along the atop the mobile search results. Tapping The Accountant film, reveals blurb, ratings, reviews and the option to select show times at one of the two movie theatres (both AMC). Tapping on a show time delivers the option to purchase tickets from one of three Google partners Fandango, AMC Theatres and MovieTickets.com. Unlike hotels these are not marked with an Ad sign, which suggests the booking agents are not paying (currently) for their partnership. The option to book direct with AMC Theatres suggests that Google is not restricting partnerships to third parties, as appears to be the case with restaurants (see above). However this may just be for the largest national chains. Where next? It is easy to see any of these models – restaurants, hotels and/or cinemas being expanded into other areas, which makes it important to keep a close eye on them – particularly in the US, which is where most of the local mobile search innovation tends to start. Another very interesting and, perhaps, concerning area of innovation are the on-going trials with local handymen, house cleaners, locksmiths, plumbers, and (as mentioned by David Mihm) HVAC engineers – where local tradesmen pay a fee to be listed as “pre-screened” in Google’s Home Services search. For more detailed insight read our m-commerce reports: DNA of a Great M-Commerce Site Part 1: Planning DNA of a Great M-Commerce Site Part 2: The 12 Pillars of Mobile Design  Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Guide to 301 redirects and canonical tags When you need to redirect a website or individual webpage to a different location, there are a number of different tactics you can employ. SEO 10 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… By presenting an animated gif of everybody screaming and crying? More News SEO 08 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff A Penguin 4.0 recovery case study We’ve had time for the dust to settle after the real-time Penguin 4.0 update was released. SEO 08 Nov 16 | Marcela De Vivo 10 useful tools for writing compelling content for SEO Almost 93% of all online experiences begin with a search engine and 70% of the links that people click are organic.* Content SEO 07 Nov 16 | Alice Clarke Tags Google Knowledge Graph | Google Local | Google Maps | Google My Business | Mobile Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… By presenting an animated gif of everybody screaming and crying? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/10/27/where-is-google-heading-with-mobile-local-search/ Send × Want to stay on top of local SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our local SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
null
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage freshidea - Fotolia Google suspends US FTTP broadband roll-out Alex Scroxton Networking Editor Google parent Alphabet calls a halt to its roll-out of FTTP broadband in the US as it embarks on a strategic rethink This Article Covers Telecoms networks and broadband communications RELATED TOPICS Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content BT boosts broadband speeds for SME and consumer ... – ComputerWeekly Broadband association calls for new government ... – ComputerWeekly Openreach announces SME FTTP service roll-out – ComputerWeekly Latest News Insurance brokers hit by second SSP Worldwide cloud outage in less than a week Cloud firm dumps Dell, DotHill and NetApp for Tintri hybrid flash It’s time to pay attention to mental health IT View All News Latest Blog Posts Typical IT & Telecom Budget – Small Publisher – Computer Weekly Data Bank Redis gets smart, introduces machine learning module – Open Source Insider View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: AI set to replace traditional IT administrators Interview: How Swedish bank prepared robot for customer services How to beat Oracle licence audits Download Current Issue Google has stopped its roll-out of gigabit fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) broadband in the US, suspending operations and offices while it undergoes a strategic shake-up. Download this free guide How to enhance your network for the future Latest on networking developments and directions: NFV, self-optimising networks and IoT enabled smart cities Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. The Google Fiber project, which was set up in 2010 to bring gigabit broadband speeds to US cities, started life in Kansas City and has since expanded to Atlanta, Austin and Charlotte, among others. However, despite a solid business model and a fast-growing subscriber and revenue base, Google has now taken the decision to make a number of changes to its business and product strategy. Craig Barratt, senior vice-president at Google parent Alphabet, and CEO of Access, outlined the changes in a blog post. He said the plan would enhance Google’s focus on new technology and deployment methods to make ultrafast broadband more ubiquitous. As a result of this, he explained, its roll-out would be affected. “In terms of our existing footprint, in the cities where we’ve launched or are under construction, our work will continue,” said Barratt. “For most of our potential Fiber cities – those where we’ve been in exploratory discussions – we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches. “We’re ever grateful to these cities for their ongoing partnership and patience, and we’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and systems,” he wrote. He added that there would be job cuts as a result, mostly in potential cities that were still at an exploratory stage – including Dallas, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix and Portland – and in some supporting roles. Read more about FTTP Following successful trials in a number of York neighbourhoods, UFO broadband backers CityFibre, Sky and TalkTalk agree to roll out their FTTP service across the city. Matt Hancock uses his keynote speech at Broadband World Forum to call for a national market-led FTTP roll-out, and pledges government support to make it happen. At Broadband World Forum in London, BT shows off improved FTTP and G.fast broadband delivery technology, and set its sights on expanding ultrafast services to rural areas. Barratt said part of the rationale behind the decision to rethink things came as ultrafast broadband delivery technology more commonplace, implying that Google has seen some revenue pressure in a more competitive marketplace. At the same time, Barratt also announced he would be stepping aside from the role of CEO. ... .... ... .... .... .... .... .... .... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Handbook IT Project ASEAN: Virtualisation E-Zine Reinventing Bahrain’s Kanoo Group through digital technology E-Zine Will Rio’s 4G networks sink or swim? Read more on Telecoms networks and broadband communications All News In Depth Blog Posts Opinion Photo Stories White space spectrum to bring wireless broadband to Isle of Arran BT boosts broadband speeds for SME and consumer customers SSE Enterprise Telecoms doubles network footprint in Capita deal Welsh government earmarks £80m for new broadband scheme Load More View All White space spectrum to bring wireless broadband to Isle of Arran BT boosts broadband speeds for SME and consumer customers SSE Enterprise Telecoms doubles network footprint in Capita deal Welsh government earmarks £80m for new broadband scheme Load More View All News CW@50: How networking became the core of IT Computer Weekly European User Awards 2015: Best Networking Project winner Journey to the West: Will Huawei make its services ambitions stick? General election 2015: The state of broadband and the future of policy Load More View All In Depth Homebuilders Federation opposes fibre to the home policy ISDN’s days are numbered: What should you do? A welcome change of tone from government over FTTP broadband Theresa May has embraced Gigabit Britain. How will her ministers ensure delivery? Load More View All Blog Post Scotland, the perfect home for digital nomads? Obituary: Jonathan Green-Armytage, former Computer Weekly journalist How can telcos respond to the strategic questions they face? New Zealand reaps fibre benefits as copper-choked UK risks digital exclusion Load More View All Opinion Broadband at 30,000 feet: on board with Gogo's 2Ku Business communications: the state of the market A tour of London’s Victorian sewers: Geo Networks cabling system View All Photo Stories Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchSecurity BlackNurse hits big routers with low-volume denial of service attack Researchers claim "BlackNurse," a low-volume ICMP denial of service attack, can allow a laptop to bring down routers and ... How a hybrid whitelisting-blacklisting approach can help enterprises Allowing known good applications and data isn't enough for enterprises. Beth Musumeci explains why a hybrid ... Postelection Russian hacker cyberattacks evade malware detection A rash of spear-phishing attacks by Russian hacker groups were seen following the presidential election this week, but antivirus ... SearchNetworking Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... Cloud-native networking firm Aviatrix wins Network Innovation Award This month's Network Innovation Award winner, Aviatrix, wants to help organizations bridge the spaces between their clouds with ... Facebook's new switching platform completes 100 Gb data center pod Facebook has completed its open source 100 Gb data center pod. The technology for hyperscale data centers includes a ... SearchDataCenter Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... Undock your data center management strategy with mobile apps As mobile technology improves, smartphone apps for IT administration help data center managers monitor and troubleshoot ... IT organizations give nod to a free hypervisor option The lure of free can be the deciding factor for organizations evaluating which hypervisor best fits their needs, and help them ... SearchDataManagement Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... Functionality gaps not stopping Spark usage from growing fast Organizations aren't letting ongoing Apache Spark development, functionality holes or issues deter them from ramping up usage of ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Thursday, October 27, 2016  |  Muharram 26, 1438 Opinion Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Comment Editorial Feedback Cartoon Justin Bieber may be a global star now, but he started out as a young wannabe with a YouTube Channel. Chris Pizzello/Invision / AP A big deal that walks the walk should also talk the talk Rob Long October 27, 2016 Updated: October 27, 2016 05:52 PM Related How to make Doctor Strange sound more familiar Frankly speaking, I miss the mystery woman How to be twice as funny for half the price Foreign ingredients don't necessarily cook up a new TV show Last weekend, the global cellular and satellite empire AT&T announced that it was acquiring the worldwide television and motion picture behemoth Time Warner. You could practically hear the thundering footsteps as these two corporate giants began their mating dance. AT&T owns telephone and wireless services across the world and Time Warner owns a collection of news and entertainment brands, including HBO, CNN and Warner Brothers, so the combined companies will, on paper, form a powerful and mighty entertainment and digital distribution colossus that will span the globe with criss-crossing cellular and satellite tubes piping hot Time Warner content wherever there are people willing to pay for it. At least, that’s how it’s supposed to go. Honestly, I’ve lost track of the many, many times a combination of this size was trumpeted as the Next Big Thing to deliver synergies and efficiencies on a global scale. Usually what happens is that the combined companies struggle through an uneasy and complicated marriage, senior management is too distracted by the civil wars that erupt between intra-corporate divisions to execute a winning strategy against their outside competitors, and the whole thing is eventually broken up and sold in pieces, to the delight of the same group of investment bankers and private equity pirates who cheered the combination in the first place. A cynic might suggest that the only reason the financial community supports a US$85 billion (Dh312bn) transaction like this is because it knows that in a few years it will benefit from the blizzard of transactions required to undo it. But that’s the problem with cynics: they’re only focused on the money. What struck me, though, about the deal is that neither one of these companies – the AT&T distribution chain nor the Time Warner content factory – makes anything that actually talks to the customer. And these days, it seems, people want to talk back to their machines and they want their machines to talk to them. It didn’t start with Siri, the ­iPhone-installed personal assistant that can answer questions, give directions, even deliver short and awkwardly-worded pep talks – all following the voice commands of the phone’s owner. Siri was merely the latest and, at the time, most sophisticated use of voice-activated software. Since its introduction – or since "her" introduction, because iPhone users have overwhelmingly chosen a female voice to speak Siri’s combination of clumsy phrases – Siri has been matched by Amazon’s Echo device, which answers to the name Alexa. Alexa is contained in a wireless, internet-connected tube, roughly the size of a can of tennis balls, and it will happily comply with requests to play songs, answer questions, and – don’t act surprised – order things from its mother ship, Amazon. Siri can do many of the same things, with the exception of spending your money, though from my experience as an Apple customer, I suspect that might change. Alexa and Siri can work together, of course. They’re two talking parts of a happy electronic family. One is somewhere in the home, the other is carried around in your pocket. Google, not to be outdone, has developed a voice-controlled assistant of its own, called with typical Google flash and panache, Google Assistant. Google has even gone one step beyond: the company announced recently that it had hired some Hollywood comedy writers to help add a dash of humour to the assistant’s "personality". Siri has long had the ability to make dry quips to its owner, but Google is attempting to take this personality driven development even deeper. Google Assistant will have a continually updated store of jokes, witticisms and up-to-the-minute slang, as if you had a particularly knowing and witty friend in your pocket. Three of the biggest and most successful companies on Earth – Google, Amazon and Apple – are, in other words, trying to make their otherwise humdrum devices more fun and entertaining. They are interposing themselves, by being fun and easy to use, between the user and whatever content he or she wants to enjoy. "Play me a song, Siri", you say into your phone, and Siri will comply – as will Alexa, as will Google Assistant – but it won’t matter much to your digital best friend whether that content comes from the newly engorged AT&T/Time Warner or some unknown teenager with a Snapchat account. (Remember: at one point, Justin Bieber was just an unknown kid with a YouTube channel.) For years, marketers have tried to identify what they call "key influencers" – the people in our lives who always seem to know the latest thing, the newest song or the most recent sensation. Get the key influencers on your side, went the rule, and the rest will follow. In politics and power the rule is the same: find out who the ruler trusts and relies upon – the president’s chief of staff, say – and concentrate your sales pitch on that person. Google, Amazon and Apple have left the expensive and risky business of creating and distributing content to unwieldy giants like AT&T and Time Warner. They’ve taken a more strategic position as key influencers keeping control of the gate between us and whatever’s out there to know, watch and hear. That gate, by the way, will be hard to pass through. The company that emerges from the combination of AT&T and Time Warner had better be prepared to hand over the toll. Rob Long is a writer and producer in Los Angeles On Twitter: @rcbl Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related How to make Doctor Strange sound more familiar Frankly speaking, I miss the mystery woman How to be twice as funny for half the price Foreign ingredients don't necessarily cook up a new TV show More Opinion One man’s global shock is another’s good fortune Calling all those who voted for Donald Trump 'racist' is wrong Shadi Ghanim cartoon for 15/11/2016 How the new president used power levers to win the race MOST VIEWED Opinion | All American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Calling all those who voted for Donald Trump 'racist' is wrong This Moon will be truly super Egypt’s strength is critical for all The Houthis mislead Yemen’s youth and pack them off to the front lines A vision of Dubai’s Water Canal becomes a reality American election result adds to our understanding of US society We must tackle hate crimes and raging intolerance More Most Viewed Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi More than a meal: what the evolving story of Emirati cuisine says about society Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Supermoon starts to light up the sky around the world – in pictures More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS More than a meal: what the evolving story of Emirati cuisine says about society Make the Abu Dhabi Science Festival a family affair, says Adec director Calling all those who voted for Donald Trump 'racist' is wrong Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica FOLLOW US Tweets by @NationalComment SPOTLIGHT Leaves of Light to catch the eye at Louvre Abu Dhabi Supermoon starts to light up the sky around the world – in pictures About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Computers can now keep SECRETS: Google's neural network is learning to encrypt its own messages Google Brain team taught neural networks a simple encryption technique They created networks Alice and Bob, who had to hide a message from Eve At first Bob and Eve showed a similar ability to decipher Alice's messages But after practicing, Bob was much more successful in reading the text By Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 10:10 EST, 27 October 2016 | Updated: 10:46 EST, 27 October 2016 e-mail 69 shares 22 View comments Experts like Professor Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have warned of the dangers of artificial intelligence becoming too smart and turning against humanity. Now it seems a team at Google has brought computing another step towards this nightmare becoming a reality, by teaching its networks to keep secrets. The computer systems have learn how to protect their messages away from prying eyes. Ateam at Google has taught its networks to keep secrets. The computer systems have learn how to protect their messages away from prying eyes COMPUTER CAN TELL WHO YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT  Reading minds is an ability only found in comic book heroes. But new research has revealed that computers can now analyse brain scans and work out who a person is thinking about.  The AI system can even create a digital portrait of the face in question. Researchers at the Kuhl Lab at the University of Oregon used an innovative form of fMRI pattern analysis to test whether lateral parietal cortex actively represents the contents of memory.  Using a large set of human face images, the first extracted latent face components, known as eigenfaces.  Then machine learning algorithms were used to predict face components from fMRI activity patterns and reconstruct images of individual faces in digital portraits.    Researchers from the Google Brain team, Martin Abadi and David Andersen, published a paper showing how computer networks can work out how to use a simple encryption technique. The Google research group specialises in the area of deep learning, using huge amounts of data. The computing system was designed based on the way neurons work in the brain, a type of computer called a 'neural network'. In a paper published on the preprint server arXiv, the researchers said:  'We ask whether neural networks can learn to use secret keys to protect information from other neural networks. 'Specifically, we focus on ensuring confidentiality properties in a multiagent system, and we specify those properties in terms of an adversary.' The team created a system that 'may consist of neural networks named Alice and Bob, and we aim to limit what a third neural network named Eve learns from eavesdropping on the communication between Alice and Bob,' they said. Alice, Bob and Eve are names computer scientists and physicists always use to name parts of their experiments.  To make sure the message remained secret, the network named Alice had to convert her original plain-text message into something unintelligible. This meant anyone who intercepted it, including Eve, would not be able to understand the message. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Inside the brain of a paedophile: MRI scans reveal how child... Netflix and PILL: Streaming firm boss reveals the future of... 'Will you talk dirty to me?' Lonely truckers are falling in... Were you duped by a Facebook video? Nasa confirms footage... Share this article Share 69 shares This 'cipher text' had to be decipherable by Bob, but nobody else. At first the networks were not good at hiding the messages, but after some practice they got better and were able to hide the messages from Eve. This is a big step, the researchers said, because neural networks, or 'neural nets', were not designed to be good at encryption. At first the networks were not good at hiding the messages, but after some practice they got better and were able to hide the messages from Eve while Bob deciphered them with no errors, after around 15,000 attempts (pictured) NIGHTMARE MACHINE Scientists at MIT have developed a system that is trying to find the scariest image out there. Dubbed the 'Nightmare Machine' the algorithm created by the team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear scary. In another part of the spooky research, the AI system learns what makes images frightening using feedback from humans. Every time a vote is cast, the AI learns more about what humans consider a scary image.  'Computing with neural nets on this scale has only become possible in the last few years, so we really are at the beginning of what's possible,' Joe Sturonas of encryption company PKWARE in Milwaukee, who was not involved in the research, told New Scientist. Just last week, Professor Stephen Hawking warned artificial intelligence could develop a will of its own that is in conflict with that of humanity.  It could herald dangers like powerful autonomous weapons and ways for the few to oppress the many, he said, as he called for more research in the area. But if sufficient research is done to avoid the risks, it could help in humanity's aims to 'finally eradicate disease and poverty', he added. Scientists at MIT have developed a system that is trying to find the scariest image out there.  Dubbed the 'Nightmare Machine' the algorithm created by the team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear scary like the Eiffel Tower, pictured Professor Hawking warned that AI could herald dangers like powerful autonomous weapons and ways for the few to oppress the many (like the plot of Terminator, pictured)  REPORT CALLS FOR BAN ON KILLER ROBOTS  The report by Human Rights Watch and the Harvard Law School International Human Rights Clinic was released as the United Nations kicked off a week-long meeting on such weapons in Geneva earlier this year. The report called for humans to remain in control over all weapons systems at a time of rapid technological advances. It says that requiring humans to remain in control of critical functions during combat, including the selection of targets, saves lives and ensures that fighters comply with international law. 'Machines have long served as instruments of war, but historically humans have directed how they are used,' said Bonnie Docherty, senior arms division researcher at Human Rights Watch, in a statement. 'Now there is a real threat that humans would relinquish their control and delegate life-and-death decisions to machines.' Some have argued in favor of robots on the battlefield, saying their use could save lives. But last year, more than 1,000 technology and robotics experts — including scientist Stephen Hawking, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak — warned that such weapons could be developed within years, not decades. In an open letter, they argued that if any major military power pushes ahead with development of autonomous weapons, 'a global arms race is virtually inevitable, and the endpoint of this technological trajectory is obvious: autonomous weapons will become the Kalashnikovs of tomorrow.' According to the London-based organization Campaign to Stop Killer Robots, the United States, China, Israel, South Korea, Russia, and Britain are moving toward systems that would give machines greater combat autonomy.  Read more: arxiv.org/abs/16... Google's neural networks invent their own encryption | New Scientist Share or comment on this article e-mail 69 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  770 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Apps  |  Features  | Google Allo 2.0: 6 Interesting Features You Should Never Miss Google Allo 2.0: 6 Interesting Features You Should Never Miss Google Allo now supports 6 interesting features including GIF keyboard, direct share, quick reply, and much more. By: Pallabi Bose Updated: Thursday, October 27, 2016, 20:17 [IST] Google has released the first big update for its Allo chat app for Android. Google Allo 2.0 is currently under the process of rolling out through the Play Store. In case you are in a hurry to go to the Google Play Store and update the app, let us tell you that not many would get the update on their smartphones, depending on where you live. The new update is rolling out slowly and should hit all the countries including India very soon. SEE ALSO: Diwali Sale: Top 10 Exchange Offers on Old Phones up to Rs. 20,000 However, the new update has brought a bunch of exciting new features for the users such as the ones mentioned below. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! GIF Keyboard Support The new Android 7.1 update, which comes with the new Pixel smartphones has already received this feature in Google Allo. With the new Allo 2.0 update, sending GIF images to your friends is simple. Integrated with Android Wear If you have an Android wearable device, you can easily reply to the incoming messages using voice or emojis. Click Here for New Android Smartphones Best Online Deals Direct Share Option The app now has a splash screen when you start it. It supports the direct share of text and images to a specific person or a group from the Android share menu. So, now you can send a text without opening the app. New Theme The update on the Google Allo app brings its users a new choice in chat themes - Monochrome. You have to go to Settings to enable the new theme. Split-Screen Multitasking Mode Google Allo now supports Android Nougat's multi-window multi-tasking feature. To open Allo in split-screen mode, open the app and then proceed to hold the Recent Apps button. You can then select any other application that you want to run side-by-side to Google Allo. Better Notifications Google Allo's chat notification now includes quick reply button along with the sender's name and image. It lets you respond to conversation right from the notification shade without having to open the application. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930FZKUINS (Silver Titanium, 32GB) 43,275 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel XL +See All Read More About google | Allo | apps | internet | android | news | update Story first published: Thursday, October 27, 2016, 18:00 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 27, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Reliance Jio SIM Common Problems: How to Escalate Complaints Another Day, Another Smartphone Explosion! This Time, it’s the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Millions Declared Dead on Facebook Including Founder Mark Zuckerberg Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Smartphone app helps early detection of autism Wearable device can reduce fat, treat type 2 diabetes Bingo Technologies Unveils VR Glass G-200 with Wi-Fi & 3D at Rs. 5,999 How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, and Much More 5 Advantages of Using Paytm While Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Notes Rs. 500, Rs. 1,000 Ban: Finally, Good News for Smartphone Buyers How Social Media Can Help in Finding Working ATMs [5 Possible Ways] Reliance Jio MNP: Terms and Conditions You Should Know Before Porting Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Easier to make Material-inspired apps with Google’s new Material Design tools By John Hoff - October 27, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter For app developers and designers, Google is now making it easier for you to collaborate and develop good looking apps – all out of Google’s Material Design philosophy. These will be in the form of a new suite of tools that expands the definition of how Material works, and educates developers and designers in how they can collaborate with these tools, even if you’re really not interested in the flat and minimalist way Google designs its apps. Material Design was introduced in 2014 with Android Lollipop, and it was a rethinking of how apps should behave and look like on touchscreen-based devices. These tools have been around for a while, but new additions will give Material a more collaborative air. The new “Gallery” works like the way GitHub works, but only for designers. This set of tools makes it easier for people to upload, share, and comment on designs. There is also the “Remixer,” a tool which allows developers to create prototypes of apps, and you can interact with them directly. This helps teams refine design specs by feedback, but the best thing is that the prototype is accessible and configurable from both inside and outside the app itself. Then there’s “Stage,” which gives developers more control on the prototyping process by allowing them to test out and demo interface movement in their apps earlier. It’s mostly targeted for developers and designers, but it is a good thing. Designers and app makers can start playing around with their projects earlier, seeing how they will look and work faster, and get feedback from other designers faster as well. This can only mean good things for end users. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google announces Material Design Showcase and Awards at I/O 2015 Google releases tool to bring Material Design to blogs, websites Google recognizes Asana, AirBnB, others for Material Design excellence TAGS Android developer tool Google Material Design Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google makes planning vacations easy and fun this holiday season Google makes planning vacations easy and fun this holiday season Source : Last Updated: Thu, Oct 27, 2016 19:10 hrs Tweet Mail Print [India], Oct.27 (ANI): Google today announced the launch of its travel guide application 'Google Trips' making it easier for travellers to plan their vacation and get curated travel options as per their interest. The new app with added features will help travellers find everything that they need - right from seeking suggestions on destinations to hotels and flight options with rates and recommendations on places to visit - all at one place. For those planning a vacation, "Plan a trip" feature will help users find trip prices for the selected destination for the next six months, helping them get competitive hotel and flight prices with just a few taps. In addition, Google has also introduced several updates to its existing travel features including 'Google Destinations', a travel-planning feature inside mobile search, and has expanded coverage for its hotel and flight search to more countries in Asia. #1 Destinations on Google Users can Search for the continent, country, or city they would like to travel to and add the word "destination" or "vacation" to see an easy-to-browse collection of options. Through this feature, users can customise their search by planning their vacation catering to their specific interests, for example - search for a destination and something they'd like to do there, like "Australia surfing," "Malaysia hiking," or "Thailand beaches", and Google will suggest destinations that match. You can also see suggested itineraries, top sights, recommendations on when to visit, videos and more so you can make the right choice for your next vacation. Destinations on Google integrates a deep understanding of all the places in the world with Google Flights and Hotel search, so you can see available flight and hotel prices instantly. Instead of jumping between a dozen links or tabs to get the information you need, you can sit back and scroll. You can also see suggested itineraries, top sights, recommendations on when to visit, videos and more so you can make the right choice for your next vacation. Users in India, Japan and Malaysia, have the option to use the "Plan a trip" feature to see trip prices for the selected destination for the next six months, helping them get competitive hotel and flight prices. Flight prices and hotel rates update instantly as travellers change their travel details and link you to Google Flights and Hotel search where you can plan and book your travel. #2 Expanding Google Hotel Search and Google Flights to more countries in Asia Google Flights and hotel search on Google is designed to help price-conscious travellers make the best decision for upcoming trips. For the budgeted travellers, hotel search on Google results now automatically identifies deals when a hotel's price is lower than historical prices or when a partner has discounted rates compared to the existing market price for the hotel. Additionally, Deals and Tips filters have been introduced to allow users to quickly see only hotels that have been identified as having good deals and the Tips feature shows hotel ratings or whether changing travel dates could get a better price. That's not all! To stay up to date on changing flight prices, Google on its Search app has also launched a feature that allows users to easily track fare changes for a date and route combination, or track specific flights in Google Flights. Travelers can simply select "track prices" after searching for a flight or choose to be notified by email or Google Now cards when prices change significantly. #3 Announcing Google Trips - your travel assistant Google Trips helps users take care of the needs of the traveller on the go. With the help of this reliable travel assistant, Google Trips tries to make a traveller's vacation simpler by doing things like bundling all their reservations in one place - available offline - saving users from having to dig through their emails at the check-in desk. A feature called "Day Plans", recommends places to visit based on the search items saved on their Google Maps. Users can also modify the itinerary based on the weather, the people they are traveling with and places they have visited. In addition, Trips provides details on how to get around, etiquette for tipping and other useful information - all available offline. Google Trips is currently available globally, in English. Users can download it today by visiting the Play Store or the App store. With the onset of festivities and the year coming to an end, now is the time when most people start to plan their annual vacations and these new features from Google Search App will help make their travel easy. (ANI) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
null

Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Comparing Google Assistant on Pixel to Apple Siri on iPhone 7 Watch YouTube creator Marques Brownlee have Google and Apple battle it out over their smartphone voice assistants. Barry Schwartz on October 27, 2016 at 8:27 am More YouTube star Marques Brownlee did a Google Assistant versus Apple Siri contest in one of his latest videos. He has the new Google Pixel phone and the new iPhone 7; the Pixel was running Android 7.1, and the iPhone 7 was running 10.0.3. He compared basic questions, like “What is the weather?,” to more complex questions using conversational search. To my surprise, Apple Siri wasn’t all that bad in some of the conversational questions — but Google was indeed better. Marques called it the “battle of the smartphone voice assistants,” and it was done pretty well. Here is that video: About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles Direct answer fail: Google gives only one side of proposed gun ammo & magazine law Google seeks to humanize its brand with new "Google Assistant" female persona With Google Assistant & Google Home, Google seeks to win the hands-free generation of search Google Now testing "Explore Interests" feature to make personal assistant app more personalized Apple: SiriChannel: MobileGoogle: Google Assistant Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Google The Google Pixel's camera is great in low light, you just have to trust HDR New, 92 comments Smarter cameras can produce better results by Sean O'Kane@sokane1 Oct 27, 2016, 9:30am EDT share tweet Linkedin Last week, I spent many hours poring over images from the newly released Google Pixel. I was checking them against photos from the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in what has become a twice-yearly exercise: trying to discern which new phone has the best camera. The conclusion was that the Pixel is pretty much the best, but the difference between the three was closer than ever. One area where the Pixel seemed to be lacking, however, was in low light situations. The images from the iPhone and the Galaxy S7 you’d see a mix of evenly distributed noise as well as some noise reduction, but the Pixel’s images featured scattered splotchy patches. Auto HDR+ can be hit or miss in daylight, but it shines in the dark One of the few things that was communicated to us before we were handed review units was that Google recommended we leave the “Auto HDR+” feature on while shooting. It sounded like hype, and the mode produced some garish results in daylight, so while I was testing I turned Auto HDR+ off. I turned it off on the iPhone and the S7 Edge, too — I wanted an even baseline across all three phones. But the difference with the Pixel is that its Auto HDR+ mode isn’t just an added feature, it’s part of the core function of the camera. That’s something we uncovered in our interview with Marc Levoy, who is the head of Google’s computational photography team. Levoy sounded extremely proud of what Auto HDR+ was capable of in low light — even without optical image stabilization, which the Pixel lacks. From that article: "Mathematically speaking, take a picture of a shadowed area — it's got the right color, it's just very noisy because not many photons landed in those pixels," says Levoy. "But the way the mathematics works, if I take nine shots, the noise will go down by a factor of three — by the square root of the number of shots that I take. And so just taking more shots will make that shot look fine. Maybe it's still dark, maybe I want to boost it with tone mapping, but it won't be noisy." Now that sounded like a good case for using Auto HDR+. So over the last few days I took a few more shots in low light with the Pixel. I’ve lined them up against images of the same scenes taken by the iPhone 7 (iPhone photos are on the left, Pixel photos on the right): The difference isn’t massive, but the Pixel definitely has the edge in both of those cases. It captured more detail than the iPhone in both the highlights and in the shadows. Levoy also said that “by taking multiple images and aligning them, we can afford to keep the colors saturated in low light. Most other manufacturers don't trust their colors in low light, and so they desaturate, and you'll see that very clearly on a lot of phones — the colors will be muted in low light, and our colors will not be as muted." That bears out in examples like these: Of course, low light is still the most challenging environment for any camera, and the Pixel will still struggle from time to time. And while Levoy says that the Pixel is fine without optical image stabilization because it takes “a number of shorter exposures and merge[s] them,” I’d still appreciate it as someone who has a very unsteady hand. And for as impressive as Auto HDR+ was in low light, it didn’t win out every time. For example, I find the iPhone 7 image more pleasing here: This is all to say that Google was right: the Pixel can perform really well in low light, better than its competitors in some regards. I’m still not pleased with the inconsistency of Auto HDR+ in daylight situations — especially because the mode activates every time you open the camera app even if you turn it off. But seeing what kind of difference the computational photography approach can make in this one particular situation has me foaming at the mouth wondering what Google might be able to do with its mobile cameras down the road. As for the phones you can buy now, the iPhone 7 and the S7 Edge have excellent cameras. Google’s is still just a little bit better. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under government censorship: report This Article has a component height of 27. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Google Cast App Rebranded to Coincide With Impending Launch of Google Home Thursday October 27, 2016 6:29 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard Google has officially rebranded its "Google Cast" iOS and Android apps to "Google Home," getting the mobile apps ready for the launch of its hands-free smart home speaker, similarly named Google Home. The new name also comes with a new app icon, new features, and some slight UI tweaks that make "the app easier to use." The old Google Cast icon (left) compared with the new Google Home version (right) The "Home" launchpad in the app now has a "Watch" and "Discover" section that lets you watch videos on any of the Chromecast-enabled apps you already have installed, or discover thousands of new apps available for Chromecast, respectively. Additionally, a floating magnifying glass button enables video search across multiple apps to make it easy to find the videos you want. Once Google Home launches next week, on November 4, the new app will be the single location for users to control all of their Chromecast and Google Home devices. A "Devices" button in the top right corner will guide users through easily pairing a new product to the app, and after pairing is complete they can adjust its settings, control audio and video playback, and more. Google Home is available to download for free from the iOS App Store [Direct Link], and users can pre-order the Google Home smart speaker itself for $129.00 from the Google Store, Best Buy, Target, and Walmart. Tags: Google, Google Home 7 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) 69Mustang 3 weeks ago Not a fan of the connected home, but the Chromecast... yep, that little booger is one of the best tech purchases I've made in a long time. The fact that it's definitely the cheapest makes it even better. Rating: 2 Votes smacrumon 3 weeks ago Only thing I half like about Google is its branding. But really the branding is just a trojan horse into a world of no privacy, bloatware and advertising. Stay clean, stay superior, Apple. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 60 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 3 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 38 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 152 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 507 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 8 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 77 comments iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months 9 hours ago on Front Page Just two months after the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launched, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes demand for the smartphones has "peaked" in line with a significant monthly shipment... 80 comments • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162) • Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model (212)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand On November 24th, Laser Dog Asks You to Give Thanks and 'Don't Grind' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver Coming full circle in Livingston? MDEQ panel upholds ruling on water permit for Costco site New law uncovers secrets: 10 to 15 percent of real estate applicants have criminal convictions PHIL HARDWICK: Questions and answers about streets, towns and real estate SBA joint venture program allows small firm to get into the big leagues Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction Mississippi 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Home » OPINION » Columns » TODD SMITH — Google News launches fact check feature TODD SMITH — Google News launches fact check feature Posted by: For the MBJ in Columns, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, OPINION, Technology October 27, 2016 TODD SMITH In the midst of a highly charged presidential election, where fact and fiction have frequently become confused, Google News has introduced a new fact check feature in search results for news stories. Fact check will now appear as a label among news search results, alongside other established labels such as opinion, local source and highly cited. Google News algorithmically connects fact-checking articles with live news stories partly based on an established process called Claim Review. Google says sites meeting the definition of a fact-checking service can apply to have their service included. In a blog post promoting the new feature, Google said: “We’re excited to see the growth of the Fact Check community and to shine a light on its efforts to divine fact from fiction, wisdom from spin.” Facebook, despite its increasingly critical role in the distribution of news, has yet to deploy any fact-checking feature. Research by the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism in June 2016 found that Facebook was the primary source of news for 18- to 24-year-olds. After sacking its trending topics news team, the social media site was at the center of a storm when its algorithm started promoting fake news. In Google News, fact check labels are visible in the expanded story box on the Google News site, on both the iOS and Android apps, and roll out for users in the US and UK first. The timing of the new label is significant, contributing to an unprecedented presidential election where both sides have been accused of misrepresenting facts. Some commentators have used the term “post-truth” to describe the current state of political discussion. Ad buyers tap into Twitter’s Instagram-like carousel ads Some marketers are enticed by Twitter’s new Instagram-like carousel ad unit. GroupM has run carousel ads for NBC Universal, Pandora jewelry, Nestlé’s Lean Cuisine, AB InBev’s Stella Artois, Unilever’s Hellmann’s and Panera Bread, according to Kieley Taylor, GroupM head of paid social. Carousel ads featuring the NBC Universal film “The Secret Life of Pets” were clicked on 22 percent more often than Twitter ads for other entertainment companies were clicked on, on average. And the “cost per engagement was 6 percent lower than the industry benchmark,” she said. Omnicom confirmed that it has run carousel ads. “We like the ability to promote brand-created, influencer-created or consumer tweets within a single experience to tell a better story,” said Kerry Perse, U.S. director of Omnicom subsidiary OMD Word. The ads allow brands to aggregate multiple tweets into a carousel format that users can swipe through. Advertisers have been excited about the ads since news of their development broke in January. And in June, Twitter officially announced it was testing them out. But a few agencies reported that it wasn’t clear to them if the ads were still in pilot or if they had been opened up to all advertisers. While several agencies were under the impression that the ads were open for business to all advertisers, the ads are still in testing and only available to a limited number of partners, according to Twitter. A few agencies said they don’t plan to run the ads regardless of their availability, according to Digiday. However, others were intrigued, and media-buying giants Omnicom and GroupM have already run carousel ads that elicited encouraging engagement. Pinterest exploring sections for publishers, brands Pinterest is building a new media channel for publishers and brands to create videos and multimedia posts, according to advertisers familiar with the plans. The Pinterest media section is similar in concept to how publishers work closely with Snapchat, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, the advertising sources said speaking on condition of anonymity. The design and content would be uniquely Pinterest but it gives publishers and brands a more structured playground to share to the site. There will be places for advertisers to buy into media sections, for now at least. A person familiar with Pinterest’s plans said the new channel’s ad offering will be pushed out initially as a test. Where the company takes it from there remains unclear. The new section could be called “Explore,” according to a social-media agency executive. That would be the same name Instagram calls its page where it curates content from across the platform, and personalizes it for people. Snapchat calls its publishing section “Discover.” Another agency executive said that this is not quite a Snapchat Discover clone. Pinterest has had some success with advertisers including Target, Wendy’s and Burberry. Many brands have shown faith in its nascent ad platform, but Pinterest has been criticized for moving too slowly to build its ad technology and innovate. Still, the platform has made moves to acquire talent in this space, recently snagging a Snapchat exec to lead its measurement efforts. Pinterest president Tim Kendall told Ad Age recently that including top tier publications and media companies with Pinterest will be especially important to the company’s future efforts in video. Facebook Live ad campaign debuts In a new push to get Facebook users to stream live video, the giant social network is rolling out an advertising campaign on television as well as on billboards and buses in the U.S. and the U.K. Facebook’s in-house ad studio called The Factory created the ad campaign that kicks off Sunday in the U.K. and in the U.S. on Monday and runs through January. Facebook would not say how much the campaign will cost. The ad campaign, a rarity for Facebook, comes as Facebook focuses on its new “video-first” strategy. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says the next content wave is hitting Facebook. In the beginning on Facebook, there was text. Then images spread throughout the News Feed. Now Facebook says video will soon consume the lion’s share of attention of its 1.71 billion users. And it’s making aggressive moves to get people to make and view more video, whether from friends and family or from professionals. Facebook Live, the popular new app that makes it easy to shoot streaming video on mobile devices, is a big step in that direction.   Comic Mic | MetLife punts Snoopy, strikes more serious note After three decades of selling insurance, Charlie Brown’s famous dog Snoopy, and his Peanuts cohorts are hitting the unemployment line. MetLife has announced it’s ending the longstanding association as it relaunches its brand for a more corporate audience. The shakeup comes after the company announced earlier this year it would spin off its retail life insurance business to focus more on its workplace clients. Snoopy and the gang began appearing in MetLife commercials in the 1980s as a means of grafting a familiar face on the insurance giant. But that warmth is less important now that MetLife caters to business-side customers. The 148-year-old brand said the decision was informed by market research conducted on more than 55,000 people around the world. Most respondents were indifferent. The use of the Charles Schulz-penned comic strip characters in ad campaigns was made possible through a multimillion-dollar licensing deal with the company that owns their rights. MetLife will also no longer contract blimps for aerial coverage of big live events, and plans for future sponsorships are unclear. Time will only tell if this move will crash the company’s brand identity. It may be time to visit Lucy’s psychiatric stand for some quick grief counseling. Each week, The Spin Cycle will bestow a Golden Mic Award to the person, group or company in the court of public opinion that best exemplifies the tenets of solid PR, marketing and advertising – and those who don’t. Stay tuned – and step-up to the mic! And remember … Amplify Your Brand! » Todd Smith is president and chief communications officer of Deane, Smith & Partners, a full-service branding, PR, marketing and advertising firm with offices in Jackson. The firm — based in Nashville, Tenn. — is also affiliated with Mad Genius. Contact him at todd@deanesmithpartners.com, and follow him @spinsurgeon. advertising Business Deane Smith & Partners marketing Mississippi NEWS technology Todd Smith 2016-10-27 For the MBJ tweet Tagged with: advertising Business Deane Smith & Partners marketing Mississippi NEWS technology Todd Smith Previous: US stocks tick lower as industrial companies skid Next: PHIL HARDWICK — Business Communication 101: The latest thing About For the MBJ More Stories Like This Cleveland school board moves on desegregation plans November 14, 2016 US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields November 14, 2016 Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Tupelo City Council to address Mississippi state flag November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver November 13, 2016 Mississippi high court to consider hidden public records dispute November 11, 2016 DAVID DALLAS: Granny’s voting odyssey November 10, 2016 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields November 14, 2016 Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Rankin Co. school superintendent, board discuss bond issue November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies November 11, 2016 Best Places to Work 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2016 Mississippi Business Journal            

