Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google wants to take back control of Android David Gilbert, VICE News Sep. 21, 2016, 7:23 PM 4,326 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Images Google has always been a reluctant hardware maker, even though its Android operating system powers more than 80 percent of smartphones around the globe. But next month it plans to launch two new "Made by Google" smartphones running a unique version of Android with new features unavailable on any other phone. Google's hope is that by producing unique phones — and selling lots of them — it can take back control of Android, which is used freely by smartphone manufacturers from Samsung to Huawei which barely mention Android and are increasingly adding their own apps and services on top to stand out, and diluting Google's vision of Android in the process. With reports suggesting Huawei is secretly preparing its own operating system as a possible replacement for Android, and Samsung openly developing its Tizen operating system, Google knows it needs to change the way Android works, and for now it appears that making its own smartphones with unique software features is how it want to do this. A teaser video released by Google gives little away about what it will launch on October 4 beyond the fact that it will be a rectangle, but widespread leaks and reports suggest the search giant will introduce two new smartphones, ditching the Nexus branding in favour of the "Pixel" name. While Taiwanese electronics firm HTC is expected to manufacture new smartphones, according to the official website for the October 4 event, the new devices will be branded as "Made by Google."  Google typically launches its new smartphones with the latest update to Android, which this year is called Nougat and which was released with little fanfare on older devices last month. This year however reports suggest the company is looking to add new features to the software which will be exclusive to its Pixel smartphones. These reports are given added weight by Google CEO Sundar Pichai's comments earlier this year, saying the company would be "more opinionated about the design of the phones," and would "add more features on top of Android on Nexus phones." While the latest version of Android is as good as, if not better than, Apple's iOS 10, the problem is that very few of the Android smartphones in use today will ever get to take advantage of its new features. The figures speak for themselves. Just 15 percent of active Android smartphones and tablets are currently using Android 6.0, which was released in October last year. In comparison, Apple's iOS 9 which was released just one month earlier, is being used by 88 percent of iPhone and iPad users according to Apple's most recent figures. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on VICE News. Check them out on YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram. Copyright 2016. Follow VICE News on Twitter. More from VICE News: France’s far right embraces its feminine side Journalists call on Trudeau to do more to protect press freedom in Canada A quick note about VICE Money How to invest (without ever putting pants on) All the things Donald Trump promised to do on “day one” of his presidency NOW WATCH: NASA recorded moving clouds on Titan — and it's amazing Loading video... More: Google Android HTC Sundar Pichai Nexus phone Apple iPhone iOS VICE News facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google wants to take back control of Android Google wants to take back control of Android Google has always been a reluctant hardware... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
HOME NEWS Nation Election 2016 Israel World Los Angeles California Weekly Edition Nation Serving up shalom at a post-election Thanksgiving Nation Steve Bannon to attend ZOA annual gala in New York Nation Stephen Bannon backed in statement from Republican Jewish Coalition board member Israel Chemi Peres wishes Trump ‘the best of luck’ Nation Ginsburg looking forward to Trump’s naming of a ninth justice OPINION Rob Eshman David Suissa Marty Kaplan Dennis Prager Shmuel Rosner Danielle Berrin David N. Myers Bill Boyarsky Gina Nahai Michelle K. Wolf Steve Greenberg Letters to the Editor Opinion A teenage girl’s reaction to the election Opinion Jewish historians speak out on the election of Donald Trump Opinion Bannon and Breitbart: Friends of Israel, not anti-Semites David Suissa A Trump miracle: Surprise America Opinion Exclusive: An open letter to Jared Kushner from Noa Tishby HOLLYWOOD Hollywood Hollywood Jew The Ticket Keeping it Real Serious Stern Hollywood Wonder Woman Gal Gadot announces pregnancy on Twitter, Instagram Hollywood Lights, camera, no action: When will Hollywood diversity include disabilities? Hollywood War hero was ‘what’s right about America’ Hollywood Israeli actress Odelya Halevi joins ‘Revolt’ Hollywood Scripted or non-scripted, TV doesn’t reflect reality for disabled population CULTURE Culture Lifestyle Religion Food Books Calendar TRIBE Live Events Obituaries Culture Ivanka Trump tops Forward 50 list of Jews impacting American life Religion A prayer for our country after the election Culture Leonard Cohen, my father and me Culture Leonard Cohen eulogized by Netanyahu, Rivlin: Someone ‘who loved Israel’ Culture Leonard Cohen, whose Jewish-infused poetry and songs inspired generations, dies at 82 BLOGS Latest blogs Advice & Living Community Food Health & Science Hollywood & Ent. News & Politics People & Dating Religion World & Travel All blogs We Said Go Travel Who is a Dive Expert for Departures? Lisa Niver Erev Rav After the Election, A Day of Hope Keeping the Faith Dating Google The Wide Angle Trump’s Needed Act (Part #2) Keeping It Real Real Housewives of New Jersey Reunion Recap Part 2 INFO     Get in touch Contact us About us/FAQ Advertise Letter to the Editor Submit a Letter Newsletter Subscription Read the JJ Paper Subscription Pickup Locations Weekly Edition Archives RSS Download the Jewish Journal App iPad iPhone Android Kindle Fire Community Community Calendar Post an event EveryJew.com City Guide Marketplace SUPPORT THE JEWISH JOURNAL Jewish Journal RECENT HEADLINES Netanyahu is right and wrong about Palestinian ‘ethnic cleansing’ RECENT HEADLINES Israeli security chief in DC reportedly to sign $38B defense assistance pact RECENT HEADLINES Pence refuses to validate David Duke ‘deplorable’ label RECENT HEADLINES Saving Adam Krief and Etz Jacob Wednesday - November 16, 2016 Get Jewish Journal On your Mobile Device WRITE FOR US Los Angeles SUBSCRIBE LATEST Los Angeles POSTS Zachary Rodham comes to terms with Aunt Hillary Clinton’s election defeat Calendar: November 11-17 Moving and Shaking: FIDF gala, Mike Burstyn honored, David Suissa named Humanitarian of the Year MORE POSTS LATEST NEWS A teenage girl’s reaction to the election Serving up shalom at a post-election Thanksgiving Steve Bannon to attend ZOA annual gala in New York Jewish historians speak out on the election of Donald Trump Stephen Bannon backed in statement from Republican Jewish Coalition board member ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Workshop aims to change Orthodox LGBTQ conversation by Allyson Gronowitz Posted on Sep. 21, 2016 at 4:07 pm Pictured are some members of the allies steering committee, clockwise from the top left: Rabbi Steven Greenberg, Rabbi Rachel Bat-Or, Shep Rosenman, Noey Jacobson, Ruchie Fried, Julie Gruenbaum Fax, Rena Selya Cohen, Miryam Kabakov. If you type “Orthodox Judaism” into the Google search engine, the first suggestion that comes up is “Orthodox Judaism food” (nothing like Mom’s matzo ball soup!), the second is “Orthodox Judaism rules” (we certainly have a lot of them) and the third is “Orthodox Judaism homosexuality.” What is the place within the Orthodox community for people who identify as LGBTQ? If Google doesn’t clarify the issue, Jewish law, or halachah, provides more questions than answers, as well. The topic was uncomfortably brushed aside by rabbinic authorities until the gay rights movement gained traction across the United States. Now, the Modern Orthodox community is beginning to openly discuss how to reckon with its LGBTQ members. Indeed, Rabbi Ari Segal, head of school at Shalhevet High School in Los Angeles, in an op-ed on his school’s student news website, called the issue “the biggest challenge to emunah [faith] of our time.”  In Los Angeles, following last year’s Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Eshel, a national support and advocacy organization for Orthodox LGBTQ Jews that offers programming in Los Angeles, convened a group of Orthodox community members in the Pico-Robertson living room of Harry and Dorit Nelson to address the changing landscape, and an official LGBTQ Allies steering committee emerged from a subsequent meeting. The committee then teamed up with JQ International, a non-denominational, West Hollywood-based organization, to organize an Allies workshop event that took place on Sept. 18 at the law offices of Nelson Hardiman. Some 45 people participated in the program, including mental health professionals, Jewish educators and members from multiple Los Angeles congregations, as well as Rabbi Steven Greenberg, a co-director of Eshel and the first openly gay Orthodox rabbi. Steering committee member Julie Gruenbaum Fax (a former staff writer for the Journal) said she was pleased but not surprised by the turnout.  “What was so clear to me from putting this event together is that people are thinking about this,” she said. “We tapped into something that already existed.”  Even as LGBTQ rights have expanded within the secular community, the Orthodox community has relied on biblical and rabbinic ordinances that appeared to leave little room for interpretation within the framework of traditional halachah. As a result, many Orthodox LGBTQ Jews have felt there is no place for them within their communities. For Fax, this was a major motivating factor for getting involved. “It hurts me that the community that I love, the Orthodox community, would be causing such despair,” she said. At the workshop, Greenberg painted the broad strokes of the halachich issues plaguing Modern Orthodox poschim (legal scholars), then shifted the conversation in another direction. “OK, that’s the halachah,” he acknowledged, recounting a conversation with a fellow rabbi. “But have you heard the stories?” Greenberg offered his own story about coming out publicly in 1999 after struggling with his conflicting identities for 15 years. Other personal stories cropped up over the course of the workshop. One man told of his sister coming out to their parents an hour before Shabbat, and how their Charedi brother refused to accept her until his own son came out many years later. Joseph Harounian, a gay Persian Jew from West Hollywood, said how difficult it was for him to come out to his community 17 years ago and spoke of his hopes that his visibility will make it easier for the youth of today. Micha Thau, an out senior at Shalhevet and an intern at Eshel, said he hopes more LGBTQ Orthodox people will begin to open up about their experiences. “Everyone has a different story,” he said. “My story is different than everyone else’s, and everyone has their own points of tension. My story doesn’t connect to everybody, but someone else’s story may.” After Greenberg’s presentation, the group divided up to role-play three potentially difficult scenarios: engaging rabbis and other community leaders over coffee, talking with kids during a car ride home from school and navigating a dinner conversation that turns homophobic. The goal was to learn to assert oneself as an ally, to open lines of communication and promote a culture that is welcoming to LGBTQ congregants.  In addition to promoting personal stories, the steering committee also emphasized the importance of initiating change at the grass-roots level as a means of spurring rabbinic authorities into action. Rabbi Yosef Kanefsky of Congregation B’nai David-Judea recently hosted a panel at the synagogue titled “Coming Out and Opening Up,” but his work in this area has been at the forefront among Orthodox religious leaders. “We all know that a grass-roots, lay-led movement is much more effective than waiting for the rabbis to change their perspective,” said Rabbi Rachel Bat-Or, a Conservative rabbi and JQ International’s helpline director. “And I say this as a rabbi,” she said, smiling. Eshel founder and co-director Miryam Kabakov singled out parents of LGBTQ youth as “catalysts for change.” While alienated kids coming out often seek out more accepting communities, their parents often will want to remain in their own communities, and this can stimulate change from within. “The kids go away and don’t come back, and the parents are deeply disturbed by that,” Kabakov explained. “So they’re the ones who are pushing the rabbis.” According to Kabakov, seeds have already been planted for future action. Eshel, which is in the midst of a multi-year cutting-edge grant from the Jewish Commmunity Foundation, Los Angeles, has held one-on-one meetings with many Orthodox rabbis around the Los Angeles community and led training sessions with educators at Shalhevet, a co-ed Modern Orthodox high school, and Pressman Academy, a Conservative kindergarten through eighth-grade day school that employs several Orthodox teachers. Also, a committee was recently formed to organize social gatherings for LGBTQ members in the Pico-Robertson area.  For resources online, go to eshelonline.org or jqinternational.org. RELATED TOPICS jewish lgbt lgbtq orthodox judaism COMMENTS View our privacy policy and terms of service. ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Sign up for our newsletter More news and opinion than at Shabbat dinner. Trending in Los Angeles Fazio vs. Stern: Distinct differences revealed in 27th District race SHARES Zachary Rodham comes to terms with Aunt Hillary Clinton’s election defeat SHARES A different kind of Hollywood party spirit SHARES Moving and Shaking: FIDF gala, Mike Burstyn honored, David Suissa named Humanitarian of the Year SHARES Jewish Journal Home Hollywood Culture Calendar Food U.S. Israel Los Angeles Obituaries Opinion World Sports EveryJew.com Torah Portion Marketplace Email Newsletter Sign Up Don’t miss any of the latest news and events! Get the Jewish Journal in your inbox. JewishJournal.com is produced by TRIBE Media Corp., a non-profit media company whose mission is to inform, connect and enlighten community through independent journalism. TRIBE Media produces the 150,000-reader print weekly Jewish Journal in Los Angeles – the largest Jewish print weekly in the West – and the monthly glossy Tribe magazine (TribeJournal.com). Please support us by clicking here. © Copyright 2016 Tribe Media Corp. All rights reserved. JewishJournal.com is hosted by Nexcess.net Web Design & Development by Hop Studios 1.3376 / 65
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral More 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD ACT SA WA NT TAS GOLD COAST WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › national › Taiwan wants Google images of military structures blurred 9:23am September 22, 2016 Taiwan wants Google images of military structures blurred By nine.com.au staff A Google Earth image of Itu Aba. Taiwan wants Google to blur images of military installations on the only island it controls in the hotly-contested South China Sea – Itu Aba. Google Earth images show a semicircle of pronged structures on the shoreline of the island opposite an upgraded airstrip and newly-constructed port, Reuters reports. News of the military upgrades on Itu Aba - which is controlled by Taiwan but claimed by China, Vietnam and the Philippines – comes amid rising tensions in the region over Beijing’s territorial claims for the Spratly Islands. "Under the pre-condition of protecting military secrets and security, we have requested Google blur images of important military facilities," Taiwan Defense Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi was quoted by Reuters as saying. The request from Taiwan came after local media published the photos. Google has not responded to requests for comment. In July, a United Nations court of arbitration sided with the Philippines, ruling that China could not claim historic rights over the islands. It also characterised Itu Aba as a rock, meaning it could not be used to assert territorial claims over surrounding waters. China and Taiwan both rejected the ruling. © Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2016 Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Property news: Apartments linking to Macquarie Centre to launch - realestate.com.au Career news: Collared or casual? Australia's workplace dress codes unzipped - seek.com.au LIVE FEED Man stabbed while trying to protect alleged attacker's girlfriend at Sydney pub Top News DRIVEWAY TRAGEDY: Mother and son fighting for life after dad accidentally reverses over them Malcolm Turnbull passed Donald Trump's number from golf buddy Greg Norman REEF DEATHS: French tourists die while snorkelling at Great Barrier Reef Discover the man within Red Hot Airfare Sale Search for jobs 30 Day Free Trial Property Shop the latest tech Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV The Block Married at First Sight Bachelor In Paradise Love Island The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2016 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google is finally getting serious about selling its own phones by Napier Lopez — in Gadgets Credit: Google 1,252 shares Google is holding an event October 4 where it will almost certainly announce new phones, just like every other fall. But something is different this time around: Google is actually hyping them up like proper flagships. (Oh, and they’ll probably bear the Pixel brand, not Nexus.) Watch Live Nexus phones are always some of the most powerful around, but they have never been huge sellers. The phones often weren’t available from US carriers, and as such have never been as popular as models from the likes of Samsung. For a company with the clout of Google, you’d expect better. But this year, the company is kicking off its marketing campaign with a telling tagline: Made by Google. There’s a respective hashtag, and the event’s URL is madeby.google.com. As the Verge points out, Google is placing ads in all sorts of places, in a way it’s never done for Nexus phones before. Quite the Google ad blitz on this one. Hope it's worth the hype. pic.twitter.com/zyf6MXDDit — John P. Falcone (@falconejp) September 21, 2016 That’s also probably why the phones are rumored to wear the Pixel brand instead of the Nexus one. The company is going to great lengths to make it clear that this isn’t an LG phone or Huawei phone with some tips from Mountain View. This is a Google design through and through. Of course, all rumors indicate that Google isn’t actually _building_ the device; that honor goes to HTC. But, as promised by head honcho Sundar Pichai, Google is holding the reins tighter than ever. That extends to the software too. Nexus phones were all about a vanilla, ‘pure’ Android experience that essentially served as a template for other devices. But in order to take on other devices for functionality, rumors are Google is skinning stock Android and adding features not available on to other phones. The phones themselves don’t actually look that interesting so far. The bezels are large, the design divisive, the rumored specs predictable. Moreover, we’ve yet to hear of a real killer feature. But even if the Pixel phones end up being boring spec pushers, I have a hunch these will be Google’s best selling phones yet. The company finally seems to care that people know it makes smartphones too. Let’s just hope those ends up being something worth our money. Read next: YouTube's new Heroes program gives volunteer moderators serious perks GearGoogleInsights Share on Facebook (960) Share on Twitter (212) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 1778 Posts / mo. 43.82   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis #TrumpNarratesPlanetEarth is the funniest thing on Twitter today Bryan Clark These T-Rex costumes are way more impressive than any CGI render Juan Buis Redditor uses drone to catch cheating wife in action Bryan Clark Comments Recommended 6 ways to balance your personal and professional social accounts Amber Leigh Turner Most popular 1 WhatsApp is bringing video call support to Android, iOS and Windows phones Abhimanyu Ghoshal 2 Twitter's rolling out new features to tackle trolls and crappy hashtags Lauren Gilmore 3 Twitter is banning multiple alt-right accounts Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Apple is reportedly working on AR glasses à la Google Glass Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Google and Facebook are blocking fake news sites from their ad networks - but that's not enough Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Google Earth VR lets you explore the entire planet Napier Lopez MacBook Pro teardown shows the Touch Bar model is damn near impossible to upgrade or repair Mix Amazon Music Unlimited now has a six-person plan for $15 Napier Lopez Taiwan wants Apple and Google to kick Uber out of their app stores Matthew Hughes Google Allo can now guess what emoji you want to use Josh Levenson Your websites will sparkle with this growing library of premium WordPress themes TNW Deals Watch this iPhone 7 survive a 40ft fall from a crane Matthew Hughes Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Twitter apparently approved a white supremacist advert Mix TNW NYC: Watch live now, wherever you are! Brian de Graft Google Toilet Locator shows the way to clean public bathrooms in India Juan Buis Android Auto now lets you safely talk on Facebook Messenger while driving Josh Levenson Watch Dogs 2 patch wipes out vaginas, but keeps the penises Mix Turn your code into framed art with this great tool Josh Levenson Seth Godin Content Marketing is all the Marketing that's left. Share Upcoming Events TNW NYC Nov 16, 2016 CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Rumor Mobile Google’s Pixel phones won’t be very water-resistant By Brandon Russell | September 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Phones that are resistant to the elements are becoming a hot commodity and Apple’s iPhone 7 is the latest smartphone to adopt this trend. You’d expect Google to follow suit when its Pixel devices are announced next month but a new report from Android Police has drowned the hopes of would-be owners. According to the report, Google’s upcoming Pixel phones will be rated IP53, which is about the lowest possible rating a device can achieve of Ingress Protection. For comparison, Apple’s new iPhone 7 is rated IP67, which protects the device from temporary submersion. The Pixel devices will only be “dust protected,” too, as opposed to being completely “dust tight.” If the report is true, the Pixel phones will be protected from spraying water, which means they’ll be fine when exposed to a light rain. Just don’t expect the devices to survive if they’re submerged. Considering Samsung’s devices are pushing into IP68 territory, it’s surprising Google wouldn’t make this feature a higher priority. For what it’s worth, the HTC 10 also featured an IP53 rating. In the context of the Pixel that’s really no surprise seeing as reports peg HTC as the company assisting Google with the new handsets. If the cheapest Pixel winds up being $649, would you purchase one if it only had an IP53 rating? We’ll find out more about these new devices at Google’s Oct. 4 event. Source AndroidPolice Topics #Google #Google Pixel Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google's new Allo raises privacy concerns USA TODAY 9/22/2016 Edward C. Baig Click to expand Replay Video Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico The Ford Motor Company is moving ahead with plans to shift production of small cars to Mexico from Michigan. Ford CEO Mark Fields says they will move their production of the Ford Focus to Mexico to create room for "two very important products" coming to the Michigan factories. Fields states that this will not affect on jobs in Michigan what so ever. President-elect Donald Trump has criticized Ford for the decision to shift production to Mexico, and said he would consider levying tariffs on Mexican-made Fords. Wochit Business Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency The airplane maker announces moves to make the most of its resources and talent. CNBC Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? The answer is yes, but not by much. Kiplinger PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Google releases its AI-infused messaging app Allo USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico Wochit Business0:38 Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency CNBC0:33 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 Is China secretly spying on Android devices? Fox Business1:04 Automakers turn to action movies for inspiration The Wall Street Journal.0:55 Shipping industry hampered by Hanjin's debt Reuters1:36 Soon you can smoke weed at some Denver bars and restaurants Newsy0:47 Proposed passenger jet could reach supersonic speeds The Wall Street Journal.1:24 The story behind QWERTY CNN Money1:51 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 UP NEXT NEW YORK—Is your privacy potentially in peril when using Google’s new Allo messaging app? Popular Searches Lowe's Companies Inc LOW ▼ 67.26 -1.79 -2.59% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 744.59 +1.35 +0.18% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▼ 31.58 -0.12 -0.39% Target Corp TGT ▲ 76.20 +4.76 +6.66% The app, which Google began making available to iOS and Android users on Wednesday, features a secure end-to-end encrypted “Incognito mode” that enables you to keep a conversation hush-hush. And you can dispose of such messages automatically in seconds should you so choose to make them disappear. By default, however, your regular chat logs are stored on Google’s servers until you actively decide to delete them. The Verge has reported that this a policy about-face from what Google said its intention was last May at the Google I/O conference where Allo was first announced. Allo is built around machine learning and artificial intelligence, which drives the new Google Assistant, and helps serve up “smart reply” buttons inside your chats that are meant to be shortcuts to what Google anticipates you might want to respond with next. Google reasons that the more data it collects, the smarter such features will get, a policy consistent with its approach on the Google Hangouts service. "We've given users transparency and control over their data in Google Allo,” Google said in a statement emailed to USA TODAY. “And our approach is simple -- your chat history is saved for you until you choose to delete it. You can delete single messages or entire conversations in Allo. We also provide the option to chat in Incognito mode, where messages are end-to-end encrypted and you can set a timer to automatically delete messages on your device, and the recipient’s, at a set time." But Georgetown law professor Marc Rotenberg, who is president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) says the decision to “opt-in” on having regular chat logs saved by Google should be in the users's own hands, with data stored on the person's own device and not on company servers. EPIC has a related complaint before the Federal Trade Commission concerning “always-on devices” that capture and transfer audio in a room and share that data with remote servers. If anything, Google's decision seems likely to avoid the kind of face-off that Apple found itself in with the FBI earlier this year over an iPhone with encrypted data that was used by one of the San Bernardino, Calif. shooters. Rather than trying to force Google to hack into a single device, as the FBI did with Apple, the government could file legal requests to have Google hand over user data residing on its servers. Google has said it requires a search warrant. Law enforcement will love what Google is doing, Rotenberg told USA TODAY in an email. Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter© Jens Meyer/AP Photo People work on laptop computers in front of an illuminated Google logo. Go to MSN Home More in Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Can Trump undermine abortion rights? Not so fast USA TODAY United: Boeing 747s to be retired by October 2018 USA TODAY Former airline employee named as shooter in Okla. airport murder USA TODAY Roma Downey, Mark Burnett to launch faith network USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Leak reveals new features coming to Google’s Pixel phones Chris Smith BGR NewsSeptember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share When Google unveils the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones on October 4th, we’ll say goodbye to a bunch of things, including the Nexus brand, vanilla Android experience and low-cost Google devices. Recent leaks revealed almost everything there is to know about the new Google phones, but it looks like the company has more surprises in store, especially on the software side. DON’T MISS: 7 ways Apple’s iPhone 7 is much better than any Samsung phone Google Now is dead This isn’t going to be a Pixel-only feature. In fact, you can already “get it.” It appears that Google has grown tired with Google Now and Google Now on Tap. In version 6.5.26 of the Google Search app that began rolling out on Wednesday, Google Now cards have been renamed to “Feed,” and Now on Tap is “Screen search.” The move is likely tied to the launch of the Google Assistant, which will probably arrive when the Pixel phones come out as part of the rumored Android 7.1 Nougat update. Of course, you can already try Google Assistant now in the company's new Allo app. Reset button If computers have reset buttons, why can’t smartphones have the same option? That’s one thing you may have wanted for years, and Google is finally adding it — well, others have done it before, but Google is now supporting it. According to Android Police, the Pixel phones will have a reboot button in the power menu that will let you restart the phone. Round is the new square A teardown of the Pixel Launcher reveals that Google is going to go all in on round launcher icons. That’s not necessarily a major change, but you won’t miss it, as all apps will have circular icons moving forward. It’s not clear at this point whether the circular shape has anything to do with potential Pixel Launcher features that are yet to be uncovered. Of all the new round icons, the Calendar app is getting a special feature: It’ll automatically change the image to display the current date. Trending right now: All the biggest complaints about the iPhone 7 7 ways Apple’s iPhone 7 is much better than any Samsung phone iPhone 7 photo samples: Seriously, how does a phone have a camera this good? See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News A month later and only rich would’ve been affected, says UP farmer Odisha: In country’s poorest district, ‘biggest single day deposit’, but no cash Demonetisation impact: Business in red at red-light district Unlawful Activities Prevention Act: Govt bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years Conjoined twins Riddhi & Siddhi begin new chapter, head to school Home India India News CM Fadnavis in USA: Google to help Mumbai become ‘Wi-Fi city’ CM Fadnavis in USA: Google to help Mumbai become ‘Wi-Fi city’ Under the smart city initiative, the Maharashtra government has been toying with a plan to turn the country’s economic capital into a Wi-Fi city with over 1,200 hotspots. By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Published:September 22, 2016 4:44 am Devendra Fadnavis with the Google team in San Francisco. Photo: @CMOMaharashtra on Twitter Global technology giant Google has come forward to partner with Maharashtra in the state’s to turn Mumbai into a ‘Wi-Fi city’. Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, who was on a four-day official trip to the United States, held discussions in this regard with senior representatives from Google at San Francisco on Wednesday. Under the smart city initiative, the Maharashtra government has been toying with a plan to turn the country’s economic capital into a Wi-Fi city with over 1,200 hotspots. The Chief Minister’s Office issued a note, which confirmed that during the discussion, Google representatives showed willingness to partner the state in this initiative. Twinkle Khanna: Being A Feminist Equated With Being A Satanist Or A Justin Bieber Fan Twinkle Khanna Tests Karan Johar’s General Knowledge & He Is Stumped John Abraham And Sonakshi Sinha Explain How Force 2 Has Some Never-Seen-Before Action 5 Resons To Watch Force 2 Trouble Mounts For Former IPL Chairman Lalit Modi: Here’s How Demonetisation: Banks Use Indelible Ink On Cash Exchanger’s Finger Assam: 1 Killed, 2 Injured As Suspected Militants Attack Cash Van Sheena Bora Murder: Bombay High Court Rejects Peter Mukherjea’s Bail Plea Demonetisation: Farmers Hit Hardest By The Cash Crunch TMC, Shiv Sena, NC Join Protest March Against Demonetisation Demonetisation: Piyush Goyal Says ‘Honest Has Been Honoured’; Anand Sharma Criticizes, Says Rs 2000 Note Reminds Him Of ‘Churan Ki Pudiya’ External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Undergoes Dialysis At AIIMS Relief For Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi: Find Out More Bigg Boss 10 Nov 15 Review: Why Gaurav Chopra Is Hesitant To Take A Stand? Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding Fadnavis met several technology giants in San Francisco on Wednesday. Among the notable ones was global telecom carrier Sabse Technologies Inc, started by Hotmail founder Sabeer Bhatia, which has evinced interest in a project for use of technology to promote sustainable agriculture. Bhatia was present during the discussions with the CM. Airbnb, meanwhile, has shown interest in a tie-up with the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation to promote the state’s tourist states. Fadnavis also held discussions on opportunities and investment in the state with the representative of APCO Worldwide. Back home, Maharashtra signed an MoU with auto giant Volkswagen India for upgrade of the Industrial Technology Institute (ITI) in Pimpri-Chinchwad where the firm has a manufacturing plant. As part of the MoU, the firm will provide auto sector-related skill set training to the youth. Skill Development Minister Sambhaji Nilengekar and Volkswagen India’s Managing Director Dr Andreas Lauermann signed the MoU. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: IT surveys real estate firms in Delhi-NCR to check reports of tax evasion IndiaDemonetisation: Half of ATMs to be recalibrated by next week to dispense new Rs 500, Rs 2000 notes IndiaGovt counters Opposition: Those not in favour will be asked if they support black money IndiaNo intention to demonetise Rs 100/50 notes: Government BusinessArun Jaitley on Vijay Mallya: Bad loans write-off doesn't mean we won't pursue it EntertainmentRajinikanth's Enthiran 2.0 poster featuring Akshay Kumar is out, see pic EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDirector Ameer questions Rajinikanth's integrity for supporting PM Modi's demonetisation EntertainmentRamayan's 'Vibhishan' Mukesh Rawal dies in train accident Must Read Sports2nd Test: Bullet loaded, revolver spun, prayer said SportsHere's how India have fared on rank turners SportsKartik explains art of bowling on crumbling wickets TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge vs Pixel XL: Flagship wars TechnologyTomTom launches Spark 3, Adventurer sports watches and Touch fitness tracker in India TechnologyGoogle suggests standardised charging, wants to make it safer Lifestyle5 times Sonam Kapoor inspired us to drape a sari in an unusual way for this wedding season Nov 16: Latest News Those upset with demonetisation are those hit: Government to Opposition In framework agreement, road to India’s place in the Sun Maharashtra: Couple end life in Dapodi Nawaz Sharif’s choices for new Pak Army Chief: Who are in the race, and why Big crocodiles have survived, small fish have died, says Sitaram Yechury                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Taiwan Asks Google to Blur Images Showing New South China Sea Facilities VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory September 22, 2016 08:13 Taiwan's defense ministry said on Wednesday it is asking Google to blur satellite images showing what experts say appear to be new military installations on Itu Aba, Taipei's sole holding in the disputed South China Sea. The revelation of new military-related construction could raise tensions in the contested waterway, where China's building of airstrips and other facilities has worried other claimants and the United States. The images seen on Google Earth show four three-pronged structures sitting in a semi-circle just off the northwestern shoreline of Itu Aba, across from an upgraded airstrip and recently constructed port that can dock 3,000-ton frigates. "Under the pre-condition of protecting military secrets and security, we have requested Google blur images of important military facilities," Taiwan Defense Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi said on Wednesday, after local media published the images on Itu Aba. Itu Aba, Taipei's sole holding in the disputed South China Sea /Google Map The United States has urged against the militarisation of the South China Sea, following the rapid land reclamation by China on several disputed reefs through dredging, and building air fields and port facilities. Taiwan's defense ministry and coast guard, which directly oversees Itu Aba, said details about the structures are confidential and have not commented on their nature. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the request. Defense experts in Taiwan said that based on the imagery of the structures and their semi-circular layout, the structures were likely related to defense and could be part of an artillery foundation. "I think definitely it will be for military purposes, but I cannot tell if it is for defending, attacking or monitoring," said Dustin Wang, a scholar and a former government advisor who has regularly visited Itu Aba. Wang said given the structures' location which faces the main seaborne traffic, they may relate to surveillance. China, Taiwan, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia and Brunei claim parts or all of the South China Sea, through which trillions of dollars in trade passes. In July, an international court ruled against China in a case brought by the Philippines that rejected China's claim to a vast swathes of the disputed maritime area. Both China and Taiwan, which China views as a renegade province, vehemently rejected the court ruling. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us How to stop Allo from automatically downloading photos, GIFs, and videos to your device +10,903 Chris Chavez Sep 21st, 2016 In case you haven’t heard, Allo — Google’s AI-assisted messaging app — launched today (well, technically late last night). Still a work in progress, the app is the first to showcase the power of Google’s Assistant, infusing the messaging app with chatbot-like functionality even while you’re in a chat with someone else. It’s clear the app has some good things going for it — like sticker packs, and the fact that you don’t need a Google account to use it — it’s facing some pretty steep competition from the likes of the more well-established Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp. Let’s just say Google certainly has their work cut out for them. Right now there’s no way to send SMS in the app, there’s no desktop client, and you can’t even use the Allo on more than one device simultaneously. If you want to view media, you gotta download it first Another big annoyance we found is that out of the box, Allo automatically download photos, GIFs, and videos people send to you. All the media files are stored in a folder on your device called Allo media for safe keeping. The weird part is should you ever delete the contents of this folder, there’s no way to go back into Allo and re-download/view the media again, so be careful before you clear this folder out. It’s true there’s a setting to turn this “auto-download” off, but it’s more a less to save cellular data than anything else. Once turned off, you’ll only see a preview of what someone is trying to send you, with GIFs no longer play on their own and photos being extremely low-res. When it comes time to actually view them, you’ll still have to manually download everything to your phone. That means, you guessed it: attachments will once again go right back into an Allo media folder. When it comes to normal chats: viewing = downloading. They’re one and the same. Incognito lets you view media without leaving a paper trail The only way to stop Allo from automatically storing the media you view (like how it is on Hangouts) is to go Incognito. It’s there you can view all the different types of media sent to you without leaving behind a paper trail. Viewing media Incognito works almost exactly as it does in regular chat. Photos, GIFs, and videos will auto-download if you have the “Always download media” option enabled in Allo’s settings for instant playback. If turned off, you’ll still need to load up each type of media manually, but we’re guessing it’s now being stored in an encrypted portion of your phone’s storage where (we hope) it’s cleared out regularly. Unlike normal chats, if you look in your Gallery, you wont find anything being sent in the Allo media folder — just the way we like it. The only problem is it’s impossible to save media while Incognito, but taking a screen shot is still a possible work around. ***** It’s true other messaging apps like Facebook Messenger will ask if you want to auto-download media sent to you, but it’s by no means a requirement or even enabled by default. Hangouts has been receiving a lot of flak these days for its failure to innovate or evolve, but I have to admit, they do manage to do some things right. local_offer    Allo   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (19) stars Further Reading Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Allo dev says iMessage won't support SMS on Android PushBullet now works with Allo Google is rolling out Allo v2.0 Apple could bring iMessage to Android still stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Google launches new messaging app CBS This Morning Obama tries to reassure Europe CBS This Morning Trump team shakes up staff CBS This Morning Deadly shooting at OKC airport CBS This Morning Trump Tower security concerns CBS This Morning Megyn Kelly on Trump, Ailes CBS This Morning Sen. Flake on Trump CBS This Morning Rochester teen reporter CBS This Morning Heartwarming friendship SciTech Tech's gender pay gap wider than U.S. average SciTech Facebook, Google announce new policies to fight fake news SciTech Trump likely to take aim at Obama environment initiatives SciTech France: U.S. must respect "irreversible" climate deal SciTech Twitter finally empowers users to block trolling SciTech Swimmers complete 7-hour crawl across Dead Sea SciTech Thousands of dead fish clog a Long Island canal SciTech Tinder dating app offers more gender options SciTech Soyuz Launch-to-Docking Timeline SciTech New laptops make traditional keyboards touchy SciTech New rule could make electric and hybrid cars safer SciTech World set to break annual heat record – again AP September 21, 2016, 6:22 PM Google's Allo chat app is clever – but is it smart? Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email NEW YORK  Google wants to add a middleman to your mobile chats – a personal virtual assistant who’s not shy about interjecting itself into the conversation. The new Allo app promises to be “smart,” sort of. Its Google Assistant will butt in with restaurant recommendations when someone types, “Want to get sushi?” It can also send daily updates on weather and sports and will also suggest replies to your friends’ messages. The idea is to keep the conversation flowing, so you don’t have to constantly leave Allo to look up something else. Erik Kay, engineering director at Google, introduces Allo and Duo on stage during the Google I/O 2016 developers conference in Mountain View, California May 18, 2016. REUTERS/Stephen Lam Google is releasing the free chat app Wednesday, just a week after Apple​ updated its own Messages app with the iOS 10 software update​. Messages works on iPhones and iPads, while Allo will work for iPhones and Android phones, but not tablets. Do you really need another chat app? Here’s more on Allo to help you decide. Smart replies Allo can help cut down on typing on small screens by suggesting replies based on context. If a friend asks how you’re doing, you can tap “Good tnx.” Allo preserves chatting shortcuts such as “u’’ for “you.” Apple​ offers something similar on its smartwatch​, but not phones or tablets. Allo will also analyze photos to suggest replies such as “beautiful smile” or “the skyline looks great!” - at least for photos with smiles or skylines. Remember that this is software, so its suggestions won’t always make sense. Of course, you’re free to type your own response. Sending a computer-generated​ reply to a friend can feel, well, deceptive. Worse, it might make your friend wonder if your response is genuine. And having the suggestions appear in oval bubbles in the chat can make it seem as though a stranger has joined the chat (though you can shut out Google by enabling incognito mode). Personal assistant  When you’re chatting with someone, you’re often making plans. Google Assistant can retrieve information on nearby restaurants, movie times and even the weather. Everyone in the chat will see the Assistant’s replies and can weigh in on the choices. 11 Photos Best new features in Apple's iOS 10 Apple's latest operating system has lots of bells and whistles you can try out after you hit "update" In some cases, Google Assistant​ will even anticipate your needs, such as when someone’s asking about getting sushi. An oval bubble appears with an offer to retrieve nearby sushi restaurants. After choosing one, you can tap for opening hours, directions or the menu. Reservations aren’t available yet, though Google is considering third-party integrations such as OpenTable for dinner and Airbnb for accommodations. Apple’s Messages doesn’t invoke the Siri​ virtual assistant the same way, but it already offers integration with third-party apps so that you can make plans (and reservations) while chatting. Beyond planning, Google Assistant can give you the latest news and sports scores, translate phrases or do math calculations. Asking for directions will bring up Google Maps​. Limited smarts The app’s intelligence still feels, well, limited. Though Google Assistant is an evolution of the Google Now feature that has long been on phones, it doesn’t do as much as Google Now in terms of identifying patterns or checking other Google services. For instance, if a friend asks you when your flight leaves, Allo won’t try to suggest a reply, even though Google​ has your calendar. Likewise, Google Assistant won’t automatically offer traffic conditions or transit schedules for your regular commute the way Google Now does. You can request daily updates on the weather, news and sports. But you can’t get automatic updates whenever the score changes or a game ends. Google calls its Assistant a preview. Following its debut on Allo, it will arrive on a smart speaker called Google Home this fall. Expressions Plain text is boring, so Allo features a slider that can make your messages and emojis larger or smaller. You can send one of hundreds of virtual stickers specifically designed for Allo. Apple’s​ Messages app has a variation on this. You can make a message “loud,” such that the chat bubble briefly gets larger. Or make it “gentle” and appear in small text. Sticker packs are also available through a new app store within Messages. One problem with both of these apps is that your friends need to be using the same app to see the desired effect. Google will send text messages to non-Allo friends, but without the special effects. Apple Messages will add notations such as “sent with Loud Effect” to those on Android or older versions of Messages. Too many apps? Beyond making its Assistant smarter, Google will need to persuade people they need yet another chat app, something that could be tough given that Google already offers four of them. Google’s Hangouts text and video calling service will be targeted at business users. Allo is the consumer offering, but won’t offer video calling. That’s where the Duo app​ comes in. And while Allo accounts are based on your phone number, not your Google ID, you can’t use Allo to receive regular texts. On Android, Google has Messenger for that. © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular Most Popular 01 Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 views 02 Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 views 03 President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 views 04 60 Minutes interview: President-elect Donald Trump 620655 views 05 Will Donald Trump refuse to take a salary as president? 556291 views Play Video Trump team shakes up staff Play Video Office Depot investigation Play Video Megyn Kelly on Trump, Ailes Play Video Deadly shooting at OKC airport Play Video Heartwarming friendship Previous Next 107 Photos Trump protests 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 7 Photos Newspaper front pages tell story of shocking Trump win 33 Photos A crash course on Melania Trump Previous Next Most Discussed President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press Thousands protest Trump victory across nation New details emerge about contacts between Trump camp, Moscow New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
null
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-16 Bravo’s Andy Cohen Drops AIDS Bombshell In New Diary Book ‘Superficial’ Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jill Duggar Counting On Days To El Salvador, Attends Derick Dillard Family Wedding With Baby After Jinger And Jeremy Set Off To Honeymoon Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jazz Legend Mose Allison Joins The Long List Of Musicians Lost In 2016 Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News World 2016-11-16 Russia Relieved With Trump Victory, Quiets Fears A Clinton Win Would Lead To Conflict Opinion 2016-11-16 Jared Kushner: Donald Trump’s Son-In-Law Is ‘Draining The Swamp,’ And He Is Starting With Those Close To The President-Elect [Opinion] Celebrity News, News 2016-11-16 ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Brittany Cartwright And Katie Maloney Respond To Weight Criticism Opinion 2016-11-16 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-16 ‘Assassin’s Creed: The Ezio Collection’ Is A Mixed But Full Bag [Review] Gaming 2016-11-16 Hello Games Employees Leaving ‘No Man’s Sky’: Is Game Doomed? Gaming 2016-11-16 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-16 Meet Mike Pence’s Namesake: ‘Other’ Mike Pence Has No Love Lost For VP-Elect BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Google Allo’s Release Date Is Today: Why It’s The Messaging App You Never Knew You Wanted Mobile 1 0 0 September 21, 2016 Google Allo’s Release Date Is Today: Why It’s The Messaging App You Never Knew You Wanted Kevin Carneglia Google Allo hasn’t been getting the press it deserves. You might have heard Google’s messaging app mentioned alongside other applications like WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. However, if you’ve been using them up till now, prepare to be amazed. Google Allo’s release date is today, and a quick dive into its features shows what you had no idea you were missing. Introduction When you first start Allo, you’ll be asked to verify your phone number and grant it permission to access your contacts. Google will then send a verification code by SMS. Enter that when prompted, and you’ll be allowed to set a profile pic if you’d like. You’ll know you’re set when you see chat bubbles addressing you by name. This is Google Assistant working its magic. “Smart” Messaging As CNET mentions, you’ll be greeted by Google Assistant after setting up Allo. This handy feature allows you to get Google search results directly from your Allo chat. Needless to say, the benefits of this are nearly endless. But wait, there’s more! Allo also allows you to set your messages so they self-destruct. This isn’t a unique feature, but one that will make privacy advocates happy. As Techworm will tell you, messages in Allo’s Incognito Mode can be set to expire after 5, 10, or 30 seconds, as well as a day or week. Finally, you can turn off the expiration date from the chat interface in incognito mode. The recipient can also control these features from their end of the chat. Google Allo is available on both iOS and Android’s app stores, though it may take some time to roll out worldwide. Android users can also grab a free guide on Allo from a third-party developer on the Play Store. You can query Allo’s assistant by simply texting it, “What Can You Do?” Allo is seen on a user’s Samsung Galaxy S7 screen. Google released the smart messaging app today to most users. [Image by dennizn/Shutterstock] Privacy Is A Priority When you start a conversation in Allo, you’ll notice that the option for Incognito Mode exists. Android Authority notes that this allows you to have off-the-record conversations that even Google can’t read. This is done by encrypting a chat so only you and the recipient can read it. To enter Incognito Mode, just click on the bottom left to start a new conversation. When you’re searching for a contact, you’ll be offered the chance to go Incognito. It’s important to note that only contacts with Allo can participate in private chats. Photos Get Artsier Photos aren’t just pictures when you’re using Google’s Allo. Rather, you can doodle on the screen to bring your pictures to life. You can also add text to pictures. Additionally, you can send stickers to friends from Allo’s chat interface. Simply tap the plus icon at the bottom to get started. Then, select from the icons to share stickers, pics, or even a map location. Allo notes where you are and suggests locales around you that might be send-worthy. If your pal has Allo, you can also see a message’s status by tapping and holding on it. Allo then says “read” or “delivered” below it. TechCrunch found that you can also change the way text appears by holding the send button down and then dragging up or down. This will make the text seem bigger or smaller, features Allo dubs “shout” and “whisper.” Google Engineering Director Erik Kay discusses Allo and Google Duo during the Google I/O Conference, May 18, 2016. [Image by Erik Risberg/AP Images] Always Have A Smart Reply Allo’s aptly-titled Smart Reply feature takes the words right out of your phone’s mouth. When a friend sends a picture, Allo somehow knows what’s in the pic and can suggest an appropriate response. Smart Reply functions just like autocorrect on your phone. Simply start writing, and Allo will try to fill in the blanks. But Allo’s assistant isn’t just useful; it puts the “fun” in “functional.” You can also ask the assistant to play a random video or get sports scores, for instance. Google’s smart assistant also has time for small talk whenever you want, and seems to thoroughly understand what you’re asking for. Group Messaging Allo also has group messaging, of course. Creating a group is straightforward: just click to start a new message and the option reveals itself. You can also choose from a number of fun avatars to give the group a little logo. If your friends don’t have Allo, the messenger seamlessly transitions over to free SMS. You can still send stickers, pics, and emojis regardless of whether the recipient has this app. It should be taken with a grain of salt that the Google Assistant is still in preview mode. Google has plans to eventually integrate the Assistant into apps like Google Home, so it will probably get new improvements over time. However, it still seems safe to use and there are no apparent issues. If you don’t see Allo on your app store yet, no worries. It hasn’t rolled out worldwide yet, but CNET found that it will be released to different markets over the next few days. If you’ve grabbed Allo, let us know what you think below. [Featured Image by Helar Lukats/Wikimedia Commons/CC-BY SA 4.0] Now Read This: ‘Pokemon Go’: The Trick To Creating New Pokestops Brings Hope To Rural Trainers Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Kevin Carneglia Tags: Allo, messaging apps, privacy, google Comments LATEST HEADLINES Drake Is Getting Revenge On Rihanna — And Taylor Swift Is Helping [Report] Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals Vs Target, Walmart: Where Will You Find The Perfect HDTV, PS4, And Xbox One S Bundle? Russia Relieved With Trump Victory, Quiets Fears A Clinton Win Would Lead To Conflict UFO Disclosure: ‘Aliens And UFOs Are Real,’ Former Chinese Government Official Confirms [Video] Rob Kardashian Cashing In On Daughter: How Much Did Father Get To Film Birth Of Baby? Jared Kushner: Donald Trump’s Son-In-Law Is ‘Draining The Swamp,’ And He Is Starting With Those Close To The President-Elect [Opinion] ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Brittany Cartwright And Katie Maloney Respond To Weight Criticism ‘Fairy Tail’ Manga Chapter 510: Emotional Journey Through Heart Of E.N.D., Natsu Reveals Terrible Secret, Sting To Battle Lacarde [Spoilers] Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] Stassi Schroeder Could Be Looking For Love On ‘Millionaire Matchmaker’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 57.8k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.9k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 31.4k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24.9k 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 5.8k 0 0 Democratic Pundits Are Starting To Blame Hillary’s Spectacular Failure On Bernie Sanders [Opinion] 5.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines UFO Disclosure: ‘Aliens And UFOs Are Real,’ Former Chinese Government Official Confirms [Video] 1 0 0 Khloe Kardashian ‘Too Skinny’ In Waist Trainer Pic? ‘Proud’ Of New ‘Revenge Body’ Weight Loss Show 2 0 0 Rob Kardashian Cashing In On Daughter: How Much Did Father Get To Film Birth Of Baby? 0 0 0 Jared Kushner: Donald Trump’s Son-In-Law Is ‘Draining The Swamp,’ And He Is Starting With Those Close To The President-Elect [Opinion] 0 0 0 ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Brittany Cartwright And Katie Maloney Respond To Weight Criticism 0 0 0 ‘Fairy Tail’ Manga Chapter 510: Emotional Journey Through Heart Of E.N.D., Natsu Reveals Terrible Secret, Sting To Battle Lacarde [Spoilers] 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Now is (seemingly) dead; long live Assistant By Ida Torres - September 21, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter There is still no official word from Google, but it looks like their Google Now will soon be killed off as has been rumored for a bit now. Ever since they announced that they will be launching something called Google Assistant, speculation has risen that the Google Now branding will soon disappear. The latest beta update for the Google Search app seemingly supports this rumor as all traces of Google Now have been removed. Or rather, the elements have actually been renamed, but the features remain the same. Google Assistant is being pitched as something that could give you predictive and contextual information even before you thought you needed it. However, that is basically what Google Now on Tap is supposed to be right? And so what should you do when you have two seemingly similar products? Kill off the older is the logical answer. And that seems to be what Google will be doing. The beta version of Google Search now has “Feed” to replace Google Now Cards while Google Now on Tap is “Screen search”. Google Now is actually already four years old (a decade, in digital time) so no surprise that it’s an easy decision to replace it. But Google Now on Tap was just introduced at last year’s I/O. On paper, it seemed like a great idea, but somehow, Android users didn’t warm up to it, despite its recent re-design. So Google Assistant may be their way of rebranding it or actually going back to the drawing board with it. But right now, we really don’t know anything except that Google Now has disappeared as a name. But its features do live on in some capacity, even if the names are a little more generic. VIA: Android Police TAGS Android Apps beta Google Google Assistant google now Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,398FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,304FollowersFollow 59,490SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 19:57 GMT, Nov 16, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Whatever you do, do not use Google Allo: Snowden Published time: 21 Sep, 2016 21:49Edited time: 23 Sep, 2016 09:16 Get short URL Edward Snowden © Alkis Konstantinidis / Reuters Google Allo, the new “smart” chat app launched on Wednesday, is ‘dangerous’ and should be avoided, according to whistleblower Edward Snowden. TrendsViral The ex-NSA contractor posted a series of Tweets to warn everyone away from the chat app, which he says will “record every message you ever send and make it available to police upon request”. What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 Allo, designed to unseat chat pack leader WhatsApp, promises to deliver quick conversations with features like; “Smart Reply” that can guess your answers and respond to messages with just the tap of a button, and “Google Assistant”, which answers your questions and helps you search for things directly in your chat. READ MORE: Tech firms distancing themselves from spies thanks to Snowden – MI6 chief How does Allo plan on predicting your every word and witty emoji, you ask? “The more you use it, the more it improves over time,” which basically means they’ll collect and store as much of your data as possible and then use artificial intelligence to guess your replies. Thinking about #Allo? Last year, our secret court approved 100% of requests for surveillance. They would cover Allo. https://t.co/oYtc3Pu8tx— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 However, the efficiency of time-saving typing may end up costing customers their already compromised privacy. When Google first announced the introduction of Allo earlier this year they, too, had planned end-to-end-encryption in “Incognito Mode” and assured they would only store messages transiently, rather than indefinitely. However,  it now appears that Google won’t be doing that after all. Wednesday’s announcement revealed Google plans to store all conversations that aren’t specifically started in “incognito mode” by default. Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 READ MORE: ‘Terrorism investigation’ Court lets NSA collect telephone records data As Snowden pointed out, last year every single one of the NSA and FBI’s 1,457 surveillance requests was granted by the US foreign intelligence surveillance court… and Allo’s stored data (i.e. your data) will be fair game too. Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 In contrast, all of WhatsApp’s chats are encrypted and unreadable - although they did announce last month that they will now be sharing your contacts and who you talk to with Facebook. READ MORE: ‘Betrayal of trust'? WhatsApp to start sharing user data with Facebook, corporations Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LOOKING IT OVER Google’s Allo messaging app isn’t making good on its privacy promises Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging September 21, 2016 You win some, you lose some. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging September 21, 2016 At the Google I/O developer conference in May, Allo, the search giant’s contribution to the crowded messaging app market, was pitched as offering unparalleled privacy. But, in officially announcing its release in a blog post last night (Sept. 20), Google played up more common features: stickers, emojis, doodling on photos. The real differentiator now is “smart replies”— a predictive feature that automatically suggests text and emoji-based reactions for text messages as well as photos. For instance, if your friend sends you a photo of her pet, you might see suggestions like “aww cute!” For smart replies to work, Google had to pull back on its promise to not hold onto your chat logs. Logging messages is essential for honing the app’s machine learning system that churns out predictions. Over time, the responses adjust to make recommendations based on how you typically react. For that, it requires some data processing, which would not be possible if the data was permanently unavailable to Google. Users still have “transparency and control over their data in Google Allo,” a Google spokesperson told Quartz. “Your chat history is saved for you until you choose to delete it.” This applies to individual messages or complete conversations. When a sender elects to wipe their chats clean, it’s immediately taken off their device and the server. The recipient’s copy will persist on their device and Google’s server unless they decide to erase it, too. This is also how Google Hangouts works. Since the messages are no longer protected unless specified, it’s fair game for law enforcement personnel to access them with the right warrants—this is common practice with message data in Gmail and Hangouts and Android’s location data. Edward Snowden, the famed whistleblower, took to Twitter to log his opinion on Allo. Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 For those concerned about privacy, the app allows you to switch to incognito mode, which is end-to-end encrypted. An expiration feature allows users to set a time limit, after which messages disappear from the sender and the recipient’s devices. However, smart replies won’t be available in incognito, stripping the app of it’s special features. With Google’s competitors offering services that people have traditionally turned to Google search for—like Facebook Messenger chatbots booking flights and hotels—the company also added Google Assistant to Allo. The assistant carries out the Google Now voice assistant functions —scour for addresses, movie showtimes, restaurants, flights and hotels—from within the app. Users can also start a direct conversation with @google, to find information on news, weather, traffic, sports and more. The assistant feature is being previewed within Allo but could soon make inroads into other Google products. It’s only available in English for now and doesn’t work in incognito mode. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Smartclothes ready for beta launch with new logo [VIDEO] Andrew Myrick Sep 21st, 2016 +6,755 There you have it folks, the official logo for one of Google’s latest projects, Project Jacquard. This may sound familiar because it was introduced at Google I/O 2016 as Google announced its partnership with Levi. For those who unfamiliar with Jacquard, the project from Google’s ATAP team is one that creates touch-sensitive clothing apparel. The partnership was for the Levi’s Commuted x Jacquard by Google Trucker Jacket, which has sensors weaved into the fabric and will connect to a user’s phone allowing them to interact with it by touching a specific portion of the sleeve. These functions include answering/rejecting phone calls and integration with services such as Spotify and Google Maps. Wearable monitoring devices to be worn by a user for medical purposes, namely, user interaction monitors, muscle activity monitors, heart rate monitors, respiratory monitors, thermometers, blood pressure monitors, pedometers, force sensing monitors, skin impedance monitors, and motion sensing monitors.  The little catch with Project Jacquard for Google was that the company hadn’t officially given the project a logo, until Friday. As of Friday, Google was granted a trademark for the above logo so that we will be able to recognize Jacquard once the project is completed. Google’s partnership with Levi is expected to culminate with the release of this Trucker Jacket in beta form this fall, then will experience a widespread launch in Spring of 2017. It’s good to see that Google doesn’t arbitrarily kill all of the projects it announces, even if this one seems a little out there. Check out the video about this project and let us know what you think about Project Jacquard and what other instances you could see this used in. [USPTO] local_offer    Google  Google ATAP  Levis  Project Jacquard   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertSnapchat Glasses Review [VIDEO] closeHands-on with Snapchat’s fun new video sunglasses [VIDEO] Early this morning, I made the hour-long commute to be one of the first to get their hands on Snap Inc.’s brand new Snapchat glasses. Here are our thoughts. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertNokia's smartwatch prototype surfaces closeHere’s a look at the Nokia smartwatch that could have been Don’t look now, but Nokia had plans to make a smartwatch at one point in time. Those plans have apparently been shelved, but someone was able to snag a prototype to show off to the world. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Former Myspace Music CTO Dmitry Shapiro Leaves Google to Found Metaverse Startup (EXCLUSIVE) Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 2 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Courtesy of Dmitry Shapiro September 21, 2016 | 02:03PM PT Former Veoh CEO and Myspace Music CTO Dmitry Shapiro has left Google to work on a mysterious new startup that may be related to virtual or augmented reality. Shapiro left Google last month, Variety has learned, and is now looking to hire talent for his new San Diego-based company GoMeta. The company, which was incorporated in August and doesn’t have a website yet, aims to make the world “more magical,” according to a recent Facebook post by Shapiro, who also said that it is “building a metaverse” — a term commonly associated with virtual worlds like Second Life. “The future will be augmented,” Shapiro said via email when asked about his new company, and continued rather cryptically: “The Metaverse is a democracy. I’m with Her.” Before leaving Google, Shapiro worked on the company’s social efforts, including its social network Google+. Before that, he was CTO of Myspace Music. And in 2004, Shapiro founded one of the pioneering online video sites called Veoh. Veoh was catapulted into the spotlight when Universal Music sued the site for copyright infringement in 2007. The lengthy lawsuit forced Veoh into bankruptcy in 2010, and eventually led to Shapiro selling its assets. However, a still-unknown benefactor continued to finance Veoh’s defense, which allowed the lawsuit to continue. This eventually led to a legal precedent for similar media sharing sites, with courts deciding that Veoh could’t be held liable for its users’ uploads as long as it removed infringing content upon receiving proper notice. Update: 4:01pm: This post was updated with a statement from Dmitry Shapiro. Filed Under: Myspace Veoh virtual reality Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 2 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 11:20AM PT What Donald Trump’s Presidency Could Mean for PBS 2 TV 10:12AM PT ‘Gilmore Girls’: Secrets of the Musical in the Netflix Revival (Watch) 3 TV 9:45AM PT Will Skinny Bundles Like AT&T’s DirecTV Now Destroy Pay TV? 4 TV 9:30AM PT Alex Wagner Named Co-Host of Saturday ‘CBS This Morning’ 5 TV 8:53AM PT TV Ratings: ‘This Is Us’ Returns Strong in Post-Election Tuesday No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 2 Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Bob Jennings says: September 22, 2016 at 9:10 am This has me all sorts of excited. Reply Jessie Newburn says: September 21, 2016 at 6:35 pm I recently heard Dmitry explain his vision … and it was, indeed, compelling! No spoilers. Just saying that it was COMPELLING. Reply See All 2 Comments More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Cate Blanchett deja ver el poder femenino en el tráiler de 'RED' CW Midseason Schedule: 'Supernatural' & 'DC's Legends Of… Jimmy Jazz's Collab With Timberland Will Make You Hungry TVLine Items: Rookie Blue Star Visits Chicago, Colony Adds Three… T-Mobile starts holiday sales a week early with Magenta Friday Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Television Games Arts Photo Galleries Beaches Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Contests Your Photos David Quick Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Advertising Interactive Media Kit Sponsored Content 70° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Sunny. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. High 69F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 16, 2016 @ 12:56 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Google water-use plan seen as ‘threat’ David Slade Sep 20, 2016 (…) MOUNT PLEASANT — A proposal to pump up to 1.5 million gallons of water daily from an aquifer in order to cool Google’s server farm near Goose Creek and Moncks Corner could imperil the area’s drinking water, a town councilman said. “This aquifer is ... a primary source of water supply not only to 80,000 citizens of Mount Pleasant but also the surrounding Charleston County area,” said Mark Smith, chairman of the town’s Water Supply Committee and an ex-officio Mount Pleasant Waterworks commissioner. The application by Maguro Enterprises — the business name for Google’s local operations — calls for pulling potentially 549 million gallons yearly from the aquifer. That’s three times the amount it is currently permitted to withdraw. Aquifers are ancient reservoirs of fresh water located deep underground, about 1,600 feet in this case. They provide a source of drinking water but are also tapped for agriculture, irrigation and for use by industry. “You’re talking about water in a formation that’s millions of years old,” said Clay Duffie, general manager of Mount Pleasant Waterworks. “It’s relatively pristine. It doesn’t have any man-made contaminants.” He said the town draws an average of 3.5 million gallons from the aquifer daily and buys an average of 5.5 million gallons daily from Charleston Water System, which relies on surface water sources. Duffie said the town buys most of its water from the utility, partly in order to reduce pressure on the aquifer. “Instead of pumping more and more, we started pumping less, so that we could sustain that aquifer,” Duffie said. He said Google should explore alternatives for cooling its equipment. “The sole purpose for this tremendous consumption is to flush through a non-contact cooling water system at its Google facility in Moncks Corner,” Smith said. “This technique is a colossal waste of our valuable resources and is a threat to public health and safety.” Smith ran for Town Council on a pro-business platform and is president of the East Cooper Republican Club, but he said it’s also important to be good stewards of natural resources. He announced his opposition to Google’s groundwater permit days after the public comment period ended on Sept. 16. The S.C. Department of Health and Environmental Control is reviewing the application, spokesman Jim Beasley said. Duffie said Mount Pleasant Waterworks submitted comments to DHEC on Sept. 15, asking the agency “to hold off until Google performs an alternatives analysis.” Duffie said public notices about such permits are hard to find, and few people would know about them unless they check DHEC’s website regularly. “You have to go to the public notice search page, then go to program areas, then scroll down to ‘capacity use and withdrawal’ and then search,” he said. Mount Pleasant Waterworks has been engaged in fights over the aquifer before, and went to court 20 years ago in an unsuccessful bid to stop Nucor from pulling millions of gallons daily from the aquifer for its Berkeley County steel plant. Nucor currently takes 3.1 million gallons from the aquifer daily, slightly less than Mount Pleasant Waterworks consumes and about double what Google is requesting. In a statement released by Google late Wednesday, the company said it looks forwards “to collaborating with the community and discussing their comments” about the plan. “We evaluated various water options and invested in researching the impact that groundwater withdrawal would have on the community and the environment,” the company’s statement said. “Data from our groundwater consultants indicate that impact to the aquifer and the community is expected to be minimal.” The company’s permit application includes a hydrology report by Leggette, Brashears & Graham Inc. that says drawing 1.5 million gallons daily from the aquifer “is not anticipated to result in any adverse impact to the local water resources and existing groundwater users.” The internet giant opened its first Berkeley County data center in 2008, in Mount Holly Commerce Park, then created a second data center there four years ago. In 2013, it announced plans for a third one. Reach David Slade at 843-937-5552 or twitter.com/DSladeNews. Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC South Strand News - Georgetown, Pawleys Island, & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 Email: webteam@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [TA Deals] This massive bundle has all you need to know about Database Administration CNNgo for Android TV is trying its best → Google releases the paper planes demo from Google I/O 2016 on the Play Store Sep 22 Posted by ishubhamsingh If you can remember, Google displayed a Paper Planes interactive map at the Google I/O keynote before the actual presentation began. Users in the audience could catch and throw paper planes, with the planes themselves flying all across the world. If you need a refresher, this is what it looked like at I/O. The demo is now available on the Google Play Store for anyone to try out. Once you install the app, you can stamp planes with your location and throw them out into the world for someone else to receive. Read More Google releases the paper planes demo from Google I/O 2016 on the Play Store was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2cpkSjn via Blogger http://ift.tt/2cWdYhe Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on September 22, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [TA Deals] This massive bundle has all you need to know about Database Administration CNNgo for Android TV is trying its best → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (609) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (723) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,106) Android Authority (3,130) Games (3,566) Phones (3,566) apps (3,567) tablets (3,569) android (9,386) Recent Posts Google Allo updated with Smart Smiley emoji suggestions and chat themes November 17, 2016 T-Mobile introduces “Magenta Friday” – Deals on phones and accessories November 17, 2016 T-Mobile announces Black (and magenta) Friday deals including free lines, a free Galaxy S7, and accessory sales November 17, 2016 Steam multiplayer favorite Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes comes to Daydream VR November 17, 2016 Deal: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Up to 80% off) November 17, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,149 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
null
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion 'WHY ARE THE BRITISH SO UGLY AND STUPID?' Google searches reveal what the world REALLY thinks of the British Europe's burning questions have been asked on Google - but they're not that flattering to us Brits By BRITTANY VONOW and EMMA LAKE 21st September 2016, 9:19 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE biggest questions about Britain have been revealed – with some odd queries leaving Europeans scratching their heads. The appetite for knowledge about Britain after the historic Brexit vote has peaked with a study using Google’s autocomplete feature revealing Europeans are now curious as to why the Brits are “so ugly”, “so dirty” and even “so stupid”. 3 A new study has revealed the questions about Brits most often googled by our European neighbours The research, conducted by the Search Laboratory, found that those in the Netherlands were curious as to why “the British (are) so ugly”. Germans were the most likely to ask why British people are “so stupid” while the Poles wanted to know why British flour was so strange. Portugal also didn’t hold back in their queries, simply asking: “Why are the English crybabies?” In a statement about the results, Search Laboratory said: “The biggest search story of the year in the UK has undoubtedly been Brexit. “Users from all over the continent have been searching queries in the hundreds of thousands every month since February, regarding Britain’s now impending exit from the European Union.” PA:Press Association 3 Google’s autocomplete feature has revealed the burning questions being asked by Europeans about Britain It said that search numbers had peaked around the time of the Brexit vote in June with almost 12.5 million searches. But it found there was still an appetite from Europe to find out more about Britain in the following months with July seeing a similarly high number of searches. Residents of Denmark asked why English judges were wigs. Hungarians  wanted to know why the English put milk in their tea while the Italians asked “Why are the British dirty”. Search Laboratory tried to step in to answer some of the questions that have been keeping our European neighbours up at night. The French call the English “rosbif” because of our tradition of cooking a joint of beef with vegetables. While the term is technically an insult, most Brits wouldn’t take it that way – as Search Laboratory says “who doesn’t love a good roast?”. RELATED STORIES UDDERLY ABSURD Google street view blurs COW'S face in hilarious privacy mix-up IT’S YOUR WORST FEAR Think your Google history has been completely deleted? Think again… SNAIL MAIL Gmail ‘not working’ in Britain and America as hundreds of users report outages in Google’s email service THE SUN SAYS Theresa May is showing EU elites who's boss with her confidence about a successful Brexit NO ONE LIKES A BULLY Lib Dem leader Tim Farron blasts 'bullying' George Osborne's Brexit budget and says it swung EU vote EU'LL DO IT MAY WAY PM Theresa May hits back at weekend of threats by telling EU leaders they WILL do Brexit deal for Britain On to Germany who asked “why are the British so stupid”. There could be something to this one – while IQ levels across Western Europe are around the same level Germany does rank above the UK. The Netherlands asked “why are the British so ugly”. Here Search Laboratory turned to a survey by MissTravel.com to hit back. It found that only Australian and Italian men were ranked “sexier” than their British counterparts. While only Brazil, Russia and Colombia ranked higher than British women. Search Laboratory again tried to defend Brits as Italians asked “why are the British dirty” but quoting a Euromonitor’s study, it admitted the UK is on the lower end of the spectrum when it comes to showers per week. Portugal asked “why are the British crybabies” suggesting the stereotype of the stiff upper lip may not be alive and well. But, global emotional awareness ratings suggest the Potuguese are more emotional than Brits. PA:Press Association 3 People have been turning to Google to find answers for years – with some surprising results for what they think of Britain revealed Theresa May gives statement on Brexit and process of leaving European In response to Denmark's question "why do English judges wear wigs" there are a few explanations. It may be because law courts copied court dress or that they were designed to give judges anonymity. Sweden asked "why has England got two flags". It doesn't. The English flag is the St George's cross, the Union Jack relates to the whole of Britain. Finland's residents were confused about why we're called Britain in the Olympics. Search Laboratory explained that while Britain technically only refers to England, Scotland and Wales, Team GB is actually short for Great Britain and Northern Ireland Olympic Team. There are several responses to Hungary's query about why Brits put milk in their tea. Possibly because it tastes better or because of the strong strains of tea used in the UK or even because in times gone by tea drinkers wanted to cool their beverages to ensure they didn't crack china. In Poland people turned to Google to ask "why is British flour so strange". British flour, and because of this British bread, is very different to Polish varieties. Search Laboratory also had a look at what Brits have been asking about their European neighbours. It found that most queries had a romantic angle - common searches were "what do French men like" and "Italian men in bed". We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics Brexit Google Google Maps Britain Denmark Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News 'I'M SORRY' 'Bored' lad, 15, who ran away reveals he slept rough in London, Birmingham and Manchester for 2 months before… News now for the news on bbc mum BBC presenter gives birth after her waters broke while reading news on live TV - and fellow… News REVENGE PORN THREESOME Teen girl wrecks pal's relationship by sending video of threesome they shared with stranger to her… News Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Exclusive don't mess with me argentina Jeremy Clarkson slams ‘ignorant little worm’ who kicked stars off flight after… News Exclusive what ARG you doing? Moment podgy Towie star James Argent squares up to boxing champ James DeGale in Dubai club News 'WE MUST ESCAPE PLANET EARTH' Stephen Hawking says humanity has less than 1,000 years left until EXTINCTION News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Exclusive 'VICTIM'S' HOLIDAY NIGHTMARE Brit tourist 'gang-raped' in Dubai faces jail after cops accuse her of 'extra-marital' sex News PRAYING FOR SCHUEY Michael Schumacher's friends 'extremely hopeful' he'll be back to his best, says Ross Brawn News Video A SLICE ABOVE Domino's makes first delivery by DRONE in New Zealand as stunt is hailed as 'one giant leap for pizza' News HOUSEBOAT MYSTERY Bizarre moment Canadian solar-powered houseboat washes up on Irish coast with note donating it to a… News Video 'CLIMB ONTO HIS BODY' Bizarre moment bride and groom are forced to have SEX in front of wedding guests News COFFEE SHOP EXPLOSION Three wounded after bomb goes off in city centre cafe in Turkey News APOCALYPSE ON THE WAY? Humanity has one in 500 chance of being wiped out THIS YEAR, expert warns News Most Popular back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive roo's big fat tipsy wedding 'S***-faced' Wayne Rooney shocks guests as he crashes wedding on boozy bender in hotel Football 'I'M SORRY' 'Bored' lad, 15, who ran away reveals he slept rough in London, Birmingham and Manchester for 2 months before… News now for the news on bbc mum BBC presenter gives birth after her waters broke while reading news on live TV - and fellow… News REVENGE PORN THREESOME Teen girl wrecks pal's relationship by sending video of threesome they shared with stranger to her… News Revealed getting (it) on a bit This is how often you should have sex, according to how old you are Living Video What gear? Viewers blast The One Show over 'most awkward interview ever' with Richard Hammond and James May TV & Showbiz Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living WAYNE'S SHAME Boozy Rooney issues grovelling apology after being pictured 's***-faced' as he and pal gatecrashed wedding… Football COBBLES CRUTCH CHAOS Viewers spot Coronation Street howler as Anna Windass gets her crutches in a twist TV & Showbiz murder on the dancefloor Strictly pair Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice hate each other and haven't spoken since exit TV & Showbiz DIRTY HANDS! EastEnders fans left DISGUSTED after Sharon Mitchell uses same gloves to clean toilet AND touch cereal TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Companies Google takes aim at rivals with ‘smart’ messaging app Google takes aim at rivals with ‘smart’ messaging app Google took aim today at the red-hot mobile messaging market, with a new artificial intelligence-powered Allo app that seeks to compete with popular rivals such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. By: AFP | Washington | Published: September 22, 2016 1:07 AM Google took aim today at the red-hot mobile messaging market, with a new artificial intelligence-powered Allo app that seeks to compete with popular rivals such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. (Reuters) Google took aim today at the red-hot mobile messaging market, with a new artificial intelligence-powered Allo app that seeks to compete with popular rivals such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. But the app’s reliance on Google’s predictive software drew immediate criticism from privacy advocates who argued it could open up user data to law enforcement — with former US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden warning people not to use it. Google defended its privacy stand, saying users can opt for a more secure “incognito” mode if they prefer. The app includes Google Assistant, an artificial intelligence program which makes live suggestions as you chat. “You no longer need to leave a conversation with friends just to grab an address, share your favorite YouTube video, or pick a dinner spot,” Google said in a blog post. Related Google Pixel smartphone has the smartest Assistant ever; Here's why you should be worried Allo! Allo! Google launches 'Allo' messaging app Google launches AI-centric messaging app, Google Allo “Google Allo can help you make plans, find information, and express yourself more easily in chat. And the more you use it, the more it improves over time,” Google said. The app will adjust according to whether its user’s style is usually an emoji or written response, for example. Like rival apps, it has tools for personalizing chat messages including changing the size of emojis and a choice of stickers. Allo was unveiled by Google in May at the same time as Google Duo, an app for video calls, which hit the market last month. The app is available on smartphones using Google’s Android system and Apple’s iOS. Google faces a challenge in carving a place in a sector dominated by popular apps such as WhatsApp, which Facebook acquired for some USD 20 billion in 2014 and which counts more than a billion users. In July, Facebook said that users of its own Messenger application had also passed the one billion mark. Apple has also moved to catch up with rivals, upgrading the messaging app in its latest iOS 10 launched last week. Google and its earlier messaging app Hangouts had failed to keep pace in a market that also includes Snapchat, Skype and global rivals such as WeChat, Viber, Line, Kik and Telegram. Conversations in Allo will be encrypted, according to Google. And additional privacy will be offered with an “incognito” option in which messages will disappear after a fixed period. But some analysts expressed disappointment that Google did not go further in agreeing not to store messages on its servers, where they can be accessed by authorities. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Tata-Mistry feud: Key board meets of 2 Tata group companies tomorrow Bob Dylan can't make it to Nobel ceremony: Swedish Academy India to host T20 Cricket World Cup for the Blind After Donald Trump victory, Barack Obama and Angela Merkel stress benefits of EU-US trade deal UIDAI cautions citizens against misuse of Aadhaar Flipkart resumes cash-on-delivery service but will not accept banned notes Demonetisation row: Congress leader compares Narendra Modi with Adolf Hitler, sparks outrage Tips on protecting devices from hackers Oklahoma City shooting: Police say gunman at Will Rogers World Airport was ex-employee Ramayana fame 'Vibhishan' Mukesh Rawal dies in train accident Pakistan military conducts exercise close to Indian border  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
Newsletter Signup WebProNews Navigation Categories Advertising Business Developer eCommerce Search Social Media Tech All Search Categories Advertising Business Developer eCommerce Search Social Media Tech All Search Google Launches 'Get Trips' Mobile App WebProNews09.21.2016Technology Share this Post Google has created a comprehensive new travel app, Get Trips, available for both Android & iOS mobile devices, that push it further into the travel industry. The new travel app, targeted toward sight seeing consumers, is both a trip planner and coordinator, giving you helpful suggestions on things to see nearby a destination as well as keeping your reservation info in one convenient place. Just Be Happy Google pointed out a study that concluded 74% of travellers are most stressed with the logistics of travel. "Most of the happiness gleaned from vacation is dependent upon the stress level of the vacation," said Shawn Achor, CEO of GoodThink which conducted the study and author of the book Before Happiness. "Poorly planned and stressful vacations eliminate the positive benefit of time away. The less the stress, the more likely you will experience a positive benefit from the time off. A positive, well-managed vacation can make you happier and less stressed, and you can return with more energy at work and with more meaning in your life." Personalized Tour Guide in Your Pocket "Knowing what to do when your holiday starts can turn what’s supposed to be fun into a lot of work," said Stefan Frank, Product Manager for Google Trips in a blog post. "You might get recommendations from friends, travel guides, or online reviews — but figuring out how to squeeze everything you want to do into a finite window of time can be stressful, especially when you’re in a new place, often with limited access to the web." Google Trips according to Google is a "personalized tour guide in your pocket" with each trip organized by day plans, reservations, things to do, food and drink, and much more. Google says that all of the apps features work offline too, which is incredibly helpful to those traveling without the benefit of expensive phone connections and inconsistent wifi. You can create the trip entirely in advance and simply download it to your phone. Planning a Day is Easy Google Trips includes day plans for the top 200 cities in the world and features the most popular itineraries, automatically generated from data Google has gathered from other travellers. It may sound creepy, but Google knows where just about everybody is at all times and keep a record of it, just in case it decides to build an app like this one. Don't forget, you agreed to it when you added any Google app to your mobile device. "Say your friends told you that you have to see the Sagrada Familia — and you’re looking for suggestions on things to do around that spot," says the Google Travel team. "Press the “+” button in the day plans tile to jump into a map view containing all the top attractions in your destination. If you’re time constrained, you can specify above the map whether you have just the morning or afternoon, versus a full day. Then simply tap and pin the Sagrada Familia to build your itinerary around it. Google Trips automatically fills in the day for you." It Keeps Your Info Too Google Trips ensures that you don't have to scramble or have an internet connection when you have to find your reservations for planes, trains, automobile or hotels. This eliminates the panic we know that many of you feel when you just can't connect, the data is hard coded into your phone! Tags:Android, Apps, Google, iOS, mobile, travel WebProNews WebProNews | Breaking eBusiness News Your source for investigative ebusiness reporting and breaking news. Google+ Post navigation Previous: Previous post: Google+ Upgrades to a core Google Apps for Work Service Next: Next post: 500,000 Businesses Now Advertising on Instagram Signup for the Newsletter *  Your Email Address: Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (20) October 2016  (26) September 2016  (22) August 2016  (27) July 2016  (24) June 2016  (52) May 2016  (45) April 2016  (133) March 2016  (639) February 2016  (684) January 2016  (726) December 2015  (695) November 2015  (788) October 2015  (876) September 2015  (712) August 2015  (741) July 2015  (950) June 2015  (764) May 2015  (805) April 2015  (955) March 2015  (909) February 2015  (687) January 2015  (760) December 2014  (1006) November 2014  (1420) October 2014  (1295) September 2014  (1347) August 2014  (1300) July 2014  (1317) June 2014  (1209) May 2014  (1395) April 2014  (2056) March 2014  (2421) February 2014  (2026) January 2014  (2393) December 2013  (2036) November 2013  (1893) October 2013  (2209) September 2013  (1914) August 2013  (1446) July 2013  (1411) June 2013  (1237) May 2013  (1293) April 2013  (1005) March 2013  (818) February 2013  (1112) January 2013  (1180) December 2012  (883) November 2012  (1076) October 2012  (1214) September 2012  (1075) August 2012  (1151) July 2012  (1181) June 2012  (2093) May 2012  (2196) April 2012  (2210) March 2012  (2519) February 2012  (1547) January 2012  (1293) December 2011  (723) November 2011  (440) October 2011  (456) September 2011  (459) August 2011  (478) July 2011  (359) June 2011  (415) May 2011  (383) April 2011  (448) March 2011  (525) February 2011  (429) January 2011  (403) December 2010  (315) November 2010  (257) October 2010  (271) September 2010  (377) August 2010  (454) July 2010  (383) June 2010  (410) May 2010  (333) April 2010  (298) March 2010  (291) February 2010  (304) January 2010  (349) CategoriesCategories Select Category Advertising  (807) Business  (8,924) Developer  (1,172) eCommerce  (397) Featured  (56) Finance  (1) Gaming  (3,782) Life  (37,422) Lifestyle  (22) News  (20) Newsletter Sites  (2) Politics  (495) Science  (1,418) Search  (5,254) Social Media  (6,966) Technology  (10,488) Recent News Facebook Creates Inbox for Businesses to Manage Facebook, Messenger and Instagram Progressive Tech Companies Want Trump to Protect Sharing Economy From Dem Attacks Google's DoubleClick Bringing Video to Native Ads Cisco: It's Increasingly Easy to Imagine a Time When Every Device is Connected to the Internet of Things About Us Contact Us Advertising © 2016 iEntry Network All Rights Reserved Type and Press “enter” to Search
Gridiron Glory Student Media About WOUB Listen Learn News Sports Culture Perspectives WOUB Now Support Gridiron Glory Student Media About WOUB Listen Learn News Sports Culture Perspectives WOUB Now Support Perspectives PBS: NOVA How AltSchool Is Personalizing Education By Collecting Loads of Data on Its Students By: Randy Rieland Posted on: Wednesday, September 21, 2016 < < Back to Max Ventilla is a great believer in using technology and data to zero in on what attracts and motivates people, and in identifying their comfort zones. That, after all, was the essence of his previous job as a Google executive in charge of personalization. His group developed user profiles based on a person’s behavior on different Google properties, from Gmail to YouTube, and used that to customize search results. So it probably shouldn’t come as a surprise that when he and his wife were looking at pre-schools for their daughter, he started to think in a similar way about how kids learn. “The world in which my daughter is growing up is really different from the world I grew up in. And it seems like schools should be different, since their purpose is to prepare kids for the future, not the past,” he says.  Why, he wondered, do schools continue to treat students as if they all liked the same thing and learned the same way? Little learning labs It was a simple, yet confounding question, one that ultimately led to the launch of AltSchool, a business that has, since 2013, opened eight private schools in California and New York. All are small operations—the largest, which opened in San Francisco last month, has about 75 students. There are no formal grade levels; instead students are divided into three broadly-defined groups—foundational elementary, upper elementary and middle school. So far, none of the 450 kids attending the schools has been older than 14. But in response to Ventilla’s concern about what he saw as a cookie cutter approach to education, AltSchool classrooms are designed as little learning labs. Each student works with a highly individualized “playlist,” a personalized lesson plan based not just on his or her interests, but also how and under what conditions he or she is most motivated to learn. Does working in a group bring out their best, for example? Or, maybe they’re more productive when they engage with just one partner, or work alone? And, true to Ventilla’s Silicon Valley roots, the AltSchool experience is built on a heavy base of technology. Not technology as defined by kids looking at screens, but rather as a way to gather meaningful data about how kids learn, and to help teachers track students’ progress more quantitatively, and on a daily basis. Everything that happens in an AltSchool classroom, for instance, is recorded by custom-built cameras and microphones, with the purpose of allowing teachers to go back and try to identify when and why a student made strides in a particular subject. This innovative take on education is featured in a NOVA special, “School of the Future,” about some of the science and solutions that could redesign American education. Viewers can stream the full, two-hour special. Ventilla talks about educators becoming “data-driven detectives,” and the collaboration of AltSchool teachers with the company’s engineers epitomizes that shifting role—the company has almost as many of the latter as the former. The goal is to develop a feedback loop that fosters constant tweaking. On one hand, the developers are charged with coming up with tech methods that simplify or reduce teacher tasks that don’t have much to do with teaching. On the other, they’re tapping into the teachers’ experience in evaluating student performance and identifying progress, and using that knowledge to create the kind of metrics that can be passed on. That, says Ventilla, is how knowledge gained from an AltSchool classroom could be used to help a similar type of student in a similar situation, but in a different school. Building a network The goal of sharing what it learns about learning with outside schools is very much a focus of AltSchool right now. While it plans to open two more of its own schools next fall—another one in Manhattan and the first in Chicago—more of the emphasis will shift to developing a network of partner schools. Last spring, at the SXSW Conference in Austin, Texas, AltSchool kicked off what it calls Phase 2 of its business plan when Ventilla announced the launch of AltSchool Open. The first step was to solicit potential partners—other private schools that were interested in adopting the AltSchool model and licensing its software. Almost 200 schools responded, according to AltSchool Chief Operating Officer Coddy Johnson, and over the past six months, that list has been winnowed down to a handful. A final selection of its first partners is expected in the next few weeks. Most likely, they will be other small private schools that place high priority on empowering students through more personalized learning. To start with, says Johnson, it might be just one partner school. “We’re taking a long view,” Johnson explains. “We believe this is a decade-long process to get right. And the thing we worry about early on is that if we prioritize scale over quality and learning, we will have to go back and fix a bunch of things.” Each student works with a highly individualized “playlist,” a personalized lesson plan based not just on his or her interests, but also how and under what conditions he or she is most motivated to learn.(AltSchool) AltSchool partners, he says, will gain access to the company’s proprietary software enabling them to develop a “portrait” of each student as a learner, both academically and emotionally, and also create “playlists” for every kid, based on his or her portrait. This would include curriculum, activities and projects that, based on data analysis, would likely help that particular student learn better and grow. AltSchool would also provide training to teachers at partner schools, ensuring that they use the software tools effectively and working with them to personalize the learning process. Plus, it would share reports on its own best practices on everything from truly effective study projects to the logistics of student pickups and drop-offs. “We don’t want them to feel like they’re standing alone in tackling problems,” says Johnson. “We know they’re dealing with the same challenges we’ve faced in personalizing education, but they haven’t had the benefit of a bunch of venture capital to build the program right.” Planning for the future Johnson is referring to the hefty dose of funding—an estimated $133 million in venture capital and venture debt—that AltSchool has received from some of Silicon Valley’s big name investors, including Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg. That’s based on the company’s long-term strategy of one day being able to license its software and data analysis of individualized learning to public school systems. That’s still a ways off, at least five to seven years, estimates Johnson. The idea is to first build out a network slowly.  “We’ll start with schools that look like ours,” he says, “but want to expand the frontier each year, from more progressive charter schools to more progressive public schools to more traditional schools.” Initially, the focus will be on refining the AltSchool model so that it zeroes in how to make personalized education most effective for all kinds of students. But eventually, as the partner network grows, the data gathered from outside schools—anonymized to protect the identities of students—will be added to the mix. And that, suggests Johnson, would continue to increase the quality and breadth of what’s known about learning. “We hope that approach can be increasingly embraced by school systems and by doing that, you advance education to a place where every student you add makes the system better,” he says. For his part, Ventilla, the company’s founder and CEO, believes AltSchool’s emphasis on “social and emotional learning” is better suited for the workplace of the future, one in which both collaboration and being entrepreneurial will likely be much valued. And, he says, it’s important for children to be educated in a dynamic environment, where change is a constant. “We’re creating an environment that accustoms kids to what it’s like to operate with a lifelong growth mindset. And what it’s like to be around people working in a 21st century manner,” Ventilla says. “When you’re talking about kids under the age of 10, they learn primarily through osmosis. They don’t learn by being told. They learn by seeing what’s around them.” Randy Rieland’s Innovations column appears on Smithsonian.com. Republished with permission. For archives, visit the Smithsonian web site. Related posts: Academy Offers Students Online Public School Option Education Group Helps Students In Our Area Ohio Releases School Report Card Data for 2014-2015 Year Teachers Say New Education Standards Challenge Students Home News Sports Culture Perspectives WOUB Now About WOUB Support Listen Learn PBS NPR WOUB-TV FCC Files WOUC-TV FCC Files Closed Caption Info Community Calendar   
null
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 21 GOOG: 776.22 4.81 Google is flexing its marketing muscle ahead of the Pixel phones’ October 4 launch [Gallery] Edoardo Maggio - 2 months ago @northead Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Most people know Google for its software prowess and the multiple services literally billions of people use every single day, but seeing Google-branded products is still a bit weird. The company knows that, and given its commitment to hardware, it’s no wonder why it’s trying to change your mind about its status as a legit competitor in that realm. And how exactly is it doing it? Well, for a start, it is pouring serious money in advertising… teasing a product’s launch. Exactly; Google isn’t pushing any specific product — yet —, it’s simply letting everyone know that there’s something on the horizon, and that it’s going to be “Made by Google”. We first saw a confirmation of its upcoming hardware event a couple of days ago, when the Mountain View firm unveiled a dedicated website alongside a teaser video showing its iconic search box morphing into what seems to be the outline of a smartphone. And now, that same image is being enlarged to building wall-sized billboards (almost Samsung-like) across the globe, particularly in New York City. Now; Google has pushed its hardware via advertising before — particularly last year’s 6P and 5X Nexus devices — but they never got even remotely close to this aggressive. Hell, in NYC there even is a full blown statue replicating the Oct. 4 – smartphone – “G” logo layout, with a big #MadeByGoogle “real life” hashtag. We’re legitimately entering Samsung/Apple territory here, and we expect the advertising to be pushed even further once the Pixel and Pixel XL (and all the rest of the gear) are announced. If anything, this is further indication that the company is going all-in on its hardware efforts, which will likely extend far beyond the two Pixel smartphones. Rick Osterloh may have become the firm’s hardware supervisor just a few months ago, but Google has everything but rested on its laurels. Here’s to hoping that the results won’t disappoint. Guides Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content American City &amp; County Search: Subscribe Newsletters Auctions Research Cost Index Contact Advertise RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Products Buildings & Facilities Federal Fleets Green Grounds Maintenance & Landscaping Parks & Recreation Public Safety Public Works Technology Equipment Prices Products at Work Procurement eProcurement Green Purchasing Coop Solutions Cooperative Purchasing Procurement Professionalism Procurement Reform Strategic Sourcing Fiscal Management Proposals & Bids Negotiating Contracts Technology 311 Broadband CRM Systems Cloud Computing GIS & GPS Mobile Records Management Public Works Facilities Fleets Parks & Recreation Public Transit Roadways Waste Administration Economic Development Environment Finance Health & Welfare Housing Human Resources Privatization & Outsourcing Purchasing & Procurement Public Safety Communications Courts Emergency Management Fire Government Security Law Enforcement Water Infrastructure Operations & Management Stormwater Supply Treatment Wastewater Resources Intelligence Shop Municipal Cost Index Awards Calendar Careers Case Studies Classified Ads New Laws Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Webinars Weekly Snapshot White Papers Smart Cities Used Equipment Prices Magazine AC&C Issues GovPro Issues AC&C Digital Edition GPN Digital Edition GovPro Digital Edition Bonus Content Reprints & Reuse Subscribe to AC&C Manage AC&C Subscription Subscribe to GPN Manage GPN Subscription Subscribe to GoPro Manage GoPro Subscription Advertise About Us Contact Us Smart Cities Advertisement Home > Smart Cities > Many cities support autonomous vehicles, but some want to limit them Many cities support autonomous vehicles, but some want to limit them Sep 21, 2016 Jason Axelrod | American City and County EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin shows U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry the interior of a Goggle autonomous vehicle in Palo Alto, Calif. Image via Wikimedia Commons. Advertisement While many cities support the burgeoning autonomous vehicles market and are letting companies test drive them within their limits, others are trying to pass legislation to limit use of the technology.  The federal government released an exhaustive set of guidelines last Tuesday to help regulate autonomous vehicle usage, USA Today reports. The 112-page guide includes a 15-point safety assessment that mandates companies to submit technological details to federal officials before implementation.  Autonomous car advocates are hailing the new guidelines as supportive of the industry and public involvement. "Today’s guidance is a great step to bridge the gaps, begin educating all constituents and get out in front of the autonomous vehicle trend,” Sharon Klein, chair of the privacy, security and data protection practice at Silicon Valley law firm Pepper Hamilton, told USA Today. Already, cities have begun allowing autonomous to be tested on their roads. Google has already been test driving its cars on the streets of the Phoenix metropolitan area, Kirkland, Wash., Austin, Texas, and Mountain View, Calif, according to the company’s website. In August, Ride-hailing company Uber announced that it would begin testing driverless cars in Pittsburgh, The New York Times reports. While the vehilces pilot themselves, they will still have a person behind the wheel to monitor for the time being. Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto said the city’s approach to Uber’s desire to test out driverless cars was largely a hands-off approach. “It’s not our role to throw up regulations or limit companies like Uber,” Peduto told the Times. “You can either put up red tape or roll out the red carpet. If you want to be a 21st-century laboratory for technology, you put out the carpet.” On Sept. 15, Boston announced that it had partnered with the World Economic Forum and the Boston Consulting Group to conduct a yearlong test of autonomous vehicles in the city, the Boston Globe reports. Unlike Pittsburgh, the city is taking a more central role in the initiative’s planning.  “We’re going to spend the next year working through a couple different scenarios of how self-driving vehicles could impact the urban environment," Kris Carter, co-chair of Boston’s Office of New Urban Mechanics, told local Boston radio station WBUR. Many of the details — such as the number of vehicles tested, potential costs of the initiative and the technology companies the city is working with — haven’t been announced yet, the Globe reports. But Carter said the initiative could help the city with its traffic problems and to get a head start on mastering the new developments in transportation technology. “What better way to start than by doing it now, so that 10, 15 years from now, we’re in a space where we have fewer crashes on our streets and more space for pedestrians, bicycles, and transit, and we’ve lowered our greenhouse gas emissions?” he told the Globe. While it hasn’t signed on to test out autonomous vehicles yet, Columbus, Ohio is in the nascent stages of doing so. In June, the city won the U.S. Department of Transportation’s Smart Cities Challenge and was awarded $50 million, according to TechCrunch. Part of its plans for using the funds include experimenting with autonomous vehicles. But not all public officials want vehicles to be completely autonomous in their areas.  California has legislation in place that places barriers on the amount of autonomy such vehicles can exercise, according to the Orange County Register. Part of its rules dictate that a driver must sit in the driver’s seat of an autonomous vehicle such that a human can take control of the vehicle if need be. Liability insurance policy minimums are much higher for autonomous vehicles than purely human-operated vehicles, and autonomous vehicles are banned for commercial use in the state. While the state was supposed to have submitted an updated draft of autonomous vehicle rules by the end of 2015, as of early September 2016, it hadn’t done so yet, the Register reports. Taking limitations a step further, two aldermen in Chicago have introduced a bill that would outright ban driverless cars in the city, the Chicago Business Journal reports.  The ordinance, drafted by Aldermen Ed Burke and Anthony Beale, would the operation of self-driving cars in the city. Violators of the ordinance would be fined $500 for each offense, according to a news release from Alderman Burke’s office. The two aldermen had previously sponsored a failed measure that would’ve prohibited rideshare companies like Uber and Lyft from operating in the city, according to the CBJ. "We do not want the streets of Chicago to be used as an experiment that will no doubt come with its share of risks, especially for pedestrians," Burke said in the news release. "No technology is 100 percent safe." _____________ To get connected and stay up-to-date with similar content from American City & County: Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Autonomous vehicles: Cities must prepare for new mobility Cutting kilowatts On the most-wanted list Public transit travelers want technological advancements, social media communication Meet the autonomous bus that could get people out of their cars Get the latest information on government trends, policies, best practices and case studies. Subscribe Now Advertisement New on AC&C Trump’s election sparks national outrage, official response varied Who should pay for microgrids? Why some utilities say “everyone” Taking smart cities beyond city hall Five jurisdictions pass soda taxes Keating Report: mid-year 2016 forecast on government budgets and spending—Part 4 Get more headlines Advertisement Commentaries and Blogs Who should pay for microgrids? Why some utilities say “everyone” Posted 3 hours ago in Viewpoints Taking smart cities beyond city hall Posted 19 hours ago in Viewpoints Hard data and warm hearts: A formula for ending homelessness Posted 5 days ago in Viewpoints Popular Articles Water crisis Cities mean (small) business The buying game Baltimore considers curfew Getting an eyeful Most Commented Voters approve cutting public employee benefits 30 Viewpoint: Creating a great landfill legacy 25 Voter ID laws could block millions of voters 23 Got guns? 19 Los Angeles moves to cut employee pensions 16 Report: What are the fattest states? 15 Climate change could submerge costal cities 11 Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement AmericanCityandCounty.com Administration Public Safety Public Works Sustainability Technology Water Site Features Multimedia Library Newsletters Auctions Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site About AC&C About Us Contact Advertise Terms of Service Privacy Policy E-mail Webmaster Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search AmericanCityandCounty.com Search: Penton Media Related Penton Websites Government Product News Government Procurement IWCE's Urgent Communications IWCE Equipment Watch Govalytics Price Digests Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google is teasing the October 4th announcement in creative ways +6,020 Ashley King Sep 21st, 2016 We’ve seen plenty of renders of the leaked Pixel devices. We’ve even gotten an unintentional preview from Nest, a Google-owned company. Now Google is doing a bit of teasing themselves, as spotted by a redditor in New York City. The huge advertisement was placed in the Brooklyn Bridge State Park and features the outline of a phone, a white g, and the date October 4th. In another shot taken of the giant advertisement, you can see the hashtag #MadeByGoogle in the bottom left. What’s interesting to me is that the advertisement doesn’t contain any reference to the Pixel or the Pixel XL, leaving us to wonder if Google will indeed be debuting phones that are outside of its normal Nexus line-up. The rumor mill surrounding this announcement has been pretty fierce, with the latest rumors suggesting that the Pixel will be a Verizon-carrier exclusive and could retail for as much as $650, putting it firmly in iPhone competitor territory. Will it also have a removed headphone jack? We’ll have to wait until October 4th to find out. local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (10) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon and Google are admitting that Microsoft may be right about one thing Matt Weinberger Sep. 21, 2016, 4:01 PM 77,649 facebook linkedin twitter email print Amazon Web Services CEO Andy JassyAmazon The Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform may still be a distant second-place contender to Amazon's $10 billion Amazon Web Services juggernaut, but Microsoft has one edge: It can sell to its existing base of large enterprise customers.  The key is Microsoft's Windows Server business, which lets those customers take their existing data center investments and easily bridge them to Azure — where they can get access to functionally unlimited supercomputing power just by punching in their credit card number. Now, Amazon and the third-place Google Cloud Platform are working on their own software for companies' data centers, reports The Information's Kevin McLaughlin, in a bid to win more of those big enterprise deals for themselves.  This is the exact opposite of the public cloud model that made Amazon and Google's businesses. It acknowledges that not all customers want to move everything into the cloud. Some customers, because of regulatory and data governance concerns, simply can't allow certain information and processes to live outside their own data centers. For Google, this isn't such a huge shock: Back in July 2015, Google joined up with OpenStack, an initiative to build a free and open source alternative to Amazon Web Services, optimized to run in the data center. Since then, Google has collaborated with OpenStack startup Mirantis to improve the technology. And new Google cloud boss Diane Greene has made it clear that the company will do whatever it takes to be competitive. Google cloud boss Diane GreeneGoogle But for Amazon, this is kind of a big deal. As recently as 2015, Amazon CTO Werner Vogels says that the company sees the so-called "hybrid cloud" — the industry term for the model where some customer data resides in the data center, and some on big "public cloud" platforms like Amazon — as a mere stopgap trend as companies increasingly outsource their entire IT infrastructure to AWS. And while Amazon Web Services offers some hybrid cloud-enabling products, like the AWS Storage Gateway, they've historically mostly focused on making it easier to move data into the Amazon cloud — rather than software that helps you manage it yourself.  If Amazon itself is tasking engineers with building out on-premises software, it means that it's starting to take that market seriously. It's no surprise, with Microsoft rapidly building out both its technology and its sales strategy to try to close its revenue gap with Amazon Web Services. Microsoft Executive VP of Cloud & Enterprise Scott GuthrieMicrosoft Meanwhile, Microsoft is working on accelerating its own hybrid cloud strategy with the 2017 launch of Azure Stack, which lets customers install a virtual carbon copy of the Microsoft Azure cloud to certain pre-certified servers, further simplifying the integration between the two. Google and Amazon did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: This is how Oracle lured top-flight programmers away from Amazon and Microsoft to build its next big thing NOW WATCH: Google is trying to kill one of the most annoying things about the internet Loading video... More: Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Platform Microsoft Azure Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon and Google are admitting that Microsoft may be right about one thing Amazon and Google are admitting that Microsoft may be right about one thing The Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
nature.com Sitemap Register Login Nature International weekly journal of science Search Go Advanced search Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors Archive Volume 537 Issue 7622 News Article Nature | News Sharing Translations عربي Facebook couple commits $3 billion to cure disease Chan Zuckerberg Initiative aims to have major impact by 2100. Erika Check Hayden 21 September 2016 Article tools PDF Rights & Permissions Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images Priscilla Chan and her husband, Mark Zuckerberg, created their namesake charity organization last year. They are not the first billionaires to try to disrupt science. But Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, physician and educator Priscilla Chan, have enlisted a ‘dream team’ of scientific leaders to oversee a US$3-billion effort to boost basic research. “We see this work as being led and done by scientists,” Chan told Nature before the couple unveiled the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative's plans on 21 September. She and her husband created the initiative in December to invest proceeds from their Facebook shares to aid causes such as education, health research and Internet connectivity. Zuckerberg and Chan have set themselves an audacious goal: eliminating, curing or preventing disease by the end of the century. They intend to get there by coaxing teams with diverse expertise to collaborate on developing new tools and technologies — something that scientists say is sorely needed. The $3-billion commitment announced today will cover the project's first ten years. “Building tools requires bringing scientists and engineers together in large numbers for large periods of time, and that’s not something most science funding is set up to do,” Zuckerberg told Nature. “That emerged to us as a big opening where we could help grow this movement among other scientific funders.” Filling the gaps The initiative's approach stands in stark contrast to some other Silicon Valley-led efforts to revamp science. Take Google's parent company, Alphabet, which has closely guarded its biomedical-research enterprises — including its life sciences company Verily, and its anti-aging research company Calico, whose creation prompted TIME magazine to ask, “Can Google solve death?”. Chan and Zuckerberg “have set out a goal that makes you gulp, and then they’ve said, what are the missing pieces we need to get there?” says Eric Lander, president of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and one of dozens of scientists whom the couple have quietly consulted over the past year. “I am sure it will provoke people to think, can we actually do that?” The pair’s plans involve a who’s who of researchers. Neurobiologist Cornelia (Cori) Bargmann, an architect of the US National Institutes of Health's (NIH) contributions to the US government BRAIN Initiative, will become president of science for the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. The couple have also consulted a host of other biology notables, including Francis Collins, the director of the NIH, and Arthur Levinson, chief executive of Google’s Calico and former chief executive of Genentech. Princeton University president emeritus Shirley Tilghman and Nobel laureate Harold Varmus are on the project’s scientific advisory board. Bargmann says that the organization intends to set up “challenge networks” of interdisciplinary researchers from different institutions. The scientists will commit to work on problems such as neurodegeneration, which could require contributions from basic biologists, clinicians and engineers. The initiative has also created the San Francisco-based Chan Zuckerberg Biohub, a US$600-million, 10-year partnership with Stanford University in California, the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), and the University of California, Berkeley. UCSF biochemist Joseph DeRisi and Stanford bioengineer Stephen Quake are leading the effort. The biohub will first focus on creating a human-cell atlas that will use technologies such as single-cell genetic sequencing and gene editing to examine cells in minute detail, and developing new ways to detect, respond to, treat and prevent infectious disease. Knowledge sharing Bargmann hopes to draw on the project’s Silicon Valley roots to address issues such as the dearth of scalable tools that can be widely used across fields. “In my lab, everyone now writes code; that’s a bit like everyone making their own soap,” Bargmann says. “We should be finding ways of doing this that are general and powerful, that allow us to interact and share our knowledge.”   Silicon Valley companies have drawn heavily on some areas of scientific expertise — luring away talent in fields such as machine learning. Google’s Verily has also recruited top-flight biomedical researchers to work on ideas such as the Baseline Study, a longitudinal health project that has been running in a pilot phase since 2014. But the company has not published any data from that project, and scientists at Verily have said little publicly about their work there. DeRisi says that, by contrast, the biohub will disseminate data as broadly and as rapidly as possible. The initiative also hopes to avoid some of the administrative hurdles that hamper scientists’ productivity. Applications for individual investigator awards, for instance, will be simplified compared with NIH applications, and some individual investigator awards will be reserved for non-tenured scientists, so that the researchers aren’t competing with their more senior colleagues. The biohub will also create some lab-leader positions for researchers who don't want to teach or write grants. Lander predicts that such moves will be especially welcomed by young scientists, who, he says, are clamouring to work more collaboratively. “Younger scientists are tremendously excited to figure out how to work together, but there haven’t been that many vehicles to support these kinds of approaches.” Journal name: Nature Volume: 537, Pages: 595 Date published: (29 September 2016) DOI: doi:10.1038/nature.2016.20649 Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Weibo Wechat Related stories and links From nature.com Why biomedical superstars are signing on with Google 21 October 2015 Neuroscience: As the worm turns 20 February 2013 Author information Author details Erika Check Hayden Before joining Nature's staff in 2001, Erika worked for Newsweek magazine, reporting on science, health and news events, including the 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks in New York. She now writes on a variety of subjects in biomedical research and related policy, including controversial areas suc… Read more Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar For the best commenting experience, please login or register as a user and agree to our Community Guidelines. You will be re-directed back to this page where you will see comments updating in real-time and have the ability to recommend comments to other users. Comments 9 comments Subscribe to comments Robert Dingwall • 2016-09-30 10:56 AM Rather tragic misunderstandings of what constitutes disease and how evolution works. See http://www.socialsciencespace.com/2016/09/chan-zuckerberg-cannot-cure-diseases/ Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Jean SmilingCoyote • 2016-09-30 01:52 AM When I first heard about this, it was on commercial radio, and the only part of the goal mentioned was "eliminate disease." I laughed out loud. Now I see additional words, and I'm not sure exactly which are original. I've seen "cure", "prevent" and "manage" also. I can't laugh at these, but we're already doing a lot of them. Is the goal then "more of and better"? "Eliminate" disease - highly unlikely. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Igor Litvinyuk • 2016-09-29 05:41 AM Mark Zuckerberg's net worth is over $55 billion. Would it not be better if the society did not let him accumulate such obscene amount of wealth and instead spent all that money on the same goal? Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Guido Fishbine • 2016-09-25 03:32 PM Billionaires or ? - are there any that dedicate resources to prevent the continuing dissemination of toxins that damage life and cause disease, degradation of our home planet etc etc? How about all you billionaires get together and lobby some goons to clean up our home. That's the usual explanation of how it gets screwed up. If these beings are human, why do they not worry about their own progeny or the future of the human race? Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Stuart Hurlbert • 2016-09-22 08:19 PM How appropriate that this article begins by saying, “They are not the first billionaires to try to disrupt science.” Among many environmental scientists focused on the connections between population growth, population policies and environmental decline, Zuckerberg and some of his fellow billionaires (e.g. George Soros) are notorious not so much “disrupting” science as for suppressing science. Most infamous his is organization FWD.us which is dedicated to promoting large increases in the US population size via mass amnesties, increased H1-B visas for “temporary” guestworkers, and increased quotas for legal immigration. This is/has been the Hillary Clinton-Jeb Bush agenda on the topic. Zuckerberg personally and the other FWD.us principals and gofers have attempted to suppress information on and rational discussion of such matters by engaging in smear tactics. These are intended to paint individuals and organizations advocating population stabilization as racists, xenophobes, etc. who want to “sterilize” people. I reported on this a few years ago. See: “Exploiting My Peruvian Friend,” at http://www.thesocialcontract.com/artman2/publish/tsc_24_4/tsc_24_4_hurlbert.shtml . This expression of self-interested, holier-than-thou, Silicon Valley narcissism surprises no one who has observed that subculture for any period of time. In considering balance in further stories about Zuckerberg, editors of Nature should be aware that the m.o. of FWD.us is completely inconsistent with one of the guidelines for this chat space, viz. “You must not make or encourage comments which are defamatory, false or misleading.” Of greater import and less well known to both the general public and the scientific community, is how the largest US scientific organization, the AAAS, has long been suppressing discussion of US population policies. For the most recent documentation of this, see “AAAS WIELDS THE CENSOR'S HAMMER ON U.S. POPULATION ISSUES,” at http://www.capsweb.org/blog/aaas-wields-censors-hammer-us-population-issues . Zuckerberg and Soros indeed have powerful allies hiding from public view. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Michael Lerman • 2016-09-22 06:02 PM Cancer cells cannot exist without trans-membrane carbonic anhydrases, which regulate pH inside and around the cancer cells. For that reason inhibitors of CA9, CA12, and CA14 inhibit and prevent cancer growth. Luckily, late professor Thomas Marren, developed soluble preparation of sulfonamide/dorzolamide to treat and control glaucoma. I discovered that these inhibitors totally suppress these enzymes and inhibit cancer cell growth. Daily intake of this drug (1-2 drops in the eye or nose) is safe and would prevent cancer. This is effective, not expensive and already approved by the FDA for topical application in the eye to treat and manage glaucoma. Michael Lerman, Ph.D., M.D. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Luca Vangelista • 2016-09-22 04:49 AM "They are not the first billionaires to try to disrupt science." ??? Ironic start for the description of a philanthropic initiative ... how about mending the misprint? Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Jean SmilingCoyote • 2016-09-30 01:48 AM It may not be a misprint. The writer might have meant "disrupt science as it is usually done today." English writing tends to condense a lot and leave many words in a sentence or phrase left out and "understood" by readers fluent in English. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment Luca Vangelista • 2016-09-30 06:16 AM Thank you for the elucidation. I might not be that fluent in English, yet I kind of understood that - in the case that was not a misprint - the meaning was something like what you wrote, and still found the sentence rather ironic ... comments following mine seem to confirm my feeling, including yours, which I totally share. Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share link to this comment See other News & Comment articles from Nature The mathematics of science's broken reward system Public health: Gore and glory History: Untangling Alice Books in brief Joseph L. Birman (1927–2016) Werner Herzog gets geological Carbon dioxide emissions still stable, bird flu in Europe and LIGO restarts How much longer can Antarctica’s hostile ocean delay global warming? European diseases left their mark on First Nations' DNA Show home for the Red Planet CRISPR gene-editing tested in a person for the first time The flip side of personal genomics: When a mutation doesn't spell disease Science and innovation policies for Donald Trump Rwanda feels the pinch as donors slash health aid Disgraced stem-cell entrepreneur under fresh investigation The warp and weft of wearable electronics Carbon is not the enemy US to launch its most advanced weather satellite yet Canada's proposed natural-gas plant stirs more controversy The ultimate experiment: How Trump will handle science Social Media Box - AML E-alert RSS Facebook Twitter Close Follow @naturenews CRISPR in humans CRISPR gene-editing tested in a person for the first time The move by Chinese scientists could spark a biomedical duel between China and the United States. Top Content - Article Page Recent The mathematics of science's broken reward system Nature 16 November 2016 Public health: Gore and glory Nature 16 November 2016 History: Untangling Alice Nature 16 November 2016 Read Majority of mathematicians hail from just 24 scientific ‘families’ Nature 26 Aug 2016 How to raise a genius: lessons from a 45-year study of super-smart children Nature 07 Sep 2016 Earth-sized planet around nearby star is astronomy dream come true Nature 24 Aug 2016 View all Commented Hillary Clinton will make a fine US president Nature 19 Oct 2016 39 comments Donald Trump's US election win stuns scientists Nature 09 Nov 2016 34 comments Young, talented and fed-up: scientists tell their stories Nature 26 Oct 2016 27 comments View all Newsletter The best science news from Nature and beyond, direct to your inbox every day. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> The new world What scientists should focus on — and fear — under Trump Nine experts reflect on where researchers should direct their efforts during the next US administration. Got the giggles Playful rats reveal brain region that drives ticklishness Experiments also reveal that rats are ticklish in similar places to humans The ultimate experiment How Trump will handle science Climate-change and immigration policies raise alarm, but much of the incoming US president's agenda is simply unknown. Intelligent search AI science search engines expand their reach Semantic Scholar triples in size and Microsoft Academic's relaunch impresses researchers. Nature Podcast Listen This week, your brain on cannabis, testing CRISPR in a human, and what it might be like to live on Mars. Science jobs from nature jobs Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) FACULTY POSITION Physics - Atomic, Molecular and Optical physics ; NYU Shanghai NYU SHANGHAI Gastroenterologist Loyola University Chicago Post a Job More Science Jobs Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search Go © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, CrossRef and COUNTER
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Google hyping Pixel smartphones with major advertising By Brandon Russell | September 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google is making it known that a phone announcement is on the horizon. After sending out event invites to press on Monday, Google has made it a point to advertise that it’s preparing to unveil a new mobile device(s), one that is rumored to be part of its Pixel lineup. Soon after the event was confirmed, people reported seeing this ad play during Monday Night Football coverage, and now it looks like Google is putting serious muscle behind advertising the upcoming device’s existence. Take, for example, the statue that mysteriously showed up in New York City (seen in the gallery above). People are also reporting seeing teases for the Oct. 4 event elsewhere around NYC, with a white outline for the phone next to Google’s familiar “G” logo. There’s also a #MadeByGoogle hashtag popping up, ensuring people know that Google is going to be a presence in the hardware business. Many people know Google for its services: Android, Photos, Gmail, Maps, etc. Not many people realize it also dabbles in hardware, too, introducing products such as Chromebook Pixel, Pixel C, and the ill-fated Glass. Now, the search giant is ensuring the public knows it’s about to throw its reputation behind a phone seemingly made by Google from the ground up. We pretty much know what to expect from these new devices—at least from a hardware perspective. We’ll see what else the company has in store on Oct. 4. Source 9to5Google Image Source 9to5Google Topics #Google #Google Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THE SILENT MAJORITY The most cited scientist on Google Scholar isn’t a person Written by Dave Gershgorn September 21, 2016 By: Everyone else. (Scott Barkley/ CC BY 2.0) Share Written by Dave Gershgorn September 21, 2016 Google Scholar is an easy way to scour scientific papers, conference proceedings, and books—but it’s not always accurate. The most cited scientist of all time is “et al.,” according to Google Scholar. That’s the Latin abbreviation used in research to indicate that a group of other scientists contributed to the paper. The phrase is shortened from “et alia,” which literally translates to “and others.” Et al. has 2,415,484 attributed citations in the Google database. Second place? Sigmund Freud, with 451,806 citations, according to Webometrics. The most-cited paper attributed to Et al. is a 1951 biology study on measuring proteins with 195,644 citations of its own. This paper is also the most cited paper of all time according to the journal Nature. However, the Nature ranking (published in 2014) puts the paper’s total number of citation at 305,148. Google’s algorithmic count misses the mark by roughly 105,000 citations, a 35% error. Google Scholar’s error places this study as the second most-cited article on the site, behind, coincidentally or not, another biology paper concerning proteins with 223,131 citations, according to a 2014 document (download link) provided to Nature by Google. Of course, the number of times an article has been cited isn’t necessarily the measure of its value. A 1958 method to estimate survival in populations like patients in medical studies was largely unrecognized until the computing boom made the work easily replicable more than 10 years later. It’s now the most cited statistics paper of all time, showing that knowledge becomes valuable in its own time. A. Author also exists within the world of Google Scholar, but is credited with far less impact—only 3,702 citations. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Google’s Allo app lets you send extra-secure ‘incognito’ messages The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Andrea Peterson September 21 Follow @kansasalps (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP) Google started offering users end-to-end encryption for the first time Wednesday with its new Allo instant-messaging app. The move makes Google the latest company to follow a tech trend that has privacy advocates cheering but some law enforcement officials worried. Conversations in Allo are not automatically protected by that extra secure form of encryption, which allows only those who send and receive messages to unlock them. Rather, users can choose to have “incognito” conversations that feature the security measure — much like a system that Facebook is testing in its Messenger app. Other conversations in Allo are still encrypted between the app and Google's servers, but that means the tech company will be able to access the content of those messages. End-to-end encryption is becoming a standard feature for instant messaging apps. Other programs, including Apple’s iMessage and Facebook-owned WhatsApp, protect messages with end-to-end encryption by default. Some law enforcement officials, most notably FBI Director James B. Comey, have warned that the spread of end-to-end encryption could help criminals and terrorists "go dark" because companies cannot access the content of the encrypted communications even when faced with a warrant. Civil liberties advocates and technology experts, on the other hand, have generally praised the expansion of end-to-end encryption in consumer devices as a step forward for users’ privacy and cybersecurity. Some privacy and civil liberties advocates have criticized Google for its slow progress on the encryption front. “Google is a day late and a dollar short,” said Johns Hopkins professor and cryptography expert Matthew Green. He also criticized Google for backing away from a privacy feature that was expected to be in Allo. When the company unveiled plans for the app, it said logs of users who were not in incognito mode would be de-identified and not permanently stored on its servers. But that’s not the case in the version of the app released Wednesday, which could leave Allo users' intimate chats at risk of being subpoenaed. The reason for the shift, according to the Verge, was to improve virtual assistant features built into the app. But Green sees the move as a sign that Google may be unwilling to depart from a business model built on harvesting user data to underpin its lucrative targeted ads market. “If Google doesn’t see data, they feel that they don’t want to be in that business,” he said. “That’s fine, but customers should be aware that’s how they feel about it.” While Allo is the first Google product with end-to-end encryption baked in, it isn't the first time the company has tried to use the technology in its products. Two years ago, the company announced plans for a browser plug-in that would help Gmail users send and receive encrypted email. The plug-in still hasn’t been released. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government. Follow @kansasalps Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump just dropped a big hint to the pharmaceutical industry 2 With Ivanka’s jewelry ad, Trump companies begin to seek profit off election result 3 The potentially severe consequences of Trump’s deportation plans 4 Donald Trump narrows candidates to lead Treasury and Commerce, major backer says 5 This is pretty awkward for people who criticize Donald Trump’s immigration plans Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 1.1% Get quote Last Update: 4:15 PM 11/15/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Google takes aim at rivals with 'smart' messaging app AFP/PTI | Washington Sep 22, 2016 12:22 AM IST Google took aim today at the red-hot mobile messaging market, with a new artificial intelligence-powered Allo app that seeks to compete with popular rivals such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. But the app's reliance on Google's predictive software drew immediate criticism from privacy advocates who argued it could open up user data to law enforcement – with former US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden warning people not to use it. Google defended its privacy stand, saying users can opt for a more secure "incognito" mode if they prefer. The app includes Google Assistant, an artificial intelligence program which makes live suggestions as you chat. "You no longer need to leave a conversation with friends just to grab an address, share your favorite YouTube video, or pick a dinner spot," Google said in a blog post. "Google Allo can help you make plans, find information, and express yourself more easily in chat. And the more you use it, the more it improves over time," Google said. The app will adjust according to whether its user's style is usually an emoji or written response, for example. Like rival apps, it has tools for personalising chat messages including changing the size of emojis and a choice of stickers. Allo was unveiled by Google in May at the same time as Google Duo, an app for video calls, which hit the market last month. The app is available on smartphones using Google's Android system and Apple's iOS. Google faces a challenge in carving a place in a sector dominated by popular apps such as WhatsApp, which Facebook acquired for some $20 billion in 2014 and which counts more than a billion users. In July, Facebook said that users of its own Messenger application had also passed the one billion mark. Apple has also moved to catch up with rivals, upgrading the messaging app in its latest iOS 10 launched last week. Google and its earlier messaging app Hangouts had failed to keep pace in a market that also includes Snapchat, Skype and global rivals such as WeChat, Viber, Line, Kik and Telegram. Conversations in Allo will be encrypted, according to Google. And additional privacy will be offered with an "incognito" option in which messages will disappear after a fixed period. But some analysts expressed disappointment that Google did not go further in agreeing not to store messages on its servers, where they can be accessed by authorities. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read SBI reportedly writes off bad loans of Rs 7,016 cr; Cong rakes up issue in Parliament Everyone carrying Rs 500, 1000 notes is not black money hoarder: SC to govt Demonetisation: Property sales halve, realty resale market hits a wall UP govt will accept old Rs 500, 1000 notes for land registration till November 24: Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation: Can India go cashless? More From Current Affairs Chhattisgarh Janata Congress members try to gherao Assembly New York mayor tells Trump will 'protect' immigrants Pak claims killing 11 Indian soldiers at LoC Trump agrees to meet with UN chief Conjoined twins from Nigeria separated at Tennessee hospital [ more ] Top Stories Brokerages get a bull market boost Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs Mistry sends legal notice to Tata Global Moody's affirms India's ratings with a positive outlook Chhattisgarh becomes first state to pass resolution in support of demonetisation [ more ] Markets Container Corp: Estimates cut on muted show Sensex, Nifty end flat Brokerages get a bull market boost 'Money pullback good for markets in the long run' Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs [ more ] Companies Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs Nasscom cuts IT growth forecast to 8-10% in FY17 Mistry sends legal notice to Tata Global India start-up fest in London next year Mastercard rolls out interoperable QR code payment solution [ more ] Opinion Container Corp: Estimates cut on muted show Street confident of GAIL sustaining its good show New addition Same difference Monetising the deficit [ more ] Latest News Yuan tumbles, banks cut forecasts Readers' Corner Container Corp: Estimates cut on muted show Global Terrorism Index 2016 Don't touch accident vehicle until inspection [ more ] Today's Paper The new Eastern Question Container Corp: Estimates cut on muted show Street confident of GAIL sustaining its good show Letters: Execution problem Letters: Devil in the detail [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THhrKF Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Reminder: 8 new Google Play app categories are launching next week +6,074 Quentyn Kennemer Sep 21st, 2016 Quick reminder to users and developers alike: Google Play is getting 8 new categories starting September 28th. Developers will be able to classify their apps under these new categories, and users will naturally get to browse them. Here’s what’s coming: Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Dating Events Food & Drink House & Home Parenting This is just one of many things Google is doing to help make discoverability more effective in Google Play. It should lead to more downloads for developers and a better browsing session for users who don’t know exactly what they’re looking for. Alongside the new names are name changes to a couple of different categories. Transportation will be renamed “Maps & Navigation”, and the Media & Video category will be renamed “Video Players & Editors.” Sounds good to us. Look out for the changes to drop in a week’s time. local_offer    Google   Google Play   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Asia Taiwan asks Google to blur out images of military buildings on contested South China Sea island Coastguard says function of buildings is 'classified military information' Gabriel Samuels @gabs_samuels Wednesday 21 September 2016 19:22 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The buildings have been constructed on the disputed Taiping Island on the Spratly archipelago Google Earth Taiwan has asked Google to blur out images of military buildings on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea, amid mounting tensions over China’s territorial claims to the region. The Coast Guard Administration in Tapei confirmed it had asked the technology giant to erase details of four large structures on the northern shore of Taiping Island from its Maps and Earth services, as the function of the buildings counted as “classified military information”. The structures were recently discovered on the map service and raised suspicions that Taiwan is attempting to increase its military presence in the region. Read more China to build nuclear power stations on disputed islands in South China Sea South China Sea ruling: Hague tribunal rules Beijing has 'no legal basis' to claim waters or resources Google Allo should never be used, says Edward Snowden Google could face $400m Indonesia tax bill Coastguard Director General Lee Chung-wei confirmed Google had been notified about concealing the structures, but they currently remain visible on Google Earth pending a review by the tech giant. “It is inconvenient for us to reveal any military facilities we are installing on Taiping island, and what their purposes are, as they are all considered secret,” Taiwan’s defence minister Feng Shih-kuan said, according to the Guardian. Military experts have said the four-storey buildings are likely to be used for detection and surveillance rather than to launch missiles from, despite initial speculation that they were anti-aircraft towers. Imagery that reveals major infrastructure or engineering projects is frequently blurred by Google Earth at the request of governments worldwide. World news in pictures 27 show all World news in pictures 1/27 16 November 2016 A person photographs the Brandenburger gate in Berlin on a foggy day Getty 2/27 16 November 2016 Evacuees formerly stranded in the earthquake-affected town of Kaikoura stand alongside the helicopter that brought them to the town of Woodend, near Christchurch, New Zealand Reuters 3/27 16 November 2016 Specialised water generation equipment is loaded onboard an RNZAF C-130 Hercules aircraft at Linton Military Camp in Manawatu, in preparation for deployment to those stranded on New Zealand's South Island following an earthquake Reuters 4/27 16 November 2016 Evacuees formerly stranded in the earthquake-affected town of Kaikoura stand alongside the helicopter that brought them to the town of Woodend, near Christchurch, New Zealand Reuters 5/27 16 November 2016 Policemen control a crowd of people standing in a queue to enter a bank to exchange discontinued currency in New Delhi, India AP 6/27 16 November 2016 India announced a week ago that it was withdrawing 500 and 1,000 rupee notes as legal tender to fight corruption and tax evasion. However, people are allowed a onetime swap of 4,000 rupees ($59) at any bank in exchange for smaller notes to meet immediate needs AP 7/27 16 November 2016 A Russian Orthodox priest conducts a blessing in front of the Soyuz MS-03 spacecraft set on the launch pad of the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan Getty 8/27 16 November 2016 Indira the Bengal Tiger from Zambi Wildlife Park in Sydney, undergoes minor eye surgery to correct a condition that caused her to go cross-eyed at the University Veterinary Teaching Hospital Getty 9/27 16 November 2016 The world's first pizza drone delivery was claimed by the New Zealand division of fast food giant Domino's, as it looks to grab a slice of a potentially hot future market Getty 10/27 16 November 2016 Prince William, Duke of Cambridge visits the school on Lan Ong Street on the first day of an official visit in Hanoi, Vietnam Getty 11/27 16 November 2016 Theo Martins and Willem Oosthuizen appear in court after an online video emerged showing them pushing a black man into a coffin and threatening to burn him alive, at the Middelburg magistrates High Court, in Mpumalanga province, South Africa Reuters 12/27 15 November 2016 Supporters rallying for the nation‚Äôs new peace agreement with FARC, during a march in Bogota, Colombia Reuters 13/27 15 November 2016 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau place a wreath at Jose Marti Monument in Havana, Cuba AP 14/27 15 November 2016 Protesters block a highway during a protest in Mandan against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 15/27 15 November 2016 Protesters hold a banner in support of indigenous women during a protest in Mandan against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 16/27 15 November 2016 A protester tries to shake the hand of a police officer in front of an Army Corp of Engineers building during a protest in Bismarck against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 17/27 15 November 2016 Protesters in favor of the Dakota Access pipeline demonstrate across the street from an Army Corp of Engineers building in Bismarck, US Reuters 18/27 15 November 2016 Robert F. Kennedy Jr, founder and president of Waterkeeper Alliance, speaks at a news conference at the Oceti Sakowin camp during a protest against the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation near Cannon Ball, North Dakota, U.S Reuters 19/27 15 November 2016 man speaks into a megaphone as demonstrators hold red flags during a protest against the visit of the US president in Athens Getty 20/27 15 November 2016 Police officers look at flames from a fire bomb thrown by demonstrators during a protest against the visit of US President Barack Obama in Athens AP 21/27 15 November 2016 Police and demonstrators clash during a protest against the visit of US President Barack Obama in Athens. Greek police say about 3,000 anarchists, leftwing group supporters and students are marching through central Athens, to protest President Barack Obama's visit AP 22/27 15 November 2016 A pile of 5,250 illegal weapons are burned by Kenyan police in Ngong, near Nairobi, in Kenya. The weapons consisted of both confiscated and surrendered firearms that had been stockpiled over almost a decade and were destroyed by police as a message to the public to surrender others AP 23/27 15 November 2016 A soldier from the Ninth Armored Division, 109th artillery battalion, covers his ears after a 155mm shell was fired towards an Islamic State militant position in Mosul, from the village of Ali Rash, east of Mosul, Iraq AP 24/27 12 November 2016 Rock star Sting reopens the Bataclan , the revered Paris concert hall where jihadists massacred 90 people, with a hugely symbolic show to mark the first anniversary of France's bloodiest terror attacks Getty 25/27 12 November 2016 Candles opposite the Bataclan concert hall in Paris, France, ahead of the venues reopening by Sting, as mourners prepare to mark one year since the Paris terrorist attacks PA wire 26/27 12 November 2016 Protesters stage a mock funeral for South Korean President Park Geun-Hye an anti-government protest in central Seoul. Up to one million people were expected to take to the streets of Seoul to demand the resignation of scandal-hit President Park Geun-Hye, in one of the largest anti-government protests in decades Getty 27/27 12 November 2016 Peshmerga forces inspect a tunnel used by Islamic State militants in the town of Bashiqa, after it was recaptured from the Islamic State, east of Mosul, Iraq Reuters The Spratly Islands are situated in the middle of several important sea trade routes and are the subject of an ongoing historical dispute between China, the Philippines, and Vietnam over their ownership. Taiwan is planning to contest a ruling by the Court of Arbitration in The Hague in July, which stated that the so-called “islands” in the Spratly archipelago should be considered as “large rocks”. The Taiwanese said they were not consulted throughout the arbitration process, which was initiated by the Philippines against China. More about: South China Sea Google Taiwan China Spratley Islands Google Earth Taiping Island Philippines Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out22:57 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Taiwan Wants Google to Hide New Military Structures in Disputed South China Sea © REUTERS/ Ministry of Foreign Affairs/Handout via Reuters/File Photo Asia & Pacific 22:05 21.09.2016(updated 02:05 22.09.2016) Get short URL 62571018 On Wednesday the Coast Guard Administration (CGA) of Taiwan said it has requested that Google blur images of Itu Aba, a new military installation on Taiping Island that is the country’s only base in the hotly disputed South China Sea. Currently, Google Earth maps show a semi-circular mound, with four three-pronged formations attached, near Itu Aba’s northwestern coastline. The structures sit just across from newly-built dock capable of holding some 300 warships and a recently upgraded airstrip.  © AP Photo/ Zha Chunming/Xinhua Beijing Slams Japan’s Plans to Ramp up Engagement in South China Sea Taiwan Defense Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi told local media Wednesday that, "Under the pre-condition of protecting military secrets and security, we have requested Google blur images of important military facilities." China has built ports and airfields, and has dredged several ecologically-sensitive reef habitats in the region as part of extensive land reclamation projects, despite calls by the US and their allies to roll back what they claim is a militarization of the South China Sea by Beijing. This resulted in the Philippines bringing Beijing before the Hague, where an international tribunal condemned Beijing’s actions, finding that there was no legal basis for China’s land claim. The court concluded that "to the extent China had historic rights to resources in the waters of the South China Sea, such rights were extinguished to the extent they were incompatible with the exclusive economic zones provided for in the Convention."  © Sputnik/ Vitaliy Ankov China, Russia Conduct Air Defense, Anti-Submarine Drills in South China Sea (VIDEO) The Chinese Foreign Ministry rejected the ruling, as well as as the legitimacy of the court, calling it "null and void." The Taiwanese Defense Ministry has not made the purpose of Itu Aba public, claiming confidentiality, but defense experts in the country believe the structure of the installation implies that it is an artillery base. Former government advisor and scholar Dustin Wang has made regular visits to Itu Aba and said the installation "definitely will be for military purposes, but I cannot tell if it is for defending, attacking or monitoring." He noted that the base could be used for surveillance, given its position facing a main thoroughfare for seaborne traffic.  © AP Photo/ Fan Yishu/Xinhua South China Sea: Washington 'Lost the Plot and the Pivot' in Southeast Asia After a legislative session on Tuesday, Defense minister Feng Shih-kuan told reporters, "It is inconvenient for us to reveal any military facilities we are installing on Taiping island, and what their purposes are, as they are all considered secret." Billions of dollars in trade annually pass through the South China Sea. Taiwan, along with China, Malaysia, Vietnam, Brunei and the Philippines all have territorial claims on parts of the sea. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 018 Related: Philippines President Seeks 'Soft Landing' in South China Sea Dispute Changing Tides in South China Sea Trigger Manila's Spat With Washington Russia Supports China’s Stance on South China Sea Obama, Xi Address South China Sea Row, North Korea Ahead of G20 Summit US Needs to Stop Playing 'Chicken' With Beijing in South China Sea Tags: military base, Chen Chung-chi, South China Sea, Taiwan TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 23:54 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete storm in a scs tea cup. Reply tonyw247 23:59 21.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete well..by the look of it Taiwan started it Reply elsa.zardini 01:37 22.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete A very transparent country, Taiwan. Sounds familiar?Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Flying Fortress: US Urgently Seeking New Air Force Ones The White House is urgently looking to replace the presidential aircraft, as the in-use pair of Air Force One Boeing 747-200s are nearly three decades old. 1243 More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump Win Students in Washington DC and other cities around the nation are again leaving school to protest the results of the US presidential election. 6272 Sputnik EXCLUSIVE: Secret Document Tells Daesh Not to Attack US Coalition Planes Sputnik's Arabic bureau has obtained photos of a decree by Daesh (ISIL/ISIS) leaders instructing its fighters not to attack US-led coalition aircraft operating over Mosul and the surrounding area. 248241 Daesh Terrorists Infiltrating Asylum Seeker Groups - German Spy Agency Germany's spy agency BND, has warned that Daesh (also known as ISIL) is infiltrating asylum seeker groups to gain access into Europe. It comes as hundreds of German police have launched a series of raids, searching for Daesh recruiters among a Salafist group, calling itself "The True Religion." 2232 EU Member States Face Off Amid Calls for Budget Overhaul With EU finance ministers meeting in Brussels, Italy has led calls for more funds to be allocated to support member states affected by the migration crisis. While no major changes are expected, analysts have told Sputnik that EU leaders may make some concessions to Rome over important issues. 1225 Germany Launches Crackdown on 'Unacceptable' Islamist Radicals Germany's decision to ban a group of Salafist extremists will break the organization's structure and stop it financing and recruiting Islamist militancy, CDU deputy Wolfgang Bosbach told Sputnik Deutschland. 4273 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 22:44Flying Fortress: US Urgently Seeking New Air Force Ones 22:43Eight Dead, 13 Missing in Fire Near Hotel For Obama, Other APEC Guests 22:36Israel Warns Russia Against Signing Major Arms Contracts With Iran 22:04South Korean Military Close to Sealing Land-Swap Deal to Deploy THAAD 21:59More US Students Leave Class in Protest of Trump WinAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19901 Indian Army Wants to Urgently Induct New Generation Russian Tanks 11776 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 10141 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9984 India to Test Own Drone to Avoid US, Israeli Makes 9257All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 39 Mass Student Walk-Outs Across US Protest Trump Election Win 32 Washington DC Students March to Trump Hotel Protesting President-Elect (PHOTOS) 25All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russian Aircraft Carrier, Frigate Unleash Hell Upon Terrorists in Syria Friends in High Places? US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Google Battles Whatsapp With The New Allo Messaging App Posted September 21, 2016 6:38 pm by admin Comments Google on Wednesday introduced a new instant messaging (WhatsApp-like) platform called Allo that features Google Assistant which can simplify little tasks for users and offer convenience while chatting or sharing files with a contact. Allo’s introduction comes close at heels after Google released its slow-networks video chat application called Duo. Here’s everything you should know about it, including how it works and why you might use it: Exactly what is Google Allo? Google explains Allo as a messaging app for Android and iPhone users. However, it does a lot more than simply enabling you to send out messages to other users. It’s a smart messaging app because it has the power of Google built-in and can obviously learn with time. Although the user interface resembles any chat application, the combination of the artificial intelligence takes Allo’s performance and simplicity of use to a brand-new level. How does Google Allo work? Just like WhatsApp, Allo is based upon your telephone number, so you can use it to send out messages to anyone in your phone contact – not just other Allo users. Asides that, Google had highlighted 3 elements of Allo that make it distinct eg. Security. Security All messages in Allo are encrypted. Allo provides an Incognito Mode, similar to Chrome browser, which means you get access to not just end-to-end encrypted messages. however, functions like expiring chats and personal notifications. You can for that reason keep message safe from spying eyes, you can control for how long they remain and completely erase them from your phone. This implies that not all messages are secured like in WhatsApp. Google wanted to provide options to users on which chats they want to be secured. Allo benefits Allo is connected to your contact number so you can text anybody in your phone book. You can doodle on pictures, ask Google Assistant questions, search for info, and go into an Incognito Mode, and so on. And the very best part is … all of that can get done within this one, totally free app. Allo likewise works with Google Duo. Exactly what is Google Duo? Together with Allo, Google presented an easy video calling app for iOS and Android. It’s called Duo and is created to compete with Apple’s FaceTime and Skype by making the system as simple as possible. As well as including end-to-end encryption, Duo will work on even sluggish, low bandwidth web connections. It likewise sports an ingenious new function Google is calling Knock Knock. This allows Duo to reveal live previews before you pick the call. Google has actually made sure that the technology is very fast. http://gsmbasics.com.ng/590/google-battles-whatsapp-with-the-new-allo-messaging-application.html Nairaland What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Whatsapp May Incorporate Passcode And Recovery Email Options WhatsApp is surely one of the most popular chat applications out there and it certainly has many advantages over other... See His Funny Conversation With Google Allo Robot my conversation with Google Allo Robot Nairaland... WhatsApp introduces mute option Ever got tired of WhatsApp messages from friends especially while workload is much or late at night when the only... How To Add Bold, Italic And Crossed Words To Messages On Whatsapp Cross-platform mobile messaging app, Whatsapp, has announced the latest upgrade to its application. The upgrade, though small compared to more... Do You Use Any Of These Phones? Sorry You Will Soon Be Disabled from WhatsApp WhatsApp is about to give up to five million long-standing users the boot as it clamps down on the use... Check Out Whatsapp’s New Update With Cool Features WhatsApp Messenger is the most popular messaging platform on all mobile operating systems and if you have a smart phone,... Microsoft releases messaging app for snappy communication Microsoft has released a messaging app that allows for “brief, snappy communications” between colleagues and syncs with Outlook accounts. Even... “See What I Saw After Downloading Whatsapp On My Phone” Finally !! See What I Saw After Downloading Whatsapp On My Phone (PHOTO) It was stated early this year that... See The Best Ways To Go Invisible On Whatsapp Sometimes you don’t want to reply or appear to ignore messages on whatsapp. This article is just what you need... Naija loves messaging apps: Whatsapp, Instagram, BBM and the next killer app is…? This is a sponsored post. Read below… No doubt, Nigerians love social media and messaging apps like crazy and this... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Diaspora   JobsNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9ja   Surebet247TV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Merrybet.com Surebet247.com 1960bet.com Bet9ja.com Nairabet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG (YOruba HAusa IGbo) 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria.
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical movies home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close The Great British Bake Off The Great British Bake Off 2016, episode five – as it happened Cool heads and hands are required in pastry week, aka the great British flake off. Can the contestants handle it, dough? Updated Cool hand Candice. Photograph: Tom Graham/BBC/Love Productions Rhik Samadder @whatsamadder Wednesday 21 September 2016 16.03 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 21 September 2016 19.14 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 3.37pm EDT 15:37 Showstopper – amuses bouche 3.35pm EDT 15:35 Technical Challenge – Jane wins! 3.27pm EDT 15:27 Technical Challenge – Bakewell tart 3.24pm EDT 15:24 Candice and Jane pull ahead 3.04pm EDT 15:04 Signature Challenge – Danish pastries Live feed Show 4.03pm EDT 16:03 I'm leaving with Val It’s been an hour since I ate anything, so I have to go, like, now. But thank you all for being so much fun to play with down below. I mean that in the most suggestive way possible! I shall be on Inspect A Gadget duties as usual, and please say hi on the tweeter or the Instant Gran. Heidi, who’s been baking herself on the Costa del Crime, will be back next week, funnier than ever. Don’t tell her I broke everything. Take care of each other, and stay informal! Rx Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EDT 16:02 We’ll never see that amalgam of nanny mimsiness and sharp-edged psycho in the tent again. She was one of a kind. We salute you Val! It was, as people have pointed out below, a good innings. Pleased for Candice too. She puts herself through the emotional wringer. Candice wins Photograph: BBC Updated at 4.06pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EDT 15:59 Winner! Candice Wowzeroonies. First off. The ribald burlesque with a faint hint of baking domme has finally grabbed star baker! CANDICE for the win! He’s done it! Rav, the cardamom comeback kid, lives to bake on, on bake off. There may be a better way of phrasing that. Val meanwhile, is escorted from the premises. Emotional, love filled speech. We love ya, Val! Thanks for the laughs. Having said that, there will be a rampage in Yorkshire tonight. Please pack a parkin and get underground. Valzilla will be looking for victims. She hits. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 Also don’t think we won’t come back to ‘That’s just the sort of surprise I like before a meal,’ Mary. You aged bottle of sauce. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EDT 15:55 HMMM. What’s even more interesting is the bottom of the table. Who’s gonna be checking out of pastry week in a filo body bag, basted with the butter of bitter regret? Val has done excruciatingly rubbish this round too, whereas Rav’s parcels were beauties. Has he pulled off a creme pat resurrection? Will we roll back the stone to find Rav’s not there? If so, who will be? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54pm EDT 15:54 Most of you think Jane has got this? Jane has been too bold, but pulled off her flavours with a plum. No a plomb. No, a cherry, and some cured meat. But Candice gets a 10 for presentation, and faultless flavour too. Can she edge ahead? “Star Baker” whispers Jane as Candice walks past. But not in a ... feline way. Just a supportive, GBBO way. I like Jane. Do we like Jane? God it’s tense. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EDT 15:50 Selasi is helping! Drink! Candice is fiddling with her balls! Drink all the drinks for ever! Man these are some beautiful bouches. Hats off- that filo looks so unwieldy. Judges step in. Benjamina’s done good because she is good. Selasi’s had a quiet week. Andrew has imparted a piquant flavour, like Jupiter Ascending! Okay there was no natural way to slip that film title in, and it’s the only other Eddie film I’ve seen, and I’m not here next week so gimme a break. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EDT 15:48 Okay, you guys like the historical interludes. Fair enough. I am a philistine. I’m typing this on an abacus made of mud. Off topic, but I really like Mel’s Little My hairstyle. Jane has knocked over those filo cones about a hundred times now. It’s like she’s drunk on an endless fresher’s week. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EDT 15:47 Rav thinks he’ll have time to spare. That should go fine, then. Val’s rolling pin is a broom handle, so let’s take the GBH/witch jokes as a given and move on. The bakers are attempting to stretch filo until it’s basically transparent. Having tried making my own pasta a few times, I feel sick with anxiety just watching them. Jane decides her pastry is ready when she can read a bottle of alcohol through it, which is a Val technique. Benjamina’s cooking with a ruler, which is trademark Andrew. It’s a hall of mirrors, I tells ya! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.43pm EDT 15:43 Tom’s making chocolate steak, while the thought of the sausagemeat collecting under Candice’s nails makes me feel a bit ick. She tells us “it’s good to get a handful of sausage,” so I suspect the entire recipe is predicated on an opportunity for smut. A girl after my own heart too. When she asked Mary to feel the weight of her enormous black pudding, well. Carry On Candice. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.43pm EDT 15:43 Could be the new ‘informal’ Liam Murphy (@liamwaterloo) "Looking for something a little more refined than a gobful," is my new Grindr profile description. #GBBO September 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.40pm EDT 15:40 ‘Yorkshire gobfuls’ sounds like Val’s street-fight finishing move. White chocolate samosas? Rav’s going down fighting. Although he is basically cooking with his coat on. Andrew is making baklava with a dough so wet it’s probably distantly in line to the throne. And – OH NO it’s a historical interlude. I’ll put the kettle on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.38pm EDT 15:38 good bakewell tho Photograph: Contract Number (Programme)/CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY Jane from the Inbetweeners? You guys are harsh. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 Showstopper – amuses bouche Showstoppers this week are amuses bouches which translate as “eat 1,000 of these because they’re free” if you speak posh restaurant. Wait, should it be amuse bouche? amuse-bouches? amuses bouches louches pooches? Let’s call the whole thing off-puttingly French. Updated at 3.38pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 AS IF Benjamina’s in trouble. Rav has as much chance of being welcomed back to the tent as that bear from The Revenant. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EDT 15:35 Technical Challenge – Jane wins! Rav is last – as if any other outcome was possible, once he’d jinxed the bejeesus out of it. Andrew still beats Val with his Africa ... situation. Selasi third, Candice second, and yup, I think we’re looking at a twice starred baker Jane. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EDT 15:35 Val has in fact made a very bad tart. Think about her family. “It holds its own” cuts Mary, assessing the wattle and daub cladding. “Our first soggy bottom!” crows Paul. I’d stick to main roads tonight, Paul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EDT 15:34 This is going to be horrific. Judges step in. Jane, of course, has smashed it. (I think the Bakewell recipe gets handed out with Freedom passes.) Candice and Selasi are okay. Rav has a collapsed goo. I think that sound is his ship, about to set sail. (Sorry Rav! You seem very nice.) Andrew has drawn a map of Africa on his tart, in reverse-relief icing. But the bake is good, which amounts to a miracle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EDT 15:34 Val flapping her towel is like some ancient apotropaic dance to ward off evil. Imagine what’s in her bakewell. British Bake Off (@BritishBakeOff) Val’s baking rituals involve scaring evil spirits away from the tent. #GBBO pic.twitter.com/wz69y9XOnd September 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics The Great British Bake Off Food TV Television Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio selected music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › TV & radio › The Great British Bake Off Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 21 GOOG: 776.22 4.81 Some Nexus 5X users experiencing boot loops after updating to Android Nougat Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android 7.0 Nougat View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If you’re a Nexus 5X owner experiencing constant rebooting after installing an OTA update to Android 7.0 Nougat, you’re not alone. The issue has been reported by several people on the Google Product Forums, but thankfully, a Googler named Orrin has at least replied confirming that it’s a problem… Unfortunately, however, it appears that this isn’t a problem that will be solvable with a software update, at least according to Orrin. Google is “continuing to investigate” the situation, but he recommends that those experiencing this issue contact their place of purchase for “warranty or repair options.” Hey Everyone, We understand that a very small number of users are experiencing a bootloop issue on the Nexus 5X. We are continuing to investigate the situation, but can confirm that this is strictly a hardware related issue. For those of you that are currently experiencing this, please contact your place of purchase for warranty or repair options. We’re sorry for the inconvenience and appreciate your continued patience. Here’s a some snippets of reports from people who have been experiencing the issue: Installed nougat over the air yesterday and since then random reboots occur. I created the cache partition but no luck. Did a factory reset but problem still there. Any ideas ? Wiped the cache partition. Didn’t help. Seems like a global issue. Except the default google apps delivered with system I have literally few third party apps from google store that I will try to get rid off. Will try to find one that makes issues. I didn’t have rebooting issue @ nexus 5x running 6.0.1 marsh. Same here… My Nexus 5x has rebooted at least 4 times after upgrade to N this morning. It was quite stable before the upgrade when it was running 6.01. This is pretty bad. Can I go back to 6.01 and preserve my data till you fix this issue? If you’re in the same boat as these people, it looks like your only option — for now at least — will be to reach out to the retailer from which you purchased your device. Retailers offer some of their own warranties and Google’s hardware partners offer a 1 year warranty from the date of purchase for problems such as these, and that should be everyone (as of the time of this writing) considering the device launched in late September of 2015. Here’s Google’s official word on who to reach out to depending on your circumstance: If you purchased your Nexus 5X on the Google Store, contact us for information about refunds, exchanges, or repairs. Your satisfaction is important to us and we want to help. If you purchased your phone directly from Project Fi, call 1-844-Talk-2-Fi for information about refunds, exchanges, or repairs. If you didn’t purchase your Nexus 5X on the Google Store, visit the LG website at www.lg.com/. You may be covered by LG’s limited manufacturer’s warranty. But if you’re reading this at a later date and you’re out of that 1 year I wouldn’t expect much considering the lack of response from Google and OEMs with other similar Nexus issues. Guides Android 7.0 Nougat View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
CLOSE × Sorry! You don't have any alerts. If you've already subscribed, you should start receiving alerts shortly. You can also look for the around the site to subscribe or click here to manage your existing subscriptions. You must be signed in to get alerts. Click here to do so. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Sep 21st 2016 at 10:17AM Add Subscribe Tim Armstrong Joins the UPSHIFT Lineup facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Autoblog Staff Tim Armstrong is CEO of AOL Inc., a leading global media technology company headquartered in New York City and operating in over 20 countries worldwide. Today, AOL serves nearly 500 million consumers every month across the globe, and maintains partnerships with thousands of the world's leading companies. AOL owns, builds and operates global media brands and provides technology and services to over 10,000 other brands and media companies. Under Tim's leadership, AOL was acquired by Verizon for 4.4 billion dollars on May 12, 2015. Prior to joining AOL, Tim spent almost a decade at Google, where he served as President of Google's Americas Operations and Senior Vice President of Google Inc. as well as serving on the company's global operating committee. Tim started in his career by co-founding a newspaper in Boston, MA before moving into the Internet industry, where he has worked as a team member, investor or co-founder at numerous companies, including Starwave (sold to Disney / ESPN / ABC Internet Ventures), Snowball (IPO), Associated Content (sold to Yahoo), and Patch (sold to AOL). Tim has also been an active investor in the start-up community, both on and offline. Tim serves on the board of The Priceline Group, Inc., the New York regional board of Teach for America, the Waterside Charter School in Stamford, CT, as Chairman Emeritus for the Ad Council, and as a trustee for the United States Olympic and Paralympic Foundation. He also acts as an advisor to the McChrystal Group, a leadership consulting firm driven by former Commander of the Joint Special Operations Command, General Stan McChrystal. Additionally, Tim is the chairman of the IAB Education Foundation, a new non-profit working to improve diversity and close the skills gap across the digital media and advertising landscape. An ardent champion of community service, Tim was honored by the Ad Council with their 60th Annual Public Service Award in 2013. Tim is a graduate of Connecticut College and Lawrence Academy. He has served as a trustee for both. Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Trending Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Follow Us From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Automotive Car Care Exterior Accessories Light & Lighting Accessories Motorcycle & ATV Shop Automotive Oils & Fluids Paint & Paint Supplies RV Parts & Accessories Tools & Equipment Shop Automotive Replacement Parts Performance Parts & Accessories Wheels & Tires Interior Accessories Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos The Grand Tour turns wrecked Toyota Prius hybrids into artWatch Video Lamborghini expands Huracan range with rear-wheel-drive convertibleWatch Video The 2017 Mazda CX-5 is new, and oh so very redWatch Video 2017 Honda Civic Si fills the performance gap between Sport and Type RWatch Video Meet the man with a million-dollar Hot Wheels collectionWatch Video Jay Leno's first time behind the wheel of the F40 is a magical momentWatch Video The Grand Tour countdown by the numbersWatch Video Recharge Wrap-up: Tow-charging a Tesla, Hyundai Tucson Fuel Cell taxis in ParisWatch Video Does the Ford Focus RS live up to the hype? We took it to the track to find outWatch Video Ferrari F1 ace Sebastian Vettel shows the proper way to drive the LaFerrari ApertaWatch Video × Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Clear ×  Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Change Close ×  Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 21 GOOG: 776.22 4.81 The latest Google Store addition is a Belkin USB-C car charger that costs $45 Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Google Store Belkin View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Sometimes Google adds a new product to its online retail presence, the Google Store. Today, that new product is a regular ol’ Belkin USC Type-C car charger. And it costs a whopping $45. That should be enough for you to stop reading this article, roll your eyes, and move along with your day. But if for some reason you’re still interested in this overpriced accessory, here’s what you get in the box: USB Type-C car adapter 1.2 m USB Type-C to Type-C cable (USB 2.0 speed) Google says that its requirements include a car outlet (duh), and a USB Type-C powered device (duh). Among the devices that it suggests you “enjoy it with,” the company lists the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Pixel C, and Chromebook Pixel. If you’re paying $45 dollars for a charger, I say forget Google — use it with whatever device you want. Be sure to follow 9to5Toys if you’re looking for a USB C car charger that isn’t 3 times the price it should be, such as the perfectly great Aukey car charger that we featured a couple weeks ago for $15. Guides Google Store View THe Guide Belkin View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise AMP: Will it Become a Ranking Signal? SEO September 8, 2016 SEO Tyler ThursbySeptember 8, 2016 474SHARES 1.2KREADS 474SHARES 1.2KREADS Tyler Thursby 474SHARES 1.2KREADS By now you’re probably familiar with Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP), Google’s open source initiative designed to deliver mobile optimized content at lightning speed. AMP has undergone many significant changes since first introduced in October of 2015, leading many digital marketers to question what its future holds. It certainly begs the question, will AMP eventually become a ranking signal? To be clear, Google currently indicates AMP is currently not a ranking factor.  Be that as it may, this article will provide a short list of things to consider to show this policy is subject to change. Let’s start reading the tea leaves, shall we? 1. The Push for HTTPS AMP has grown significantly since first adopted into Google’s search results. AMP was formerly restricted to a carousel within mobile search results: … but has recently broken into organic results.  Notice the familiar lightning bolt icon below: That’s a significant jump in less than a year. 2. The Push for HTTPS Google has previously displayed a willingness to leave the door open to policy changes when it comes to their ranking signals. A perfect example of this is their stance on HTTPS/SSL sites. When HTTPS/SSL sites started rising in popularity, Google’s Matt Cutts expressed interest in providing secure sites with a ranking benefit. Fast forward a few short months later, Google announced HTTPS as a ranking signal on their official blog. This might seem like a classic case of comparing apples to oranges until you stop and consider similarly ambiguous statements Google has made regarding AMP. Google’s John Mueller was quoted as saying, “At the moment, [AMP] is not a ranking signal,” a statement teeming with subtext. We may not see AMP become the minor ranking signal HTTPS/SSL sites became, but the situation is certainly starting to fit a familiar mold. 3. The Momentum of Mobile How often do you check your phone every day? Compare this with the number of times you fire up your desktop computer (assuming you even use one) and it should give you a better sense of why mobile users are dominating search results. Mobile search traffic continues to surpass traditional desktop, driving the need for . If Google users want answers to mobile search queries as fast as possible, why wouldn’t it become a ranking signal? The Future of AMP Should AMP become an official ranking signal? The answer depends on who you ask. From Google’s perspective, it makes sense to modify search results to accommodate an increasingly mobile user base. Google has always been a champion of the user experience, a fundamental strategy that occasionally puts them at odds with website developers. Google’s recent mobile-friendly update is a good example of this complicated relationship. Many believed the update signaled the ‘end of times’ for non-responsive sites, earning it the dubious distinction of Mobilegeddon. Webmasters made a considerable investment of their resources to accommodate Google’s push toward responsive design, abiding by one simple tenet: become mobile-friendly or get left behind. Depending on how you look at the situation, AMP may be a natural progression of responsive design or an admission of its failure. It’s entirely possible that responsive design failed to produce the speeds Google sought to provide mobile users, resulting in AMP. Perhaps there’s more work to be done, something that doesn’t sit well with some developers. Whatever the case, some argue the existence of AMP devalues modern capabilities of the web. Yoast’s Joost de Valk suggests, “Let’s compare this to a race car. If you want to make a race car faster, you give it a faster engine and you strip all the weight. In this weight stripping you also remove things like back seats, air conditioning, etc. AMP is not unlike that. It’s the trimmed down version of a normal web, because Google cares for speed more than for nifty features.” Webmasters feel as though they’re being forced to go back in time to a place where websites resembled something like this … “AMP throws away years of advancement, with the only goal being to make the web faster,” adds Joost de Valk. Will AMP eventually become a ranking signal? It may be less a question of if so much as when.   Image Credits Featured Image: Karolina Grabowska/Pexels.com Screenshots by Tyler Thursby. Taken August 2016. Related Posts Google to Strengthen its Mobile-Friendly Ranking Signal Google Strengthens Its Mobile-Friendly Ranking Signal As of Today Google May Use What’s On TV As A Ranking Signal, According To New Patent Prominence as a New Local SEO Ranking Signal Bio Twitter LinkedIn Latest Posts Tyler Thursby Senior SEO Analyst at Zion & Zion Tyler is the resident SEO nerd at Zion & Zion, a full-service marketing agency based in Tempe, AZ. He loves utilizing his talent for writing... Read Full Bio @tthursb Latest posts by Tyler Thursby (see all) AMP: Will it Become a Ranking Signal? - September 8, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Sara Rebeka I think it should be a ranking factor because of the increasing search diversification. I don’t want to google restrict AMP’s potential power in Desktop for showing quick results. Also it will help native language based website to focus more in search engine. Zachory Nissenbaum Going to be difficult to make “AMP” a ranking signal. Google controls all the data when a user lands on an AMP page. I think it’s more likely that “mobile page speed” becomes a bigger factor in the ranking algorithm. If my page loads the same content as your AMP page (and has the exact same other signals for page rank), but does it faster than your AMP page, would it make sense or even be fair for the Google AMP page to show up higher in the Google results? I do agree, speed matters, but should not be required to be an AMP page. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.7K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.9K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.6K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.5K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.6K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 Google to Strengthen its Mobile-Friendly Ranking Signal 2 Google Strengthens Its Mobile-Friendly Ranking Signal As of Today 3 Google May Use What’s On TV As A Ranking Signal, According To New Patent 4 Prominence as a New Local SEO Ranking Signal [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Tech Google teases mysterious October 4th launch with more mysterious rectangles New, 60 comments by James Vincent@jjvincent Sep 21, 2016, 2:02pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Imgur via Reddit / dolan313 Google is holding an event on October 4th where it's widely expected to unveil its latest smartphones. Somewhat unusually for the company, it's also engaging in a bit of guerrilla marketing — we've seen more than one building-sized advert trailing the event, as well as pictures of a statue in Brooklyn Bridge Park shared by Redditor dolan313. Both adverts and statue look just like the original video teaser released by Google this week, showing a plain white rounded rectangle alongside the date October 4th, and Google's "G" icon. There's also a hashtag on the base of the statue saying #MadeByGoogle — a phrase that's been popping up a lot for this event, suggesting that Google will be taking more responsibility for the design of whatever devices it announces, just like it does with its Pixel laptop and tablet. Although we might already have seen the phones in question, with leaks earlier this week showing two rather bland handsets that at least match the plain-rounded-rectangle look of the ads below. The hashtag on the base of the statue. (Imgur via Reddit / dolan313) Quite the Google ad blitz on this one. Hope it's worth the hype. pic.twitter.com/zyf6MXDDit — John P. Falcone (@falconejp) September 21, 2016 Another Google ad, this time in Cologne. (Vlad Savov) I'm personally hoping that Google is actually just misleading us, and that the original video teaser is much more straightforward than it seems. I believe that rather than phones, the company will unveil "your love" on October 4th, and that when said love is shown on stage, all of us will be invited to "come and get" it. But fine, if this love comes in the form of new smartphones I'd be happy with that, too. Source: Reddit Next Up In Circuit Breaker Electric Objects’ new EO2 display put cool internet art in my sad bedroom What are Snapchat Spectacles, and do I have to be a teen to wear them? OnePlus' Bullets earphones are criminally underpriced You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The best drone you can buy The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 20. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Science US & World Environment China to Trump: Why are you blaming us for climate change? by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza In 2012, Donald Trump tweeted that climate change was a concept invented by China to make US businesses less competitive. Four years later, Trump was elected president of the United States — and so China decided to address the preposterous claim,... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC by Chris Plante@plante I have sunk a couple thousand dollars into a top-of-the-line gaming PC. After a week with the PS4 Pro, I’m beginning to regret it. PC gaming has secured a monopoly on high-end visuals by catering to a subset of gamers willing to spend limitless... Entertainment TV Culture Full Frontal with Samantha Bee was just renewed through 2017 by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, The Daily Show alum’s acclaimed news comedy series on TBS, has been renewed through 2017. Variety reports that the weekly show, which regularly skewers politics and current events with a feminist bent, was picked up... US & World Tech Facebook The author of The Filter Bubble on how fake news is eroding trust in journalism by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton In the aftermath of a US presidential election that seemed to shock at least half the country, many Americans are asking themselves how they missed the popularity of Donald Trump. One answer is a concept known as the filter bubble: the idea that... Watch This Entertainment Film Watch Lost Boy, a gorgeous and gritty cyberpunk short film by Andrew Webster If you’re a fan of artist and designer Ash Thorp, there’s a good chance you’ve heard him talk about “Lost Boy,” a personal project that looked to blend together elements of Akira and Mad Max into some kind of new sci-fi universe. Well, now that... New, 0 comments Tech Health Wearable NBA 2K17 will reward players for staying active with their Fitbits by Anisa Purbasari Fitbit is trying to drum up its appeal to video gamers by adding in-game rewards for those who use its wearable. The fitness tracking company has announced an integration with the game NBA 2K17, which enables gamers to receive a small in-game... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us You can get Belkin’s USB-C car charger from the Google Store now +4,589 Ashley King Sep 21st, 2016 Google has added Belkin’s USB-C car charger to the Google Store, but you’ll be paying a premium for it. The charger was first announced a few months ago and is 27W, meaning it charges about 70% faster than other chargers. Because of that, the charger can be used to charge laptops like the Chromebook Pixel, Pixel C, or the new Macbook much faster than others. The price you’ll be paying for that faster charging? $44.99. That’s hard to swallow for a car charger accessory, but you can save $5 on it if you decide to buy from Verizon instead of Google. Verizon has the same charger available online for $39.99. local_offer    Belkin  Google Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (12) stars Further Reading Google shuffles its Store lineup Pixel XL completely sold out on Google Store Google Store offers financing on more than Pixel phones Deal: Up to $100 off at the Google Store Acer Chromebook 14 & 11 (2016) available on Google Store stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us LG V20: First 19 Things You Should Do +27,624 Chris Chavez Sep 21st, 2016 In the wake of a Galaxy Note 7 launch that literally went up in smoke, LG could find itself picking up the pieces of heartbroken Android users looking for the next big thing. The LG V20 seemingly fits that bill perfectly, with a gigantic smartphone that’s easily the best LG has ever made. Set to launch sometime later this year, we’re showing you the first steps you’ll want to do upon booting up the LG V20 for the first time. There’s a lot to take in, so if nothing else you may want to bookmark this page and revisit a little later. You know, once the phone is officially released in the US or the rest of the world. Secure the phone with your fingerprint After powering up the LG V20 for the first time, when you first go through the setup process at some point you’ll be asked to secure the device with your fingerprint. It’s relatively easy, just follow the onscreen directions which will ask you to choose a backup method of unlocking the device, followed by the process of recording your fingerprint. Once you’re all done with the initial setup wizard, we recommend jumping back into the Settings to record a few extra prints. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Scroll down and select Fingerprints & security Tap on Fingerprints (confirm your password) Select Add fingerprint Scan your fingerprint The LG V20 is actually a little different from most other devices in that the fingerprint sensor actually doubles as the power button. While you don’t have to click the button to activate the sensor (just gently place your finger atop the sensor), you will need to press it in order to turn the screen off. Add an app drawer to your home screen It sounds crazy, but out of the box, the default home screen (launcher) on the LG V20 doesn’t have an actual app drawer. You know, that place where you normally find all your apps to drag and drop onto your home screen? Probably an effort to make the phone more familiar to iOS users, you can easily get an app drawer back by choosing either a 3rd party home screen replacement, or the one LG already provides. Here’s how to find it: Open the Settings app Select Home screen Tap on Select Home Choose Home & app drawer from the available options Once you’ve made it back to your new home screen, we recommend opening the app drawer, tapping on the 3-dot menu button, and selecting View apps by to sort your apps by name. This will make it much easier to find what you’re looking for the next time you’re in there. Change the display size The display on the LG V20 is incredible large. One of the first things we noticed when powering the device on for the first time was how blown up the UI appeared. Icons were ginormous, text was huge — it was a little much for our tastes, especially considering the size of the display. Whether you have good eyes and want to take advantage of that extra screen real estate to show more of everything, or you want to further enlarge text, icons, everything — it’s all possible thanks to a new feature in Android 7.0 Nougat. Here’s where you’ll find it: Open the Settings app Tap on Display Scroll down and select Display size Move the slider to the left or right to either shrink, or blow up the entire UI Change the navigation bar back to black Like most other manufacturers, LG likes to theme up Android with their own custom UI. The result are strange UI choices, like changing the normally black navigation bar (where you find the on-screen buttons) by making the background stark white. It’s odd and quite frankly a little too bright when using the phone in darker lighting situations. The good new is you can change this back to black easily, just as the good Lord intended. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Scroll down the select Display Tap on Home touch buttons Tap Color Choose Black Use all 16MP in your camera — not just 12 The LG V20 features some pretty fancy camera tech. With a dual lens system, users can switch between the regular 16MP camera or a super wide angle 8MP on the fly. The weird part is when you first open the camera app, that primary 16MP camera is actually cropped to 12MP, giving you a wide 16:9 aspect ratio. While it’s nice to see the viewfinder filling up the entire display, it’s basically chopping off the top and bottom. Why is LG forcing this on their users? Who knows, but you can get back all 16 megapixels by jumping into the camera settings and making one small change. Here’s how: Open the Camera app Tap on the camera settings (gear icon) Select Photo size > 4:3 (16MP) Customize your Second Screen Although some would label the Second Screen on the LG V20 a gimmick, it’s actually pretty darn handy once you set it up. There’s a ton of options here and while having a signature display your name all the time might be fun for some folks, it doesn’t really add much utility to the Second Screen. Instead, we found that adding our most commonly used apps, media controls, and settings toggles (Quick Tools), was the perfect way to take advantage of the Second Display. Here’s where you’ll find it. Open the Settings app Tap on Second screen From here, you’ll find 2 main options (Show when main screen on and off). Tapping on the words — not the toggle switch — will pull up additional options for the following: Show when main screen on – Choose additional content to show on the Second Screen from contacts, to upcoming plans, or recent apps. You can rearrange the order by using the handles on the left. Shown when main screen off – Choose whether to show the Date & time or your signature when the main screen is off. You can also choose which Quick Tools (settings toggles) to show as well by tapping on them or long pressing to change their placement. There’s even the option to set the Second Screen to turn off automatically on their own. Show notification content on your lock screen Sometimes it’s better to err on the side of caution. For LG, that means hiding “sensitive content”from being displayed on your lockscreen by default. For those that actually like seeing the content of their messages, social media apps, and emails on the lock screen, you’ll need to manually turn them on. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Scroll down and tap on Notifications Tap on Lock screen Select Show all notifications Turn on Smart settings to help automate your life Smartphones are supposed to be getting smarter every year, so it’s nice when they actually live up that promise. Like lights, nobody likes remembering to turn off the WiFi off whenever they leave the house. Thankfully, the LG V20’s Smart settings can automate all most of these functions and more — you just need to set them up first. The first 2 main parameters to customize are at home and away from home which allow you to set a sound profile, and choose whether to turn Bluetooth or WiFi on/off when coming or leaving. This can be convenient if you like your phone to be set to silent when arriving home, or switching off WiFi before you head out on your morning commute. Then there’s when earphones are plugged in and when Bluetooth device is connected which simply allow you to set a specific app to open under those circumstances (launch Spotify for instance). It’s all pretty convenient and nice when your phone knows what you want to do without you even doing it. Use Game battery saver to keep your phone running longer There are few ways to kill your smartphone faster than by playing video games. With all those cores firing up at once (and GPS if you’re playing Pokemon Go), it can be pretty taxing on your CPU, the main reason your phone gets so hot even if you’re just playing a quick game of Candy Crush. To help ease this strain, the LG V20 has a power saving setting that allows you to turn down the resolution and/or frame rate of a game to help extend battery life. There’s 3 main options — resolution (base), resolution and frame rate (full) — with the last option allowing you to custom tailor these settings based on each title individually. Here’s where you’ll find the game battery saver settings: Open the Settings app Scroll down and select Battery & power saving Tap on Game battery saver (the words, not the toggle switch) Choose desired optimization level The third option allows you to choose between 3 different levels of resolution and frame rate: low, normal, or high. By tweaking these settings you can achieve both the optimal performance and power savings from every game on your phone. It’s a powerful feature and one of the best on the LG V20. Turn on Screen pinning to lock guests to a specific app Your smartphone is full of sensitive information. So what happens when someone needs to use your phone to make a quick phone call or look something up online? You can either hand over your phone and stress out, or you rest easy by taking advantage of a core Android feature called Screen Pinning. It basically allows you to lock someone down to a specific app of your choosing. First, you’ll have to enable it: Open the Settings app Select Fingerprints & security Scroll down and select Screen pin Turn it on by tapping on the toggle Also turn on “Pin with screen lock“ Once it’s been enabled, you’ll now be able to activate this feature whenever you need to by doing the following: Open the app (screen) you’d like to “pin” Use the overview button to open Recent apps Tap on the pushpin icon at the bottom right corner of the app preview Confirm “Pin this screen to only use this app?” by tapping PIN “Screen is pinned” message will confirm the app has been locked To unpin the screen/app, touch and hold back button until you’re taken back to the lock screen Unlock your phone as normal to get back to your home screen Back up photos for free using Google Photos Whether your phone is lost, stolen, or it comes time to upgrade, nobody likes having to worry about losing all the precious memories stored on their phone. That’s why it’s important to make sure your phone is safely backing up all your photos and videos to your Google account. To do this, you’ll need to set everything up in Google Photos. Google Photos offers unlimited high-quality photo backups — and videos up to 1080p — so there’s really no excuse not backup everything. Here’s how: Open Google Photos Open the slide out menu by swiping from the left Tap on Settings Select Back up & sync Tap on the On switch Under the Backup Settings section, you can fine tune and customize your backups: Choose between High quality photo/video backups (unlimited), or original quality (will use up your Google/Gmail/Drive storage) Back up photos Over Cellular (unlimited data plan recommended) or only when connected to WiFi. If you choose to back up photos over cellular, you can also choose whether to back up videos separately over cellular or WiFi. While charging only is a nice option so that backups wont use up precious battery (it also give you time to delete photos/videos before you plug in for the night). Select Choose folders to backup… to pick specific folders you want to also back up (by default, all your camera photos are backed up). Once backed up to Google Photos, all your photos will be stored in the cloud and immediately accessible from all your devices, computers, or other web connected devices. Google Photos also makes it easy to share or collaborate with others, just share the link to an album with whoever you like. Turn off Shortcut keys (or add Quick shot) The LG V20 has a few shortcuts — executed by pressing either the volume up or down keys twice — to quickly access things like Capture+ or your Camera app. You can either keep or turn off each of these features, or add an additional feature for Camera called Quick shot which take a photo immediately after the camera app opens. For me, I know I’ll never use these shortcuts so I turn them off to avoid activating them unintentionally. Here’s where you’ll find the settings: Open the Settings app Scroll down to Shortcut keys Turn both on or off using the toggle switch Optional: turn off/enable Quick shot (which will take a photo immediately upon activating the camera shortcut) Turn off Mini view since it’s not that useful Mini view is another feature that, although handy in some instances, you may want to turn off. Basically, it shrinks the entire UI down to almost a quarter of its normal size, allowing you easily reach buttons or other UI elements with one hand. All you have to do is swipe on the navigation bar to activate it. Since I’ve unintentionally activated more than a few times, I felt like it was better turned off. You’ll find the setting here: Open the Settings app Tap on Display Scroll down to Mini view and tap the toggle switch to turn off Speed up animations for a kicky fast user experience Without question, the LG V20 is one of the fastest smartphones we’ve ever had the pleasure of using. But all those silky smooth animations only get in the way of you and wherever you’re trying to go. To speed things up and make the UI feel more snappy, you can increase the speed of the animations but you’ll first need to activate the LG V20’s hidden Developer options by following these steps: Open the Settings app Scroll down and select About phone Tap Software info Scroll down and tap Build Number 7 times “You are now a developer” message will appear Go back into the main settings and you’ll see a new option: Developer options Then… Open Developer options Scroll down select Window animation and choose .5x Select Transition animation and choose .5x Select Animator duration scale and choose .5x Once you’re all done, go back to the home screen and turn off the display using the power button. Wake your phone to enjoy a speedier, more kicky fast UI. Keep in mind that the setting is persistent, so you don’t have to worry about having to redo anything after a reboot or system update. Be careful when buying glass screen protectors (or avoid them altogether) With the LG V20, I had the pleasure of being one of the first people in the world to get to test the device early. This also means that, when it finally came time to buy the usual accessories online (cases, screen protectors), I was also the guinea pig. With the phone not yet widely available, most accessories are still unproven with little-to-no ratings to help make an informed purchase. When buying a glass screen protector for the phone, I simply opted for the best deal and what seemed to offer the most coverage, but you see — that’s where I royally messed up. The LG V20 has a screen that curves downward on the top of the bottom of the display, something I — nor the manufacturers of this glass screen protector — considered. A screen protector trying to cover most of the glass, including the Second Screen, will need to bend to accommodate, something glass isn’t really good at. The result is a glass screen protector that doesn’t properly adhere to the top and bottom of the display as you can see in the above photo. Browsing some more, it does appear that some glass screen protectors don’t cover the Second Screen or extend too low over the LG logo either. I’m sure those would work a lot better, but I think I’ll wait for more reviews to come out before I rush to buy. Our suggestion? Stick with the plastic film screen protector that already comes pre-installed on the phone. Well, at least for now. Learn how to find a lost or stolen phone It’s something nobody thinks about until it happens, but one of the worst things that could happen to you is having your smartphone lost or stolen. In the event that it does happens, you’ll want to know exactly how to recover your device, or erase any personal information stored therein. Thankfully, Android’s built-in feature called “Android Device Manager” will help you with all of that, you just need to know how to use it. Go to google.com/android/devicemanager Select your phone from the drop-down menu You’ll see the device on a map and a few options for finding it (ring), locking it (if it wasn’t locked already), or erasing all of its contents Read More: How to find a lost or stolen phone Customize your phone with our hand-picked wallpapers Although the LG V20 offers a handful of great wallpapers out of the box, you could always use a few more. If you’re looking for some new ones to plaster over your home screen, you may want to check out Phandroid’s Android Wallpaper series. It’s there you’ll find the best wallpapers — handpicked by us — usually with a different theme. Here are some of our other favorites: Android Wallpaper: 20 Years of 64 Android Wallpaper: The Force Awakens Android Wallpaper: Taken from the HTC 10 Android Wallpaper: Awesome Movie Posters Android Wallpaper: 8-bit Landscapes Android Wallpaper: Low Poly Art Download must-have apps As great as the LG V20 is, it would be pretty boring without apps and games. Here at Phandroid, we are always trying to showcase the best apps and games we come across on Google Play. Before you dive into the Play Store and rummage around, you’ll want to check out these lists first: Start here: 100 Best Android Apps of 2016 | 30+ Best Apps for August | July | June EarlyBird – News for Android Best Android apps for college students 10 Best Android Dating Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android Apps for Kids Best Android Games for 2 Players Phan Favs – best apps selected by readers Join the LG V20 community over at Android Forums We covered a lot of ground here, but we’re only just getting started. There’s always more to learn and sometimes the best place to do it is by chatting it up with others on Android Forums.com. There you’ll find other users and/or prospective buyers sharing their thoughts, experiences, or even concerns they have with the LG V20. It’s the best place to gain some knowledge and although there isn’t much chatter right now, feel free to start your own conversation to get things started: LG V20 forum. local_offer    LG   LG V20   Resources   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading First things to do with Le Pro 3 LG V20 doubles the launch sales of the LG V10 Verizon launches BOGO deal Google Daydream View: Best Tips & Tricks Google Daydream View: First Things You Should Do stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watch Out, Siri and Alexa: Google's New Digital Assistant Is Here 1 minute ago Array 0 Marketer MVPs: 'Stranger Things' Kids Lift Netflix on Twitter and Tumblr 16 minutes ago Array 0 Viceland's Aggressive Global Rollout Starts With U.K. Launch By Emma Hall - 1 hour ago Array 0 Apple Ads Keep Dominating Online Video, but McDonald's Takes Second Place 1 hour ago Array 0 Dentsu's Venture Capital Fund Invests in U.S. VR Sports Startup By Angela Doland - 2 hours ago Array 0 Joss Whedon Rallies a 'Shit-Ton' of Famous People to Stop a 'Racist, Abusive Coward' By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 hours ago 0 Apple Ads Keep Dominating Online Video, but McDonald's Takes Second Place 1 hour ago 0 Dentsu's Venture Capital Fund Invests in U.S. VR Sports Startup By Angela Doland - 2 hours ago 0 TV Season Off to Inauspicious Start as Veteran Series Stumble By Anthony Crupi - 19 hours ago 0 Bacardi Brings Back its Bat in New Campaign By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 Skittles Answers Donald Trump Jr.'s Tweet: 'Skittles Are Candy. Refugees Are People.' By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 How to Not Lose Your Marketing Job to a Machine By Brian Fetherstonhaugh - 2 days ago 0 The Force Is With Females in 'Star Wars' Marketing This Year By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Have Phone Fires Singed Samsung's Reputation or Immolated It? By Beth Snyder Bulik - 2 days ago 0 Taco Bell Throws a Lavish Feast Filled With $1 Food By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Watch Out, Siri and Alexa: Google's New Digital Assistant Is Here Published on September 21, 2016. Reprints Reprints The Google Assistant as it appears in the new Allo messaging app. Credit: Courtesy Google. Google unleashed its digital assistant for the first time, arriving late to the intensifying race among the largest technology companies to create a more personal and lucrative way for computers to interact with humans. The Google Assistant uses artificial intelligence tools, such as voice recognition and natural-language processing, to answer questions and satisfy other requests delivered verbally and in formats such as text messages. The first incarnation is as a digital buddy inside Google's new Allo messaging app, which the Alphabet unit unveiled Wednesday. The assistant will also appear inside Google's Home internet-connected speaker -- expected next month -- in new Android smartphones and in devices such as cars and watches made by other companies, Google executive Nick Fox said. "It is a significant effort across Google and it brings together many teams," Mr. Fox said in an interview in San Francisco. "It's a layer across Google -- the glue that links our existing services and technology together." Related Stories Could This Mysterious Ad Be for Google's New Pixel Phone? Google Injects Machine Learning Into Analytics App Amazon Rolls Out Alexa-Based Connectivity in Hyundai's Genesis Google Goes Up Against FaceTime With New Video Chat App Duo Apple Is Playing Catch-Up to Google as It Enhances Siri, Messages, Maps and More Google is adjusting to a new world in which people interact more often with smartphones and other devices and appliances linked to the internet than with personal computers, and are increasingly speaking to these smaller gadgets instead of typing in commands. There are hundreds of Googlers working on the Assistant, according to one person familiar with the team, and it represents one of the biggest bets by Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai since he took the helm of Google from co-founder Larry Page last year. Google thrived in the PC era by creating a search engine that became the main access point for information on the web. Relevant ads and billions of dollars in profit followed. The mobile revolution has offered opportunities for rivals to challenge that role. Amazon's digital assistant, Alexa, was rolled out in 2014 and is already handling verbal orders and other requests from millions of users of its Echo in-home device. Apple's Siri, introduced in 2011, interacts billions of times a year with people speaking into their iPhones. Microsoft has added its Cortana digital assistant to Windows, and Facebook's Messenger mobile app is building a digital nest for AI-powered assistants. "This is a new gateway to the internet, to advertising, to e-commerce, so market share here is worth trillions of dollars over time to Google and its competitors," said Oren Etzioni, head of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. "Google may like its dominant position on current platforms, but it has to adapt." Even though Google's assistant comes years after some of its rivals' entrants to this field, Mr. Fox said the internet giant has an advantage because useful digital assistants are trained with AI techniques, such as deep learning, that the company has been researching or using for years. On a smartphone, Allo monitors a consumer's texts to suggest appropriate responses, using Google's Smart Reply system. That tool was built a few years ago using thousands of computers arranged in a so-called deep neural network, an AI approach that's yielded big advances. Allo and the Google Assistant will learn what phrases people prefer over time. "If you tend to be an 'LOL'-type person, it will adjust to that," Mr. Fox said. The Assistant relies on other Google technology, including its search engine. Ask it for "News about Hillary," and it will understand this refers to Hillary Clinton and pull information from Google's existing index of websites, Google Images, Google News and its database of entities and objects, called the Knowledge Graph. Google's Assistant also performs tasks that get it into e-commerce territory, taking on Amazon's Alexa. Users will be able to book a restaurant through the assistant and buy tickets to a game or event. Anything that involves getting things done more easily will be addressed over time, Mr. Fox said. Google has nothing planned on the advertising side yet, he added. Advertising Age Player Apps and web services from other companies will be integrated with the Assistant in coming months, Mr. Fox added, citing Priceline Group's OpenTable restaurant-booking business as an example. The Assistant already uses third-party data to answer questions about flights, he said. Google decided to give the Assistant a personality, and it tells jokes when asked. Inside Allo, a text saying "Tell me a joke" produced the following gag: "Did you know that all clouds have dandruff? That's where snowflakes come from." Google didn't give the system a name -- a contrast to Siri, Alexa and Cortana. That's in part because Google designed its assistant to learn and evolve to be a different helper depending on the user. You can say, "My favorite sports team is the San Francisco Giants," and it will reply, "OK I will remember that." Later, when you ask, "What's the latest score for my team?" it will send the score of the latest Giants baseball game, Fox said. This new conversational interface embeds Google further into the private lives of users, and the company has set up a system it hopes will address privacy questions. Conversations with the Google Assistant will be saved to the My Account section of a person's Google account online. This is the way traditional Google searches are saved, and both sets of data can be deleted by users. Chats in the Allo app are encrypted, but Google has keys to untangle that scrambled information so it can use the data to improve its Assistant and provide AI features like Smart Reply. Users can start an "incognito chat" that Google has no way of accessing, Mr. Fox said. This is similar to Google's Chrome web browser, which lets users open a new browsing window in "incognito" mode to avoid the company tracking that activity. Users can start an 'incognito chat' that Google has no way of accessing. Credit: Courtesy Google. Google is aware of the limits of its AI and is trying not to promise too much from the Assistant, at least early on. It won't automatically insert information into chats between friends on Allo, but will occasionally appear to say it has suggestions and wait to be summoned. It will also stay away from value judgments or sensitive subjects such as violent and adult material. In those cases, it will apologize and say it can't answer, or send web results from Google's search engine. When asked in Allo, "Who is better, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?" the assistant supplied a link "From the web" to a comparison of the presidential candidates from a site run by data technology company Graphiq Inc. The system can't currently place an order from Amazon. In Allo, the request "Order me more dog food on Amazon" produced the reply "There might be some info on the web," along with a link to the dog food page on Amazon.com. Still, Google's Assistant already knows its rivals. When asked if it is better than Alexa, the system responded diplomatically. "I like Alexa's blue light. Her voice is nice too." Google Allo includes 25 custom sticker packs. Credit: Courtesy Google. -- Bloomberg News In this article: Digital Digital Video Mobile Search Technology Telecommunications Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue

September 21, 2016 Updated 17:38 GMT Country Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iraq Jordan Kuwait Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria Tunisia United Arab Emirates Yemen ع media facebook twitter google plus youtube rss search Home News In-depth Comment Society Blog searchBox Homepage : Society Breaking News Homepage : Society : Clooneys pledge to educate Syrian children in Lebanon The New Arab Clooneys pledge to educate Syrian children in Lebanon The power couple say a 'lost generation' is at stake [Getty] Date of publication: 21 September, 2016 Share this page: 0 twitter Amal and George Clooney are working to enrol 10,000 children in pop-up schools by next September, teaching them everything from maths to human rights to computer coding, all in English. Tags: Refugee crisis, Syria, Lebanon, UN Amal and George Clooney have joined forces with Google to educate Syrian refugee children in Lebanon. The tech giant has pledged $1 million from its charitable arm Google.org towards the couple’s project, with a goal to enrol thousands of children in school by next September. The Clooneys are starting in Lebanon where 1.5 million Syrians have sought refuge since the 2011 uprising against Bashar al-Assad and some 250,000 children are out of school. "That leads to a horrible outcome a decade from now, a generation from now," George told USA TODAY. "Let's not lose an entire generation of people because they happened to be born in the wrong place at the wrong time." Crisis The actor-turned-activist and the Lebanese-born human rights lawyer are using their celebrity to shine a spotlight on the refugee crisis, which has seen countries neighbouring war-torn Syria such as Lebanon, Jordan and Turkey straining under the burden. As the bloody battle continues, the education gap grows. In 2009, 94 percent of Syrian children were in school, according to the United Nations. Today just four out of 10 Syrian refugee children in Lebanon are enrolled in primary and secondary schools. "We want to get every single out-of-school child in Lebanon an education," said Amal. "My own family left Lebanon when there was a war there, and I couldn't have done any of the work I have done without having been able to have an education." My own family left Lebanon when there was a war there, and I couldn't have done any of the work I have done without having been able to have an education The Clooney Foundation for Justice is working with global education provider SABIS, which has already had success teaching refugees at a school in Lebanon. "We learned about a specific school they built in Mtein in the El Mten region of Lebanon," Amal added. "We started thinking about how do we use this model and make it work at a much bigger scale." Goal Their goal is to enrol 10,000 children in pop-up schools by next September, teaching them everything from maths to human rights to computer coding, all in English. By 2018, they want to enrol 50,000 more. The plan is to launch up to 10 schools in the areas with the highest concentration of refugee children. Google has not only given the project a cash injection, but will be donating its employees’ time, too. "They were a natural partner for us. And, yes, they were very generous,” George said. "But it's their tech support and their ideas about that are going to make the difference for us." Google.org director Jacquelline Fuller said the company will dispatch employees to make sure Syrian refugee children get a good education. "The idea that you would have a quarter million refugee children in a place like Lebanon with half of them not in school – that is an entire generation who could be contributing to society," Fuller said. "This is a cohort of children we need to invest in." The Clooneys’ pledge comes in the week the first UN summit to focus on the refugee crisis takes place in New York. Addressing the UN this week Amal Clooney said she was “ashamed” it had failed to hold the Islamic State group to account for their atrocities, particularly the Yazidi genocide and continued enslavement of women and children, in 2014. Read also: The New Arab Airstrikes pound Aleppo for a third straight day Bombardment pummelled the city of Aleppo for a third straight day following the collapse of a ceasefire, as the UN held crisis talks to try to revive the truce. The New Arab Russia must ground Syria air force, Kerry tells UN In a blistering speech at the United Nations, US Secretary of State John Kerry called for all planes to be grounded in key areas of Syria to save the truce. The New Arab & agencies 'World thirsts for peace', pope tells religious leaders Pope Francis has said that the world 'thirsts for peace' after praying with faith leaders for an end to religious fanaticism and indifference to the plight of war victims. Martin Armstrong A snapshot of life in rebel-held east Aleppo Video: Supplies in rebel-held Aleppo are running low, and with homes destroyed streets have become makeshift abodes. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Read More About About Us Contact Us Careers Archive Multimedia Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Archive Multimedia Home News In-depth Comment Society Blog searchBox All rights reserved 2016 Terms of use
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialAcademiceSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Is AR the future of the VR market? VR's immersive qualities may limit its commercial potential, and AR could be the technology to pick up the slack Matthew Handrahan European Deputy Editor Wednesday 21st September 2016 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share The market for consumer VR market is now in full swing, but despite bullish forecasts from companies with large investments in the space, the rapid emergence of augmented reality technology seems increasingly likely to steal its thunder. At the DICE Europe conference in Barcelona last week, Unity Technologies CMO Clive Downie made a knowingly "bold" prediction: within the next 10 years, the number of people interacting with virtual reality on a daily basis will reach 1 billion. Downie acknowledged that, right now, we're in the "gap of disappointment" with VR, where the installed base is small, and the existing content, while good, is, "nowhere near what we've been promised." Nevertheless, Unity - one of the biggest players in the VR space - is "100% certain" that the technology will have a huge impact on the world. "I think there's going to be a billion people in VR in the next ten years, and that's going to come from mobile" Clive Downie, Unity "Mobile is going to get us closer than ever," Downie said. "No disrespect to the excellent Vive and the excellent Rift... But really, mobile is where the scale is going to be. Back to my point earlier, I think there's going to be a billion people in VR in the next ten years, and that's going to come from mobile." Downie mentioned Google Daydream as a "major unlock" on the way to reaching that dizzying number. This will partly be down to the introduction of a mobile VR controller, but the real catalyst will be a combination of Google's scale and the Android ecosystem. If the average Android user upgrades their phone every five years, Downie argued, there will be 1 billion Daydream ready phones out there at the end of that period. "This is a big deal," he said. "Daydream is a big deal." Downie wasn't the only VR enthusiast to take the stage at DICE Europe, but there was one notable voice for the opposition. Klaas Kersting, CEO of the mobile focused Flaregames, expressed major reservations about the VR market ever growing beyond a niche concern. "VR is very immersive. On the other hand, it's not very social," Kersting said. "You wear something on your head, you filter everything out that's around you... That creates a hurdle to using these devices. Even if the technology gets smaller and more digestible, that will still be there. "Nobody wants to wear several kilos on their head... It's something that will go away with time, but it will take a while. And it will take longer than people think." "VR encloses and immerses the person into an experience that can be really cool but probably has a lower commercial interest over time" Tim Cook, Apple This is particularly relevant to Downie's trojan horse: mobile VR. Many of the qualities that make smartphones such an attractive (and vastly popular) platform for gaming are undermined when a VR headset is involved. Speaking at Casual Connect USA this year, Otherworld Interactive's Andrew Goldstein pointed out that, "mobile VR is much more about VR than it is about mobile. To me, it doesn't feel like a phone game; it feels like a VR game. It's more like Oculus Rift than it's like your cellphone." And if that's the case, it's fair to question just how many of those 1 billion Daydream-ready phones will actually used to sample the delights of virtual reality. However, while Kersting was dismissive of VR specifically, he had a different take on another emerging technology. "There will be something that's more immersive," he said. "There will be something that blends realities - the real world with gaming - but I would guess that it would be more like AR - an AR lens, or AR glasses." The idea that AR devices might eventually supercede VR headsets has been put forward before, not least by Epic's Tim Sweeney, who told the crowd at this year's China Joy that, "AR will be the biggest technological revolution in our lifetimes." The open question for Sweeney was how long VR had before AR hardware made it surplus to the majority of requirements. That may be the window in which platforms like Rift, Vive, Gear VR and Daydream have to overcome the kind of obstacles that Kersting described - some of which are more grounded in social and behavioural norms than the technology itself - and it's a window that may not be open for too much longer. The heavily funded AR startup Magic Leap, for example, has forecasted widespread penetration for its device within the next five years. "AR is the direction that I think is far more interesting and promising - for technology and, really, for humanity" John Hanke, Niantic The eventual primacy of AR over VR is now an increasingly common point-of-view. This week, Apple CEO Tim Cook told Good Morning America America that AR will be "the larger of the two, probably by far," citing similar reasons to Flaregames' Kersting. "Virtual reality sort of encloses and immerses the person into an experience that can be really cool but probably has a lower commercial interest over time," he said. "Less people will be interested in that." Niantic's John Hanke - who, admittedly, has a great deal to gain from AR winning out - expressed a similar opinion on the Recode podcast. "AR is the direction that I think is far more interesting and promising - for technology and, really, for humanity," he said. "In a VR situation, you're isolating yourself from everyone around you and entering this completely virtual space. AR is designed to add, enhance the things you do as a human being: Being outside, socializing with other people, shopping, playing, having fun. "AR can make all those things better." Sign up for The VR & AR newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories The eyes have it: The future of VR input Fove CEO Yuka Kojima discusses how eye-tracking, face-tracking and motion controls will take virtual reality forward By James Batchelor Yesterday HTC announces wireless adaptor for Vive Pre-orders open today for kit which frees the HMD from its tethers By Dan Pearson 5 days ago Latest comments (12) Renaud Charpentier Game Director, The Creative AssemblyA month ago How about none of the 2 as far as gaming is concerned? VR existing in a niche market where it brings real value (Cockpit games) and AR as a wide spread navigator overlay but limited to a few casual gamifications. For a proper gameplay loop to happen for long you need rich input and clear output. VR will always struggle with rich input and AR will always struggle with clear output because of their very nature. That combined to the inevitable physical fatigue to use them and you have platforms that are and will remain incapable of delivering a continuous 2-5 hours tight gaming experience. It wouldn't be the first time, Kinect did work, technically, it just never proved a necessary input method. Interestingly, after a huge success with the WII, where are the next generation Wimote controllers and games? Nowhere, because it was impressive for 10 minutes, fun for 30... then players went back to their mice and pads. My bet: in 10 years the current input and output methods will still vastly dominate the gaming market, it is probably the type of games that will evolve: the contend, not the medium. Edited 1 times. Last edit by Renaud Charpentier on 22nd September 2016 11:26am 7Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Adam Campbell Producer, HopsterA month ago VR enables experiences simply not possible in AR i.e. a completely digital world and viceversa. I don't think one is set to replace the other. 6Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Nick Parker Consultant A month ago I wouldn't like to second guess but we ain't seen nothing yet. Too early to judge winners or losers but both will make a significant impact on gaming in their own ways and at different times. 3Sign inorRegisterto rate and replyShow all comments (12) Jeff Kleist Writer, Marketing, Licensing A month ago I've been saying this for quite awhile. Anything that creates isolation, or forces a singular focus outside of a specific environment strictly intended for it is not going to achieve mass market, and that AR is going to take what we learn from VR and make it big. It's all about putting grandma in the room on Christmas morning. 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Klaus Preisinger Freelance Writing A month ago For decades, the gold standard was getting the game to the customer. Cheaper hardware, new devices and platforms to play on, new emerging markets to capture. I do not think AR fits into that picture quite yet. It turns the old idea of getting the game to more people on its head. No AR game is coming to the player, instead, the player has to get out to meet the game. Not to mention adding a layer to the world through AR lenses that works in both rural and metropolitan areas. 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Todd Weidner Founder, Big Daddy Game StudioA month ago My bet: in 10 years the current input and output methods will still vastly dominate the gaming market, it is probably the type of games that will evolve: the contend, not the medium. I couldn't disagree more, in 10 years I think 2d screens will still be commonplace, but will be considered older obsolete tech. VR and AR are the future, the applications are just to enormous to think otherwise. VR and AR tech will slowly and surely reach into every part of daily lives. Anything that creates isolation..... sure, but I dont get this idea that VR causes isolation. All the millions of people who play MMOS's are they considered isolated in their little apartments? Are we right now isolated typing on the internet, I'm alone sitting in my office, but yet Im not alone am I? VR is just going to open up incredibly new captivating meeting places for people. Facebook gets that, they understand its the future, Im not sure why others still think VR will be isolating. Are you really isolated if you and friends are sitting around a virtual beach talking, laughing and enjoying each others company in real time? Edited 3 times. Last edit by Todd Weidner on 22nd September 2016 2:06pm 1Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Renaud Charpentier Game Director, The Creative AssemblyA month ago 3D TVs anyone? Billions were put behind these, they work, but they never happened... the next evolution for TVs is HDR + 4K still on the "old" 2d screen format. Because a new technology appears and "kind of" work doesn't mean it will prevail as there is a social penetration factor to consider. You look dumb using a VR headset, not cool... and you are alone, isolated, that won't help. Also, for AR, remember the social reaction to Google Glasses? It was literally a punch in the face... We have Skype and humans still take planes to discuss contracts or have final job interviews. 2Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Andrew Goodchild Studying development, Train2GameA month ago If someone is able to create an affordable set up that does both well for reasonable cash, then you have a potential winner. 1Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Ethan Einhorn Director of Marketing, Sidekick VRA month ago @Todd Weidner: I completely agree with Todd on this! Anybody who thinks that VR is inherently isolating has to try Alt Space VR or VTime. Social activity in VR is captivating, because you have a concrete sense of presence that is shared with everybody around you. It makes meeting new people comfortable and fun, and it's a great way to spend time with friends and family who live too far away to see in person. I think both have a big future, and they are so different that they aren't really competing with one another to begin with. 3Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Craig Page El Presidente, Awesome EnterprisesA month ago Why is isolation a bad thing? It helps a lot with immersion. I'll go with AR in places where I could get run over by a car, or walk off a cliff. And VR everywhere else. 3Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Ruben Monteiro Engineer A month ago the next evolution for TVs is HDR + 4K still on the "old" 2d screen format. Really? What's the use case for 4k? The only way to notice the pixels vs 1080p is to stand so close to the TV, you'll ruin your neck trying to watch it. 4k is needed in VR screens, not TVs. and you are alone, isolated, that won't help I always find this argument amusing. Where does this idea come from that VR turns people into anti-social hermits? Have you ever considered that perhaps you don't need to be constantly surrounded by people and interacting 24/7? 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Jeff Kleist Writer, Marketing, Licensing A month ago HDR is the selling point of 4K, not the resolution outside of enthusiasts. As someone who has been involved in 3D for the better part of a decade, anything that creates isolation is a turnoff to the mainstream consumer. That's why they're pushing the secondary monitor/tv output so hard on PSVR. 0Sign inorRegisterto rate and reply Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Ant & Dec News Who is more famous: Ant or Dec? We find out which of the comedy duo is the most talked about We looked at Google searches in the UK over the last five years to answer the question about who has the upper hand when it comes to fame  Share  Comments ByKatie Dickinson 18:00, 21 SEP 2016 Updated18:32, 21 SEP 2016 News Famous Geordie duo Anthony McPartlin (left) and Declan Donnelly (Photo: Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email They are known collectively as the lovable Geordie duo Ant and Dec - but which is most famous? As one of the world’s most famous couples, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt - also known as Brangelina - split, it led to queries about who had the upper hand when it comes to worldwide fame. We looked at Google searches in the UK over the last five years to answer the question about Brad and Angelina - and a range of other celebrity couples and siblings too - including Ant and Dec. It turned out that Angelina is more famous than Brad, Kim more famous than Kanye - and Noel Gallagher significantly more famous than Liam. And when it comes to the famous Geordie duo - Declan Donnelly is TWICE as popular as Anthony McPartlin. Maybe they should change their name to “Dec and Ant”. A search of Google trends data relating to the Geordie duo has revealed that Dec is 100% more famous than Ant. Who's more famous: Ant or Dec? Baffling? Mystifying? Well, not really. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next The fact is Declan Donnelly has lived more of his life in the public domain than his partner-in-crime Anthony McPartlin over the last five years. For instance, peak interested in Dec came in August 2015, when he married his manager Ali Astall in Newcastle. Ant didn’t do that (they do almost everything together, but there have to be limits). Also, while Dec might be 100% more famous than Ant, there are more than twice as many searches for “Ant and Dec” than there are for either of the pair as individuals. The data we used comes from Google trends, looking at the number of times people in the UK have searched for a particular celebrity since September 2011. That number is then averaged out over the five-year period. Read More Ant & Dec's best moments How the pair became friends Dec's wedding highlights Why they love the Sunshine Fund On school bullies Ant on being best man On children's TV presenting Dec's 40th birthday The pair mock Alan Shearer The data therefore only gives an idea of recent fame - or rather, public interest in a particular person. Perhaps that’s why Paul McCartney turns out to be very slightly more famous than John Lennon - or why Charlotte Church is 33% more famous than her ex, Gavin Henson, whose recent rugby career hasn’t been exactly stellar. Here, then are some of the results: Angelina Jolie is 37% more famous than Brad Pitt Interest in Angelina peaked in May 2013 when she revealed that she had a preventive double mastectomy to reduce her risk of developing breast cancer. But the truth is, she has been significantly more ‘searched for’ than her soon-to-be-ex husband for most of the past five years. Kim Kardashian is 133% more famous than Kanye West Kanye has done many things, but he’s never broken the internet. Kim had a decent try in November 2014, with huge worldwide online interest in what was, basically, a picture of her naked backside. Both before and after that, though, she has consistently been more searched-for than Kanye. His popularity peaked in February 2016, with the release of his album The Life of Pablo. But even that was less than half as interesting to the public than Kim’s behind. Noel Gallagher is 75% more famous than Liam Gallagher Other than a couple of weeks in the summer of 2013, the older of the Oasis brothers has been consistently more searched for than the younger over the past five years. Gary Neville is 166% more famous than Phil Neville Gary’s slightly higher-profile - both inside football, and in terms of career as a property developer - has seen him maintain a consistently higher level of fame than his little brother over the past five years. Peak fame for Gary came in December 2015, when he was named coach of Spanish side Valencia. Phil’s was in July 2014, when he was working as a World Cup commentator for the BBC. Serena Williams is 400% more famous than Venus Williams It wasn’t always this way, and Venus was a tennis phenomenon in her own right. But in recent years Serena has streaked ahead to become arguably the greatest woman player of all-time. Interest in both the sisters in the UK peaks every year when Wimbledon comes around. Serena’s most famous moment over the last five years was after the 2016 final, where she defeated Angelique Kerber for her 22nd Grand Slam title. Paul McCartney is 10% more popular than John Lennon While Paul wins the battle of the Beatles in terms of public interest over the past five years, isn’t it remarkable that John runs him so close even though he died way back in 1980? Peak interest in Paul recently came in the summer of 2012, when he performed at the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee concert and Olympic games opening ceremony in June and July. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Ant & Dec Google news all Most Read Most Recent Geordie ShoreGeordie Shore: Two more newcomers join the cast for series 14 as filming continues in Newcastle Sunday night saw new girls Sarah Goodhart, Zahida Allen and Abbie Holborn join the cast but now there's more newcomers Newcastle Crown CourtTeenager had sex with woman before stabbing her partner to death, court told Callum Hackett is accused of murdering David Savage in Gosforth after being asked to leave his house for sleeping with his girlfriend Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Man hit by a bus in Newcastle city centre The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Wednesday's traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East GatesheadSix more arrested in raids as police tackle organised crime in Gateshead Six men were arrested on Wednesday as Northumbria Police continue to tackle suspected organised crime in Gateshead Tyne and Wear MetroMetro investigating after claims announcer used racist language against man on platform Passengers claim an announcer at Wallsend station made an offensive reference to a man's 'own country' while asking him to stop harassing passengers Newcastle Central StationYob jailed for vicious attack on Newcastle taxi driver outside Central Station John Anthony White hurled racist abuse at a taxi passenger outside Central Station before throwing punches at the driver Newcastle City CentreMan taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in Newcastle city centre The ambulance service was called at 5.10pm on Wednesday after reports a man had been struck on Pilgrim Street BlaydonMum's touching tribute to beloved toddler who suffered from rare condition Tonia Sutton, of Blaydon, is raising cash and awareness after her two-year-old daughter Ella, who suffered from Pfeiffer syndrome, died in July SnowdogsHeart-melting Snowdogs story reveals how a Raymond Briggs fan was tempted to escape reclusive life Isolated David Birdsey set target of seeing one sculpture and now has ticked 60 Snowdogs off his list Newcastle Crown CourtTeenager had sex with woman before stabbing her partner to death, court told Callum Hackett is accused of murdering David Savage in Gosforth after being asked to leave his house for sleeping with his girlfriend Most Read Most Recent Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news RECAP: Rolando Aarons suffers serious injury; Shelvey responds to charge All the latest from the Newcastle United camp as Rafa Benitez begins the build-up to Leeds United and Jonjo Shelvey is due to answer an FA charge Jonjo ShelveyJonjo Shelvey FA charge latest: Newcastle midfielder pleads NOT GUILTY to misconduct charge Newcastle United midfielder Jonjo Shelvey has been charged by the FA for allegedly using abusive and insulting words towards an opponent Jonjo ShelveyJonjo Shelvey pleads not guilty to FA charge: Everything we know - and can he play vs Leeds? Newcastle United midfielder Jonjo Shelvey has pleaded not guilty and requested a personal hearing after being cited by the FA Geordie ShoreGeordie Shore: Two more newcomers join the cast for series 14 as filming continues in Newcastle Sunday night saw new girls Sarah Goodhart, Zahida Allen and Abbie Holborn join the cast but now there's more newcomers Newcastle Crown CourtTeenager had sex with woman before stabbing her partner to death, court told Callum Hackett is accused of murdering David Savage in Gosforth after being asked to leave his house for sleeping with his girlfriend Newcastle United FC'Rolando Aarons just can't catch a break' - Newcastle United fans react as winger suffers ACL injury The 21-year-old winger has had rotten luck with injuries and he is likely to miss the rest of the season after rupturing the ACL in his right knee Newcastle Central StationYob jailed for vicious attack on Newcastle taxi driver outside Central Station John Anthony White hurled racist abuse at a taxi passenger outside Central Station before throwing punches at the driver Newcastle City CentreMan taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in Newcastle city centre The ambulance service was called at 5.10pm on Wednesday after reports a man had been struck on Pilgrim Street Sunderland AFCSunderland AFC International Roundup: Mixed fortunes as Watmore finds the net and Khazri sees red Six Sunderland stars were looking to impress David Moyes away from Wearside but it's fair to say they achieved mixed results EnergyDonald Trump presidency will not wreck planet, North East experts say Donald Trump's stance on climate change has worried environmentalists, but there are limits on how he can change policy Top Stories Newcastle Crown CourtTeenager had sex with woman before stabbing her partner to death, court told Callum Hackett is accused of murdering David Savage in Gosforth after being asked to leave his house for sleeping with his girlfriend BlaydonMum's touching tribute to beloved toddler who suffered from rare condition Tonia Sutton, of Blaydon, is raising cash and awareness after her two-year-old daughter Ella, who suffered from Pfeiffer syndrome, died in July EconomyLook ahead, take a deep breath and make the steps to scale up your business North East businessman Graham Robb on why one-person operations should look to become the employers the region needs Newcastle City CentreMan taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in Newcastle city centre The ambulance service was called at 5.10pm on Wednesday after reports a man had been struck on Pilgrim Street Jonjo ShelveyJonjo Shelvey pleads not guilty to FA charge: Everything we know - and can he play vs Leeds? Newcastle United midfielder Jonjo Shelvey has pleaded not guilty and requested a personal hearing after being cited by the FA Newcastle Central StationYob jailed for vicious attack on Newcastle taxi driver outside Central Station John Anthony White hurled racist abuse at a taxi passenger outside Central Station before throwing punches at the driver SnowdogsHeart-melting Snowdogs story reveals how a Raymond Briggs fan was tempted to escape reclusive life Isolated David Birdsey set target of seeing one sculpture and now has ticked 60 Snowdogs off his list Employment£145m North East fund that could create 3,500 jobs is signed The Jeremie 2 fund could help 600 businesses and help create around 2,500 jobs in the next five years Low FellHow these miracle twins were saved by keyhole surgery in the womb At her 20 week scan Emma Glozier was told her babies were suffering with potentially fatal twin to twin transfusion syndrome MorpethWoman fighting for her life after falling from a horse near Morpeth The Great North Air Ambulance was called at around 11am on Wednesday after reports a woman was badly injured Newcastle City CouncilNewcastle parks to be handed to charity after funding crisis which has left them dirty and run down Newcastle City Council admits grass isn't cut and rubbish is left around bins, but it has a plan to revive its parks Rolando AaronsNewcastle United injury blow: Promising youngster suffers yet another setback Rafa Benitez's Newcastle United may be performing well on the field, but this international break has not been kind to them off it News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Music/ The Best Free Music Download Sites The Best Free Music Download Sites By Evan Dashevsky September 21, 2016 10 Comments Don't want to stream it or pay for it? We've got your back. At the turn of the millennium, the once-mighty music industry suffered a devastating collapse at the hands of digital technology. Ever since The Great Unraveling, musicians have been forced to find alternative means to make ends meet, be it staring a small business, selling breakfast cereals, or judging talent competitions. Sad! Thankfully, cloud-based music-streaming services like Spotify came along to fix the broken industry and make sure musicians get the financial compensation they deserve (or something). But streaming services aren't a perfect solution. For example, sometimes a network won't be available—maybe you're underground in a tunnel or the zombie apocalypse has commenced and you're without any tunes. Well, fear not, music-less wonder, there are plenty of places you can go to download songs to your local devices so you'll have access to them at all times. But what is this, you say? You don't want to pay for music? Good on you! Live that frugal lifestyle since it's only a matter of time before most humans lose the ability to make a living in an economy run by increasingly capable robots. Thankfully, there are a number of (legal) platforms out there where you can still find all manner of free music to download. Here are just a few. The Internet Archive Like the fictional "watchers" from Buffy the Vampire, the Internet Archive observes and records the Web as it changes over time. However, you might not be aware that it is also home to a vast virtual bounty of free media, including audio. If you head over to the site's audio archive, you'll find a rich library of downloadable and streamable sounds ranging from music to audio books to recordings of old timey radio programs. For music fans, the most intriguing audio section will probably be the Live Music Archive, which was put together in partnership with etree.org. Here, you will find a deep collection of live tracks from "trade-friendly artists" (i.e. jam bands) like the Grateful Dead, String Cheese Incident, and Blues Traveler. Click on each collection and you'll find "download options" section in the right-hand rail. Last.fm Even if you don't use last.fm, you're probably at least somewhat aware that it offers music streaming. But even those who do use it may not be aware that it boasts a constantly updated repository of free downloadable audio goodies. Just check out its free music download section to see what's currently available. And the best part? It's all free and even accessible to non-subscribers. Last.fm don't care! Just download and forget 'em. SoundCloud Against much bigger competition, scrappy little SoundCloud has become a major streaming music force, including its own subscription-based a la carte streaming service, SoundCloud Go. The free SoundCloud platform has become a favorite of independent artists and big names as a means to distribute music. Not everything on the site is downloadable, however many tracks can be grabbed. All you have to do is sign in (which you can do with an email address or via your Google or Facebook accounts). Free Music Archive I don't know if you were able to discern it from the site's name, but you can find a bevy of free music (almost a whole archive) to stream or download over at the Free Music Archive. Here you'll find a library of startlingly high-fidelity tunes "directed" by free-form indie radio station WFMU. The site has several curator sections if you are into a particular tastemaker's suggestions, or you can search by genre. All free, no sign-in required. Go nuts! Google Play Google Play wants so badly to be a sprawling virtual media store and not just the place where Android users go to download free apps. Did you even know you could buy ebooks, emagazines, and even actual physical hardware (via the "Devices" tab) on Google Play? While Google appears to have let up on trying to make the subscription-based Google Play Music happen, it is still maintaining its pay-to-download music store (UPDATE: A Google representative emailed me to say "Our Google Play Music subscription offering continues to be very important to us." Indeed, the Play Music subscription-based a la carte service is still very much available.) Even after Apple killed its "Free on iTunes" promotion with the release of Apple Music, Google Play still offers free songs—you just have to dig a little. Click on over to Google Play's music store, and search "free music " in the search bar at the top. (Ignore the entry for 1970s British classic rock outfit, Free at the top of the search results—underneath that you'll find a rich bevy of free albums and songs.) At the time of writing, I found a free EP by the Foo fighters and some free tunes from The Ramones, Shakira, Miles Davis, and Dave Matthews band. Note: You won't be able to download these tunes directly to your local device as far as I can tell, but you can listen to them whenever you want online by going to Google Play > Music > My Music > Music Library or by going to the Google Play app on your Android device (no subscription required). Amazon You'll need an account to download these mp3s, but Amazon is full of free stuff. Just click "Departments" on the Amazon home page and Deals under "Digital & Prime Music." On the left, you'll see sections for free songs and free albums. Jamendo Jamendo is a similar platform to SoundCloud in that it caters to independent artists and their fans. The site allows artists to easily upload tunes and share them directly with fans—mostly for gratis. You can search by genre or artist to sort through the huge library of tunes available to download in mp3 format. It also has themed radio stations if you need a good starting place. NoiseTrade NoiseTrade differentiates itself from other download platforms geared for independent artists in that it asks listeners to trade something in return for downloads. In particular, you trade your email or street address (or Facebook account) to that artist in return for free tunes. In theory it's a symbiotic relationship since they want that info to let you know about upcoming releases or tour dates (which you, as a fan, would love to have). Fans even have the ability to leave a "suggested tip" with an artist—you know, compensating them using actual money. Crazy, right? Musopen Is public domain classical music your jam? Well then Musopen is the free-to-download service for YOU. You can search by composer, performer, instrument, period, or form. All music is royalty free, so this is a good source for videographers and music teachers. Our Google Play Music subscription offering continues to be very important to us, Back to top Previous : Which Podcasts Should I Listen To? By Evan Dashevsky Features Editor Evan Dashevsky is a features editor with PCMag. He can usually be found listening to blisteringly loud noises on his headphones while exploring the nexus between tech, culture, and politics. Follow his thought sneezes over on the Twitter (@haldash) and slightly more in-depth diatribin' over on the Facebook. More » More Stories by Evan Why T-Mobile's CEO Could Beat Donald Trump in 2020 Trump created the template. All you need is an executive with a boisterous personality and social me... More » Don't Blame Facebook for Fake News If you fall for nonsense articles in your Facebook feed, don't blame Facebook. It's your fault for n... More » How to Watch the Presidential Election Results Online It's Election Day in America, and you have a number of ways to watch live election coverage online. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech Amazon 'pushes customers towards more expensive products with automated suggestions' A customer would pay 20 per cent more on average if they bought what appeared in the 'buy box' Shehab Khan @shehabkhan Wednesday 21 September 2016 17:05 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Amazon says its algorithms consider many things beyond price Getty Images Amazon’s algorithms push customers towards more expensive products, according to a new report. An investigation looking at 250 products over several weeks found that three-quarters of the time Amazon’s own products appeared in the buy box. A customer would pay 20 per cent more on average if they bought what appeared in the buy box, instead of the same products at the lowest price on the platform, according to ProPublica. Read more Morrisons profits rise for first time in four years thanks to price cuts and Amazon Amazon Echo UK release date: New speaker to make your house talk to you on sale now ahead of launch Amazon releases Echo speaker across the UK and Germany, letting people talk to their house Amazon and Starbucks 'pay less tax than Austrian sausage stall', says country's chancellor Amazon told the researchers that the algorithms are complex and consider many different factors. "Vast selection, world-class service and fast, free delivery," a spokesperson told engadget. In total 94 per cent of sellers chosen for the buy box who did not have the cheapest product were either sold by companies paying Amazon or by Amazon itself. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 40 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/40 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 2/40 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 3/40 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 4/40 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 5/40 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 6/40 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 7/40 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 8/40 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 9/40 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 10/40 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 11/40 Visitors look at television monitors by Samsung Electronics during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 12/40 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 13/40 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 14/40 Visitors experience Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge devices during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 15/40 A woman looks at the Apple iPhone 7 at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 16/40 People buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 17/40 People wait in line to buy new iPhone models at a telecom shop in Seoul, South Korea Getty 18/40 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 19/40 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 20/40 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 21/40 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 22/40 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 23/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 24/40 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 25/40 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 26/40 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 27/40 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA 28/40 Flight Simulator In recent months, computer specialists of the project MV-IT systems have built a Boeing 737-800 cockpit and reconstructed part of the cabin with 15 seats. The simulator will be officially opened on October 19, 2016 and able to 'land' at over 20,000 airfields in different weather conditions and at all times and seasons EPA 29/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch GAME Digital 30/40 PlayStation VR An elated customer at the launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 31/40 PlayStation VR Customers wait in line to buy the Sony PlayStation virtual reality (PSVR) headset at the entrance of an electronics retail shop before its opening hours in Tokyo Getty 32/40 PlayStation VR The launch of PlayStation VR at the GAME Digital Westfield White City midnight launch. GAME Digital 33/40 PlayStation VR Customers make a line to buy Sony PlayStation's virtual reality (PSVR) headset at an electronics retail shop in Tokyo Getty 34/40 Samsung Note 7 returns Customers return their Samsung Note 7 mobile phones at a dealership in Seoul, South Korea Getty 35/40 Samsung Note 7 returns An employee checks exchanged Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 at company's headquarters in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 36/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods Technicians look at data as a driverless pod is tested in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 37/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods The driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 38/40 LUTZ Pathfinder pods A journalist operates a driverless pod during testing in Milton Keynes, Britain Reuters 39/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities Eric Anselmo wearing an electrode skull cap as he trains with team members for the brain-computer interface (BCI) race competition of the first Cybathlon event in St-Sulpice near Lausanne, Switzerland EPA 40/40 CYBATHLON Championship for Athletes with Disabilities During the brain-computer interface (BCI) race, paraplegic pilots control their avatars in a computer game through special brain-to-computer interfaces EPA Amazon said the algorithm focuses on products where shipping costs do not apply. “With Prime and Super Saver Shipping (which requires no membership and ships orders above $49 for free), the vast majority of our items ordered – 9 out of 10 – can ship for free. The sorting algorithms the article refers to are designed for that 90% of items ordered, where shipping costs do not apply,” An Amazon spokesperson said.  More about: Amazon Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
liverpoolechoLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Liverpool News Traffic and Travel Crime Hillsborough Celebs Business Education Politics Nostalgia Real Lives Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's on Latest What's on Things to do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife The Beatles Arts & Culture Film Theatre Shopping TravelExpand Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs In Your Area Liverpool Knowsley Wirral Sefton Runcorn & Widnes St Helens See all locationsExpand Sport Latest Sport Liverpool FC Everton FC Tranmere Rovers FC Boxing Rugby League Cricket Football Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Business Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Public Notices Flights Merseyshop Book an Ad Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside Home News Showbiz News The Beatles News Internet reveals most famous Beatle Google data shows whose name has been searched for more  Share  Comments BySophie McCoid 18:00, 21 SEP 2016 Updated18:00, 21 SEP 2016 News Northern premiere of The Beatles film A Hard Day's Night. Paul McCartney and John Lennon pictured on the way to the premiere in Liverpool in July 1964  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The Beatles are all infamous in their own right, but data from Google has shown who the most searched for member is among the British public. The data from Google trends looks at the number of times people have searched for a particular celebrity since September 2011 and the results are illuminating. So who is more famous? Paul McCartney or John Lennon? Well according to the internet McCartney is 10% more popular than Lennon. Beatles Paul wins the battle of the Beatles in terms of public interest, but John runs him close even though he died way back in 1980. Read More Liverpool premiere for Beatles film Eight Days a Week Peak interest in Paul recently came in the summer of 2012, when he performed at the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee concert and Olympic games opening ceremony in June and July. The data also reveals that Angelina Jolie is 37% more famous than Brad Pitt. Brangelina Interest in Angelina peaked in May 2013 when she revealed that she had a preventive double mastectomy to reduce her risk of developing breast cancer. But the truth is, she has been significantly more ‘searched for’ than her soon-to-be-ex husband for most of the past five years. The statistics are sure to enrage Kayne West as his wife Kim Kardashian is 133% more famous. Kimye Kanye has done many things, but he’s never broken the internet. Kim had a decent try in November 2014, with huge worldwide online interest in what was, basically, a picture of her naked backside. Both before and after that, though, she has consistently been more searched-for than Kanye. His popularity peaked in February 2016, with the release of his album The Life of Pablo. But even that was less than half as interesting to the public than Kim’s behind. They may be arguably one of the most famous A list couples, but David Beckham is 109% more famous than his wife Victoria. Beckham's In fact there has been only one week in the last five years when Victoria was more searched-for than David - 10-16 July 2016. That was when pictures emerged of her kissing her daughter on the lips, which sparked a huge online debate. David’s peak recent fame came when he was setting up a proposed new Miami-based football team in America. Read More The Beatles Beatles lyrics quiz Beatles statue unveiled on waterfront How much are they worth to Liverpool? 50th anniversary of Revolver Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @LivEchonews Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Charlotte Church David Beckham Kanye West Paul McCartney The Kardashians Victoria Beckham Google John Lennon The Beatles news all Most Read Most Recent CrimeLewis Dunne murder: CCTV shows the violence which led to teen's tragic death Gang warfare caused killers to shoot an innocent teenager Lewis Dunne'No remorse' - Lewis Dunne's killers face minimum of 88 years behind bars Jake Culshaw and Paul Martin, both 26, each face life with a minimum of 30 years, while John Martin, 20, face a 28 year minimum term Lewis DunneLewis Dunne murder sentencing: three handed 88 years minimum in jail over teen's killing Jake Culshaw, Paul Martin and John Martin found guilty of murdering Lewis by the Leeds-Liverpool canal Lewis DunneThree drug dealers GUILTY of Lewis Dunne murder year and a day since shooting Jake Culshaw, 26, John Martin, 20, and his brother Paul Martin, 26, face life behind bars over brutal, senseless shooting of 16-year-old victim CrimeMan fighting for life after suspected arson attack Victim found in the road with burn injuries near to his flat WavertreeVideo shows “squealing” rats running around KFC bins KFC said the rats were the result of a separate development and nothing to do with their restaurant FormbyChannel 4 features Formby as part of new TV show Britain at Low Tide The show starts this weekend HillsboroughNorman Bettison's controversial book Hillsborough Untold will go on sale tomorrow Book released despite ongoing criminal probe into disaster and its aftermath West KirbyWatch as West Kirby road goes underwater due to 'supermoon high tides' Monday's supermoon is thought to have brought high tides and some flooding WirralDad blackmailed and sexually abused girl after discovering her naked Snapchat pics Craig Boniface molested victim during “Frosty nights” – named after Frosty Jack’s cider he plied her with Most Read Most Recent Liverpool FCLiverpool news and transfer rumours RE-CAP: Reds handed Lallana scare, Spurs linked with Sturridge All the latest news and views from Anfield Liverpool FCWhat Klopp could do if Adam Lallana misses out for Liverpool at Southampton In-form midfielder facing spell on sidelines - but how might Reds boss replace him this weekend? Liverpool FCTwo games in 48 hours? Liverpool and Klopp dealt New Year fixture list blow Reds will play two games in less than 48 hours as Premier League reject appeal CrimeLewis Dunne murder: CCTV shows the violence which led to teen's tragic death Gang warfare caused killers to shoot an innocent teenager Liverpool FCLiverpool and Hertha Berlin could share 125th birthday celebrations Bundesliga outfit hoping Klopp will agree to a friendly double-header WavertreeVideo shows “squealing” rats running around KFC bins KFC said the rats were the result of a separate development and nothing to do with their restaurant England Football TeamLiverpool legend Didi Hamann backs Gareth Southgate for England manager's job Southgate took over the role on a caretaker basis after Sam Allardyce's sacking in October FormbyChannel 4 features Formby as part of new TV show Britain at Low Tide The show starts this weekend HillsboroughNorman Bettison's controversial book Hillsborough Untold will go on sale tomorrow Book released despite ongoing criminal probe into disaster and its aftermath Everton FCEverton teen Jonjoe Kenny itching to impress Koeman Blues full-back wants to stay put rather than go on loan again Top Stories CourtsWhat led to "wholly innocent" teen losing his life to gang violence? Was it a case of mistaken identity... or rage? WirralDad blackmailed and sexually abused girl after discovering her naked Snapchat pics Craig Boniface molested victim during “Frosty nights” – named after Frosty Jack’s cider he plied her with WavertreeVideo shows “squealing” rats running around KFC bins KFC said the rats were the result of a separate development and nothing to do with their restaurant NHSThe great NHS shake-up: Why is it necessary and what does it mean for you? We spoke to a senior NHS boss about plans that could lead to A&E downgrades and hospital mergers across Merseyside PrescotResident tells of shock after suspected arson attack They were making a cup of tea when they 'heard someone shouting help' Liverpool FCWhat Klopp could do if Adam Lallana misses out for Liverpool at Southampton In-form midfielder facing spell on sidelines - but how might Reds boss replace him this weekend? Everton FCEverton teen Jonjoe Kenny itching to impress Koeman Blues full-back wants to stay put rather than go on loan again Everton FCEverton: The players Koeman missed out on at Southampton? A look back to the targets that slipped through Koeman's net Loris KariusKarius - Liverpool are top and the League table doesn't lie Reds keeper speaks of the dream of making stay at top of the table a lengthy one Everton FCEverton WON'T sell Henen in January despite links to Lille Under-23 players mid-way through three year contract at Goodison Adam LallanaAdam Lallana gives Liverpool anxious wait after being substituted for England with injury Lallana off but Henderson and Clyne manage 90 in England's 2-2 draw against Spain          Everton FCEverton to host scouting summit as Steve Walsh plots transfer strategy Exclusive: Blues director of football to holds talks with recruitment team this weekend News What's on Sport In Your Area Liverpool FC Everton FC Celebs Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Our RSS feeds Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2016 Trinity Mirror Merseyside This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
About FAQ Web Hosting Store Email List T-Shirts Stickers Advertise Contact Laughing Squid A daily dose of unique art, culture and technology from around the world. Google Launches Allo, A New Smart Messaging App That Lets Users Express Themselves by Glen Tickle at 1:12 pm on September 21, 2016 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Google has launched Allo, a new smart messaging app that lets users express themselves through adjustable text, images, and emoji. The app also includes a preview version of Google Assistant that help users find information from Google and its services. All messages within the app use industry standard encryption, and for added security users can take advantage of Incognito mode similar to Google’s Chrome browser. Today, we’re releasing Google Allo, a new smart messaging app for Android and iOS that helps you say more and do more right in your chats. Google Allo can help you make plans, find information, and express yourself more easily in chat. And the more you use it, the more it improves over time. Google outlined the details and features of the app in an official blog post. About these ads Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Related Laughing Squid Posts ← Mario and Luigi Try to Save the Princess in a Live-Action Version of Super Mario Galaxy Crafting with Feminism, A Wonderfully Quirky Book of Fun Female-Positive Projects by Bonnie Burton →              Host Your WordPress Blog With Laughing Squid This Week’s Popular Posts The International Space Station Passes in Front of the Supermoon in a Carefully Timed Image View From a GoPro Mounted on the End of an Arrow A Tiny Hamster Wears a Tiny Cast to Help Heal His Tiny Broken Arm Cat Has a Horrified Reaction To Smelling Another Cat's Fart After Sniffing Its Butt 5 Simple Tests To Find Out How Unique You Are New in the Laughing Squid Store Laughing Squid by Email Subscribe to Laughing Squid and receive a daily email of our blog posts. Advertise your product or service on Laughing Squid with a sponsored blog post.           Laughing Squid is powered by Laughing Squid Web Hosting, WordPress.com VIP and coffee. © 1995-2016 Laughing Squid LLC, all rights reserved. Laughing Squid Privacy Policy Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets e-classifieds sector to treble to $1.2 b by 2020: Google-KPMG report Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Will be driven by e-services, real estate and automobile industries New Delhi, September 21:   The next phase of growth of digital classifieds will be driven by the rapid growth of e-services, real estate, and automobiles, which will lead the classified industry to grow three-fold to $1.2 billion by 2020. Highlighting the growth opportunity for the digital classifieds industry in India, Google and KPMG on Wednesday launched a report, ‘Digital Classifieds in India 2020’, that outlines the next phase of growth of digital classifieds. While the rapid growth will be driven by e-services, real estate and automobiles, horizontal classifieds will still continue to lead with about 30 per cent market share of total digital classifieds in 2020. “The eco-system is ripe for the emergence of digital classifieds. “Spurred by the smartphone penetration, online users are expected to grow to a whopping 650 million by 2020, and with every second consumer willing to pay for value added services, the digital classified segment is expected to touch $1.2 billion by 2020,” said Nitin Bawankule, Industry Director, Google India.Search trends Google search trends reveal that local searches across these categories have grown four-fold in the last four years, led by non-metros such as Pune, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kochi, Coimbatore, Indore and Jaipur, the report said. “Real estate and e-services are expected to increase by 4X and 7X, respectively, by 2020. “Within the e-services classifieds vertical dining, auto rentals, relocation services and home services like beauty services, repair, tutoring, personal trainers are the most popular segments,” it said. Online jobs market is set to double by 2020 with 63 per cent consumers accessing e-classified. Bengaluru, Mumbai, NCR and Hyderabad are the top ranked cities for online job searches and with ‘Sarkari Naukri’ as one of the top searched Indic terms, it said.Consumers’ preference The report further highlights that the digital-savvy consumer is happy to pay for value added services. For instance, 59 per cent of used goods buyers are willing to pay for quality verification of goods or home delivery; 43 per cent of job portal users are willing to pay for auto application for jobs and 40 per cent of consumers searching for real estate are ready to invest more for legal verification and property check. “As the digital classified segment undergoes a rapid transformation it is facing a few challenges like unverified listings and low customer loyalty,” said Sreedhar Prasad, Partner – e-Commerce and Start Ups, KPMG India. Convergence likely However, it is expected that there will be convergence of online businesses since the end customer is the same, thus, a high possibility of e-tailing, e-services and digital classifieds coming together as a strong one-stop value proposition in the coming years, he said. “This would further enhance revenue streams, monetising possibilities and reduce the overall cost of customer acquisition,” he added. (This article was published on September 21, 2016) Related TOPICS advertising and marketing | advertising | computing and information technology | e-commerce and e-business | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED WhatsApp launches video calling feature Intel bets big on India for data-centre business RCom hives off M2M division Nasscom cuts growth estimate to 8-10% Google launches photo scanning app Bharti Airtel completes merger of Bangladesh arm with Robi Axiata ah!Ventures exits from Entropy Innovations, its second profitable exit in two years Vodafone loss doubles to $ 5.5 bn due to India write-down Snapdeal set to sell own products, too Alibaba cautious on India strategy, weighs options LATEST NEWS Shipping Corp posts ₹20-cr loss 1 hr. 46 min. ago Kanara Chamber opposes awarding multipurpose berth to PPP operator, suggests alternatives 1 hr. 49 min. ago Bengal govt warms up to mining firms 1 hr. 54 min. ago Mamata submits memorandum to President on note ban crisis 2 hr. 15 min. ago Mercury seen trending up over North-West India from weekend 2 hr. 20 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech GE Aviation unveils configuration data exchange to optimise maintenance GE Aviation has launched Configuration Data Exchange (CDE) for aviation industry to drive asset productivity and maintenance optimisati... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan This Google Maps update makes it easier for Android users to find the way A new shining 'direction beam' will point you in the right direction. By Steve Ranger | September 21, 2016 -- 10:56 GMT (03:56 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Google's new compass icon. Image: Google One of the most frustrating things about using the maps app on a smartphone is knowing where you are -- but not being sure in which direction you're facing. Google Maps: Update brings smoother, better-looking Street View Google has rolled out a new renderer for Maps that improves Street View on mobile and the desktop. Read More Google may have made finding out a little easier with an update to its Google Maps for Android: the update replaces the previous direction arrow on the blue dot that represents your position with a shining blue beam. "Think of it as a flashlight guiding your travels," said Google comfortingly. The beam, as well as showing direction, also shows how accurate the phone's direction data is at any given time: the narrower the beam, the more accurate the direction. If the beam is wider, it suggests that the phone compass is uncalibrated and the sensors aren't working as they should. That might be because the phone is being charged or the phone is close to a large metal object like a pole -- something that's pretty hard to avoid while walking through a city. To re-calibrate the compass sensors, Google recommends moving the phone in a figure-of-eight motion a few times. "This should immediately result in a more accurate direction," said Google Maps product manager Raja Ayyagari. More on Google Forget single platform iMessage: Google releases Allo smart messaging app for Android and iOS Google acquires location-based analytics firm Urban Engines Google Trips: This iOS, Android app gives you all your travel data plus offline access TechRepublic:Business travelers: Use Google Maps 'areas of interest' to find cool stuff in new cities CNET: Google Allo review Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud AWS rolls out SaaS subscriptions on the AWS Marketplace Enterprise Software Microsoft's Linux love affair leads it to join The Linux Foundation Enterprise Software ​Slack Enterprise coming early 2017, aims to make sprawl manageable Enterprise Software Firefox 50.0 arrives for Windows, Mac, Linux, and Android, adds new features × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Networking AT&T to deliver gigabit wireless internet on power lines with new Project AirGig A new project from AT&T is experimenting with delivering wireless internet with gigabit speeds on power lines. Project AirGig is expected to start field trials in 2017. By Conner Forrest | September 21, 2016, 8:46 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: AT&T Project AirGig, a new initiative from AT&T unveiled Tuesday, could one day bring multi-gigabit wireless internet to your home, piggybacked on an existing piece of city infrastructure—power lines. While still merely an experiment, an AT&T blog post said it will be "easier to deploy than fiber," and that they are seeing positive test results. The technology comes from AT&T's innovation arm, AT&T Labs. AT&T's post said that the firm has more than 100 patents locked down for AirGig, and it's potential that it could extend beyond the US into other countries. "The results we've seen from our outdoor labs testing have been encouraging, especially as you think about where we're heading in a 5G world," John Donovan, chief strategy officer and group president for Technology and Operations at AT&T, said in the blog post. "To that end, we're looking at the right global location to trial this new technology next year." SEE: Google's Fiber lottery: Predicting who's next and how Google picks winners Project AirGig relies on modulated radio signal sent "around or near medium-voltage power lines," the post said. Since there's no need to tap into the electrical connection in the power line, it could deliver these speeds to more areas, including, as noted by AT&T in its post, "underserved parts of the world." This new technology also leverages new antennas, designed by AT&T, that would sit on top of the power lines and help deliver the signal. "As part of Project AirGig, AT&T Labs invented low-cost plastic antennas and devices located along the power line to regenerate millimeter wave (mmWave) signals that can be used for 4G LTE and 5G multi-gigabit mobile and fixed deployments," the post said. More about Networking Gartner's 10 big trends that will change how IT operates How to deploy a Samba domain controller in under 10 minutes Real-world server room nightmares Subscribe to TechRepublic's Data Center Trends newsletter AT&T also pointed out that it believes this technology could help foster the growth of the smart grid and related applications, and could help with service issues. However, the bigger deal here is that this project, if successful, could potentially solve many of the problems associated with gigabit internet. Most people are familiar with gigabit internet through efforts like Google Fiber or Verizon FiOS. The problem is that many of these business units rely on access to physical fiber optic cable. That means that, when seeking to deploy in a new city that doesn't have existing fiber infrastructure, companies like Google or Verizon need to hang or bury new cable to provide the service. This gets especially tricky when individual fiber needs to be delivered to each home. "Project AirGig delivers this last-mile access without any new fiber-to-the-home and it is flexible enough to be configured with small cells or distributed antenna systems," the post said. "No need to build new towers. No need to bury new cables in the ground." So, AT&T could save time and money in its gigabit deployments with this new technology. However, other companies have caught on. Starry, for example, launched its bid to deliver gigabit internet over the air in January, and in August, Google looked to boost its wireless broadband efforts. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers AT&T Project AirGig uses power lines to deliver gigabit wireless internet, which could boost the firm's deployments of high speed internet. Project AirGig relies on new antennas that sit on top of the power lines and do not require any extra burying or hanging of fiber optic cable. Other companies have looked to wireless gigabit recently, including Google and Starry. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Tech News You Can Use newsletter. Subscribe Also see Gigabit internet over the air is coming (TechRepublic) NBN and Nokia trialling XG-FAST for multi-gigabit speeds on copper (ZDNet) Google looks to boost last mile Fiber efforts with wireless broadband (TechRepublic) One gigabit 4G: The coming of LTE Advanced (ZDNet) Researchers double throughput of long-distance fiber optics (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google's Jigsaw subsidiary is building open source AI tools to spot trolls The Verge 9/21/2016 James Vincent © Provided by The Verge Can Google bring peace to the web with machine learning? Jigsaw, a subsidiary of parent company Alphabet is certainly trying, building open source AI tools designed to filter out abusive language. A new feature from Wired describes how the software has been trained on some 17 million comments left underneath New York Times stories, along with 13,000 discussions on Wikipedia pages. This data is labeled and then fed into the software — called Conversation AI — which begins to learn what bad comments look like. Quotes in the article New York Times Co NYT ▼ 12.20 -0.05 -0.41% According to the report, Google says Conversation AI can identify abuse with "more than 92 percent certainty and a 10 percent false-positive rate" when compared to the judgments of a human panel. However,when Wired's Andy Greenberg tested the tools out himself, the results are not completely convincing: My own hands-on test of Conversation AI comes one summer afternoon in Jigsaw’s office, when the group’s engineers show me a prototype and invite me to come up with a sample of verbal filth for it to analyze. Wincing, I suggest the first ambiguously abusive and misogynist phrase that comes to mind: “What’s up, bitch?” Adams types in the sentence and clicks Score. Conversation AI instantly rates it a 63 out of 100 on the attack scale. Then, for contrast, Adams shows me the results of a more clearly vicious phrase: “You are such a bitch.” It rates a 96. In fact, Conversation AI’s algorithm goes on to make impressively subtle distinctions. Pluralizing my trashy greeting to “What’s up bitches?” drops the attack score to 45. Add a smiling emoji and it falls to 39. So far, so good. But later, after I’ve left Google’s office, I open the Conversation AI prototype in the privacy of my apartment and try out the worst phrase that had haunted [journalist] Sarah Jeong: “I’m going to rip each one of her hairs out and twist her tits clear off.” It rates an attack score of 10, a glaring oversight. Swapping out “her” for “your” boosts it to a 62. Conversation AI likely hasn’t yet been taught that threats don’t have to be addressed directly at a victim to have their intended effect. The algorithm, it seems, still has some lessons to learn. Later in the piece, Greenberg notes that he was also able to fool Conversation AI with a number of false-positives. The phrase "I shit you not" got an attack score of 98 out of 100, while "you suck all the fun out of life" scored the same. With this in mind it seems that asking Conversation AI to filter comments, deleting those it believes to be abusive without human oversight, would be a mistake. Nevertheless, Wired's reports that Wikimedia is considering how it might use the tool, while the Times "plans to make" Conversation AI the first line of defense on its comments. The software will also be open source to let any web developers adopt it. Censorious overreach of this sort isn't a new phenomenon. Website block lists, for example, used to stop web users accessing illegal or inappropriate content regularly come under criticism for inadvertently blocking critical information, like sites on sexual health. Adding machine learning to the mix doesn't automatically solve these problems, and in fact, it might exacerbate them by encouraging unfounded confidence. The results from real-life tests of Conversation AI will have to be watched carefully. In the meantime, you can check out the full story from Wired here. Go to MSN Home More in Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From The Verge Square Enix wants to turn cult classic Nier into something much bigger The Verge The Stelvio is a Ferrari SUV with an Alfa Romeo badge The Verge China to Trump: Why are you blaming us for climate change? The Verge Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC The Verge The Verge View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
ReleaseWire Sign Up Login Services Distribution NewsWire MediaWire SBWire Engagement CRM Connect Publisher For Journalists Journalists Center Process Create Distribute Analyze Respond Newsroom Press Releases Multimedia Help About BestCompany.com Email Alerts| RSS BestCompany.com Disrupting the Payday Loan Market by Shedding Light on Business Practices Now consumers have a voice and an advocate in an otherwise predatory industry   Pleasant Grove, UT -- (ReleaseWire) -- 09/21/2016 --For years, the payday loan industry has maintained unethical business practices that have trapped American consumers in an endless cycle of debt—robbing them of their hard-earned money. The problem became so widespread and systemic in fact, that the industry has a whole eventually forced search engine giant Google to take action: in May 2015, Google made the landmark announcement that it would ban ads for products with high APRs (36% or higher) and short repayment terms (60 days or less). According to Google, "research has shown that these loans can result in unaffordable payments and high default rates for users, so we will be updating our policies globally to reflect that." Even though this AdWords policy change will result in the loss of advertising revenue for Google, the company's executives felt it was a moral issue that needed to be addressed. Nevertheless, payday loan companies have found an another way to reach prospective customers by marketing their services through traditional mail advertising. The influx of mail fillers making their way to the American consumer has resulted in a surge of online searches. Consumers want more information on these payday loan companies and the services they offer. More specifically, consumers are interested in the reputation of specific payday loan companies and what former customers had to say about their experience. But until recently, no such online resource existed; there was no outlet for borrowers to share their experiences and help others steer clear of untrustworthy businesses. Enter BestCompany.com, a review site that independently and objectively ranks and reviews companies spanning hundreds of industries. In an effort to help consumers, BestCompany.com strives to provide the best solutions for all consumers—including potential payday loan customers. Understanding that the payday loan market has been notoriously flooded with companies known to take advantage of customers, BestCompany.com faces the unique and difficult challenge of creating value and presenting clarity to everyday people in a place where those two qualities have never before existed. The site holds all companies accountable by championing ethical and transparent industry standards, and rating companies in relation to those standards. "We are excited for the opportunity to help people navigate their way through the payday loan industry," says Chase Sagum, Chief Marketing Officer for BestCompany.com. "Through expert analysis, data-driven research, and feedback from real customers, we have developed a crucial source of information that we're sure will help close the knowledge gap for those considering obtaining a loan through a payday provider." Thousands of consumers flock to BestCompany.com daily just to read up on information regarding these payday loan companies. It's a platform where consumers can read unbiased expert reviews, and share their opinions and experiences, creating a voice that was previously silenced by a predatory industry. These customer reviews and testimonials shed light on which payday loan companies are doing business the right way, and which are not. After conducting thorough research and gathering responses from actual clients, the BestCompany.com team has concluded with overwhelming confidence that LendUp is one of the few payday loan companies that is doing things the right way. LendUp's APRs are by far the lowest among the reviewed companies. And LendUp's APR rates range from 300 to 500 percent—significantly less than the industry average of 700 to 1,200 percent. "I've never had an issues with them [LendUp]," Jonathan Sandi, a customer from Chicago IL, stated in his review on BestCompany.com. "I have done about five loans with them . . . they're flexible with your situation. I'd totally recommend it." While the payday loan market has created the ultimate challenge for the BestCompany.com review platform, data suggests that the product is helping thousands of people make wise purchasing decisions each and every day. About BestCompany.com BestCompany.com is an unbiased consumer resource that has reviewed and ranked thousands of companies spanning over one hundred industries. The review site's mission is to empower everyday consumers to make better decisions, and raise standards among the companies it reviews. Media Relations Contact Chase Sagum Chief Marketing Officer BestCompany.com 801-899-0023 Email | Web | Profile Follow BestCompany.com   BestCompany.com - Logo   Site Preview: Visit Full Site Close Preview   Source: BestCompany.com Posted Wednesday, September 21, 2016 at 12:00 PM CDT - Permalink   For information regarding the content of this press release please contact the media relations contact listed above directly. Security Policy | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Report Abuse Copyright © 2005 - 2016 - ReleaseWire LLC All Rights Reserved - Important Disclaimer Try it now with OnDemand

null
null
null
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Privacy Why People Are Up In Arms Over Google’s New Messaging App Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Privacy Why People Are Up In Arms Over Google’s New Messaging App Every conversation is stored on Google’s new app by default. by Maya KosoffSeptember 21, 2016 12:44 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Justin Sullivan/Getty Images. When Google first announced its new artificial intelligence-powered Allo messaging app—intended to be an improvement over its many previous attempts at messaging, including Hangouts, Gchat, and Wave—it was lauded as a major step forward for consumer privacy. Allo’s messages would be encrypted, and an Incognito Mode option would offer end-to-end encryption. (Perhaps Google took a cue from Facebook, which added complete end-to-end encryption on WhatsApp messages earlier this year, just after Apple’s tussle with the F.B.I. over privacy.) Allo would also offer expiring messages, a la Snapchat and the Mark Cuban-founded disappearing-message platform Cyber Dust. If that sounded too good to privacy buffs to be true, it was. Back in May, when Allo was announced, Google said that instead of holding onto users’ conversations forever, Allo would only retain them “transiently” and anonymously. But when Allo made its public debut Wednesday, it turned out there is a catch. Users must opt in to Allo’s Incognito Mode if they don’t want their messages stored automatically by the app. By default, Allo stores messages until a user later deletes them, so Google has full access to a user’s conversation history. Only by opting to activate Incognito Mode are users’ conversations encrypted end-to-end. Otherwise, all Allo messages are only encrypted between a device using Allo and Google’s own servers—meaning that Google can access them (this is also true for other Google messaging services Hangouts and Gmail) and, if ordered to do so, easily hand them over to law enforcement. If you’re concerned about privacy, the defaults can be changed, but privacy doesn’t come standard. And going Incognito will also disable access to Google’s new artificial-intelligence assistant, which requires that messages get sent without encryption so that it can parse user conversations to provide contextual support. Google’s change of heart since May, The Verge reports, is the result of being forced to find a compromise between privacy and improved machine learning. Because A.I. platforms like Google Assistant tend to work best with a slew of user data, it behooves Google to permanently store messages and conversations, even at the cost of immediate user privacy. “We’ve given users transparency and control over their data in Google Allo. And our approach is simple–your chat history is saved for you until you choose to delete it,” Google said in a statement. “You can delete single messages or entire conversations in Allo. We also provide the option to chat in Incognito Mode, where messages are end-to-end encrypted and you can set a timer to automatically delete messages for your device and the person you’re chatting with’s device at a set time.” The bigger implication of changes to Allo’s encryption and conversation storage go back to the decidedly non-hypothetical confrontation between Apple and the F.B.I. earlier this year. The tech giant and the government agency had a showdown after a federal judge issued a court order that would require Apple to allow the F.B.I. to access encrypted data on an iPhone 5C used by one of the shooters in last year’s San Bernardino terrorist attack. Eventually, the F.B.I. withdrew its case against Apple and enlisted the help of professional hackers to break into the iPhone, instead. Apple C.E.O. Tim Cook said his company refused to cooperate because doing so would set a troubling legal precedent for tech companies. Installing encryption by default—as WhatsApp did earlier this year, and as users can elect to do on Allo—is one way for consumers to maintain their privacy and thwart law enforcement, for now. Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK The Clinton Foundation Is Reportedly Laying Off Dozens of PeopleBY ABIGAIL TRACY Why Netflix’s Big New Announcement Should Worry HBOBY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Featured/Gallery Apps Google Allo hands-on: Is Assistant a big enough reason to switch? By Brandon Russell | September 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo After months of waiting, Google on Wednesday (the last day of summer) finally released Allo, the search giant’s brand new messaging service. Oh God, not another one. With messaging apps becoming the predominant way smartphone users communicate, there’s yet another option in a sea of already-established options. So why should you care about Allo? First thing’s first: Allo works on both Android and iPhone. That’s opposed to something like, say, iMessage, which only works in Apple’s own ecosystem. But it’s worth noting that Allo doesn’t work on a computer, so you can’t use it in the browser like you can Hangouts. You have to choose one phone and one phone only, so choose wisely. When you first set Allo up, it’ll ask for access to things like your contacts, location, camera, and more. You’ll also be asked to enter your phone number and then verify that with an access code. Because Allo is tied to only one device, it uses your phone number as a way to register for the service. You can always unregister your phone number if you decide you stop using Allo (or you start using another number). Something that I completely understand might give users pause, especially if you feel uncomfortable with Google having your information, is that Allo isn’t quite as private as Google originally lead on. When Allo was first introduced, Google said messages would only be stored on its servers temporarily. But it turns out that’s not the case; Google will have full access to your conversations until you manually delete them. Apps such as WhatsApp turn on encryption by default, so Allo might not even be considered by people who value their privacy. If you can get beyond the possible privacy implications, Allo becomes pretty straightforward after everything is setup. Your first conversation will start with Google Assistant, which is a major part of the Allo experience. Basically, Assistant is like having search in every single one of your conversations. Want to know the weather? Ask Assistant. Want to find a nearby restaurant? Assistant has suggestions. The more you talk to Assistant, the more it learns about you. Tell it your favorite sports team, and you can simply ask, “How’d my team do?” and Assistant will show you results. After each query, small suggestion bubbles will pop up showing you what you can ask to continue carrying on the conversation. These suggestion bubbles also act as easy ways to reply to friends and family without you actually having to type. Like the smart reply feature in Google Inbox, Allo will provide contextual suggestions based on what’s being said in the conversation. Google is also using this feature to make responding to pictures easier than ever. If someone sends a cute baby photo, a suggestion bubble of “awwww” might pop up. Yes, Google’s artificial intelligence is basically speaking for you, but it’s all in the name of convenience. In addition to learning things about you based on your conversations, Assistant also knows information like flights from Gmail, calendar appointments, and more. Give it your location and Assistant will know what restaurants are nearby, too. So far, my chat experience with Assistant has been pretty straightforward and apparently the AI will continue to improve. That’s likely the main reason Google is keeping conversations on its servers, to give Assistant more freakish natural language understanding. Every time you do ask Assistant a question, you can give it a thumbs up or thumbs down depending on how accurate its response was. Give it a thumbs up and things will proceed as normal. Give it a thumbs down and Assistant will ask how it can improve. So, basically, Assistant’s capabilities are on your hands. Beyond its Assistant superpowers, Allo has pretty much nailed the basics of messaging. There are stickers (both animated and not) and you can change the size of text to get your point across, a little like Apple’s recent additions to iMessage. You can even doodle on pictures before sending them to friends and family. Other than that, Allo doesn’t stand out in any appreciable way beyond Assistant, which is admittedly a really cool feature, especially if you don’t mind Google knowing everything about you. I can see Assistant being a really useful tool when planning outings with friends and family, helping everyone find a time and place to eat, or find a cool museum to visit. There’s also an Incognito Mode, as mentioned above, where your messages are encrypted end-to-end. Of course, Assistant isn’t available in this mode, so there’s a trade-off. But if you do use Incognito Mode, not only are conversations encrypted, you can set your messages to expire, which sounds like something from Mission: Impossible. Allo is certainly more powerful than something like Hangouts, and infinitely more fun to use. But with dozens of solid messaging applications already on the market, Google faces an uphill battle in getting people to switch. If you’re comfortable with Google knowing what you say and who you say it to, Allo’s Assistant becomes a big reason why the search giant’s new service is worth checking out. But without the ability to reply to messages on desktop and tying the service to a single device, Google’s not making it easy for people to hop on board. It remains to be seen whether Google will make Allo the default messaging application on Android but with a mobile-focused event planned for next month, we’ll find out soon enough. If you want to give Allo a go, it’s available now for Android and iPhone. Topics #Google #Google Allo Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Toggle navigation Site Sharring Options Facebook Page Instagram Page Twitter Page Vine Page Youtube Page Pinterest Page RSS Feed Newsletter Signup Search Gadget Magazine Home Facebook Page Instagram Page Twitter Page Vine Page Youtube Page Pinterest Page RSS Feed Newsletter Signup News Reviews Tutorials Features How To More Our Magazine Subscribe Digital Editions Back Issues Our Brand About Advertise Contact Newsletter Subscription Offers Search for: Features Fresher Tech: Uni Gear Guide 2016 Must-have kit to work hard, play hard and survive your first year of university Sharing Options Share on Facebook Share Twitter Plus one on Google Plus Save on Stumble Upon Pin on Pintrest Share on Reddit By Aiden Dalby By Aiden Dalby in Features 2 months ago Acer Chromebook 14   Unlike college and secondary school where you relied heavily on dusty textbooks and notebooks to get through your studies, you have more freedom in how you learn at university. Depending on the type of lecturer you have, you’re usually free to bring a laptop into classes to take down notes. So you’ll want to consider getting a decent note-taking machine, but it doesn’t have to break the bank. Chromebooks are a option if you want to save money when buying a laptop, although what you have to consider is the fact they’re very different to MacBooks or Windows models. They use Google’s proprietary Chrome OS and predominantly function by being connected to the internet. Most of the device’s applications are cloud-based. If the mandatory Wi-Fi connection doesn’t bother you, then have a look at the Acer Chromebook 14. It’s one of the best Chrome devices you can get, offering you access to all Google’s cloud features in a sleek form and costing a little over £200. Sleek and stylish, it offers a 14-inch HD display, a 16GB hard drive and an Intel Celeron processor. The Chromebook 14 costs £240/$300. For more information, visit acer.com   Libratone Too While learning is important when you’re a student, university life is also about having fun. If you’re shipping off to do a degree this year, then you ought to get excited and prepared for the bustle and madness of Fresher’s Week. It’s an opportune time to get to know other students and make friends for the year ahead. And, as you may have gathered, there are going to be a load of house parties. Should you want to plan one of your own – perhaps to show off your organisational skills and awesome music taste – you’re going to need a good speaker to keep the atmosphere alive. The Libratone Too is one of the best speakers you can get. Costing a little over £100, it’ll easily connect up to your phone via Bluetooth, offers 12 hours of battery life and is splashproof. The Libratone Too costs £110/$150. For more information, visit libratone.com   Aerobie AeroPress A good coffee boost will almost be essential to helping you finish off those dreadful assignments early in the morning. And although you’re a student, that’s not to say you can only drink awful instant coffee. The AeroPress from Aerobie lets you make barista-grade coffee from the comfort of your own home. Easy to use and with a press time of 20 seconds, the coffee maker uses a uniform extraction method for the best coffee taste. It can make between one and three cups of American-style coffee per use, and you can buy a nylon pouch to carry it in. The Aerobie AeroPress costs £30/$35. For more information, visit aerobie.com   Olympus WS-852   Taking notes in lectures is hard. Unless the lecturer speaks as slow as a snail moves around, then you’re going to have a hard time jotting down every word they say. Well, no worries, as that’s what voice recorders are for. The Olympus WS-852 has 4GB of internal storage, 1040 hours of recording time, smart audio tracking and a retractable USB stick. The Olympus WS-852 costs £40/$50. For more information, visit olympus.com   Tefal Toast N’ Egg Although leaving home and moving into student accommodation is a fun and memorable experience, it’s also a lot of hard work. All of a sudden, you have to be an adult. You don’t have your parents to pick up after you anymore, and it’s down to you to ensure you survive. They certainly won’t be around to make you an omelette or sandwich when you’re hungry, or a hangover cure. Cooking is probably the hardest thing to get to grips with once you’ve moved away from the luxury of your parents’ cooking, unless you’re a seasoned chef. But it doesn’t have to be too tough. This is why devices like Tefal’s Toast N’ Egg were created, and you should make the most of them when you’re living the hectic lifestyle of a university student. It’s an affordable two-slice toaster and egg maker, and is perfect for student houses. There are two slots for toast, muffins and bagels, along with a steamer for hard-boiling or poaching eggs. The Tefal Toast N’ Egg costs £35/$45. For more information, visit tefal.co.uk   Kindle Paperwhite One of the banes of being a student is the amount of old, dusty books you have to carry around with you. Want to avoid this? Then get yourself a Kindle Paperwhite. The latest model features a six-inch high-resolution screen, Wi-Fi and a built-in light so you can read books in the dark. The Kinkle Paperwhite costs £110/$120. For more information, visit amazon.com   STM Haven Backpack You’ll probably be carrying a laptop and a load of books around with you at uni, so a good bag is essential. The Haven backpack from STM Bags is affordable and high- quality at the same time. It offers a dedicated laptop section with a protection mechanism that keeps it off the floor of the bag, as well as a separate iPad pocket and cable routing system to stop your cables from tangling. The bag also has a cushioned back panel to ensure your valuables are always protected, as well as a central air channel and 3D foam cores. The STM Haven Backpack costs £75/$95. For more information, visit stmbags.com   MiniStation Slim You’re going to be juggling a plethora of different files at university, such as notes, essays, photos and videos. Unless you buy a secure hard drive, you risk losing everything. MiniStation Slim from Buffalo Technology is a lightweight and stylish portable drive, available in 1TB or 2TB capacity versions. Because it uses USB 3.0, as opposed to the more common USB 2.0, files will transfer much faster. It’ll work with most current and next- generation notebooks, and has been preformatted for Mac and PC. You can get the drive in silver, black or red. The MiniStation Slim costs £55/$70. For more information, visit buffalo-technology.com   iKettle The morning after a big night out can be tough, but a quick cuppa is often a balm for even the worst hangover. But this requires the willpower to climb out of bed and actually make it. This is why you’ll need the iKettle. With a tap of your phone, you can get it to boil from wherever you are in your house. You can even set it to boil for a particular time. The iKettle costs £100/$130. For more information, visit smarter.am   Ethernet Adaptor   Living in a house full of other students means you may not always have the luxury of a stable internet connection. But you can fix this issue with TP Link’s gigabit Ethernet adaptor, which will let you create you own personal stable internet connection. It works with the latest versions of Mac OS and sports a foldable design and plugs into a USB slot. The ethernet adaptor costs £15/$20. For more information, visit tp-link.com Tags: acer, amazon, Chromebook, ereader, Ethernet, guide, kindle, laptop, music, olympus, student, uni, university Share on Facebook Share Twitter Plus one on Google Plus Save on Stumble Upon Pin on Pintrest Share on Reddit On sale today Buy Online Subscribe Now View Digital Editions ×Close Hello again! Fancy keeping up to date with all the latest gadgets and tech? Why don't you sign up to our monthly newsletter? Great Offers Regular competitions Access to exclusive content NO SPAM Tech info Big discounts on Imagine products First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Are you also intrested in... Technology Science History Wildlife Photography Creativity Games Sci-Fi Join us Imagine Publishing Richmond House 33 Richmond Hill Bournemouth Dorset BH2 6EZ +44(0)1202 586200 enquiries@imagine-publishing.co.uk About Imagine About Us Advertise Contact Us Jobs Subscriptions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imagine Publishing ImagineShop ImagineSubs ImagineBookShop GreatDigitalMags FileSilo Technology 3D Artist Advanced Photoshop Android Magazine Gadget iCreate Linux User & Developer Photoshop Creative Total 911 Web Designer Videogames games™ NowGamer Play Retro Gamer X-ONE Knowledge / Science All About History All About Space How it Works History of War Real Crime Daily World of Animals Photography Digital Photographer Photography for Beginners Copyright © 2005 - 2015 Imagine Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Registered company: 5374037 (England) | VAT No: 997 3331 76 Directors: Damian Butt, Marco Peroni, Aaron Asadi, James Hanbury Download digital editions Buy Imagine products online ×
null
null
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content November 16, 2016 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Community News | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Lifestyles > Lifestyles Breaking News > Google's Allo chat app is clever - just not all that smart Lifestyles Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Google's Allo chat app is clever - just not all that smart By: Anick Jesdanun, The Associated Press Wednesday, Sep. 21, 2016 at 11:10 AM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error NEW YORK - Google wants to add a middleman to your mobile chats — a personal virtual assistant who's not shy about interjecting itself into the conversation. The new Allo app promises to be "smart," sort of. Its Google Assistant will butt in with restaurant recommendations when someone types, "Want to get sushi?" It can also send daily updates on weather and sports and will also suggest replies to your friends' messages. The idea is to keep the conversation flowing, so you don't have to constantly leave Allo to look up something else. Google is releasing the free chat app Wednesday, just a week after Apple updated its own Messages app with the iOS 10 software update . Messages works on iPhones and iPads, while Allo will work for iPhones and Android phones, but not tablets. Do you really need another chat app? Here's more on Allo to help you decide. ___ SMART REPLIES Allo can help cut down on typing on small screens by suggesting replies based on context. If a friend asks how you're doing, you can tap "Good tnx." Allo preserves chatting shortcuts such as "u'' for "you." Apple offers something similar on its smartwatch, but not phones or tablets. Allo will also analyze photos to suggest replies such as "beautiful smile" or "the skyline looks great!" — at least for photos with smiles or skylines. Remember that this is software, so its suggestions won't always make sense. Of course, you're free to type your own response. Sending a computer-generated reply to a friend can feel, well, deceptive. Worse, it might make your friend wonder if your response is genuine. And having the suggestions appear in oval bubbles in the chat can make it seem as though a stranger has joined the chat (though you can shut out Google by enabling incognito mode). ___ PERSONAL ASSISTANT When you're chatting with someone, you're often making plans. Google Assistant can retrieve information on nearby restaurants, movie times and even the weather. Everyone in the chat will see the Assistant's replies and can weigh in on the choices. In some cases, Google Assistant will even anticipate your needs, such as when someone's asking about getting sushi. An oval bubble appears with an offer to retrieve nearby sushi restaurants. After choosing one, you can tap for opening hours, directions or the menu. Reservations aren't available yet, though Google is considering third-party integrations such as OpenTable for dinner and Airbnb for accommodations. Apple's Messages doesn't invoke the Siri virtual assistant the same way, but it already offers integration with third-party apps so that you can make plans (and reservations) while chatting. Beyond planning, Google Assistant can give you the latest news and sports scores, translate phrases or do math calculations. Asking for directions will bring up Google Maps. ___ LIMITED SMARTS The app's intelligence still feels, well, limited. Though Google Assistant is an evolution of the Google Now feature that has long been on phones, it doesn't do as much as Google Now in terms of identifying patterns or checking other Google services. For instance, if a friend asks you when your flight leaves, Allo won't try to suggest a reply, even though Google has your calendar. Likewise, Google Assistant won't automatically offer traffic conditions or transit schedules for your regular commute the way Google Now does. You can request daily updates on the weather, news and sports. But you can't get automatic updates whenever the score changes or a game ends. Google calls its Assistant a preview. Following its debut on Allo, it will arrive on a smart speaker called Google Home this fall. ___ EXPRESSIONS Plain text is boring, so Allo features a slider that can make your messages and emojis larger or smaller. You can send one of hundreds of virtual stickers specifically designed for Allo. Apple's Messages app has a variation on this. You can make a message "loud," such that the chat bubble briefly gets larger. Or make it "gentle" and appear in small text. Sticker packs are also available through a new app store within Messages. One problem with both of these apps is that your friends need to be using the same app to see the desired effect. Google will send text messages to non-Allo friends, but without the special effects. Apple Messages will add notations such as "sent with Loud Effect" to those on Android or older versions of Messages. ___ TOO MANY APPS? Beyond making its Assistant smarter, Google will need to persuade people they need yet another chat app, something that could be tough given that Google already offers four of them. Google's Hangouts text and video calling service will be targeted at business users. Allo is the consumer offering, but won't offer video calling. That's where the Duo app comes in. And while Allo accounts are based on your phone number, not your Google ID, you can't use Allo to receive regular texts. On Android, Google has Messenger for that. ___ AP Technology Writers Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay in San Francisco contributed to this story. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Lifestyles Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Brandon daycare centre closed due to mould in limbo Good deed leads to Noble encounter Four years for deadly rollover Teen tweeted to ISIS supporters: "Strike from within" Westman teen apologizes for promoting terror Water protectors gather at BU to show solidarity with Dakota pipeline opposition CFIB report raises red flags over municipal labour costs in Brandon Residents weigh in on road risks if pot is legalized ACC president, wife pledge $50K to college's foundation Cartwright cowgirl captures Miss Rodeo Canada crown Babysitter recuperating after being stabbed Snapchat pic points to teen driver clocked at 232 km/h Good deed leads to Noble encounter Trafficking probe led to drugs stashed at local church Is it the flu or a carbon monoxide leak? Police looking for help after pedestrian killed on highway Four years for deadly rollover Robinson makes mark in rare start Brandon daycare centre closed due to mould in limbo Brandon police track suspect who robbed taxi with knife Police investigate body found in east end of Brandon Police to provide details on major drug op Soldier saves choking baby in Brandon store Brandon man, 27, killed in highway collision Escaped inmate caught by Brandon police Police link big drug bust to shootings Babysitter recuperating after being stabbed Brandonite killed in crash remembered for positivity, devotion to family BPS linked 10th Street shooting to ordered hit dispute Online plea leads to surgery after woman spends month in Brandon hospital Today | Week | Month Sun project earns EPPY Award nominations Woman arrested after fight One dog killed, one injured in beating Sun interview shines on Caitlin Munn Illegal cigarette use rising in Manitoba: report Four CEYS workers receive layoff notices Devastated woman left waiting for treatment as new diagnosis needed Today | Week | Month Visit to Rodney Strong a mind-blowing experience Snapchat pic points to teen driver clocked at 232 km/h Neighbours rally to curb illegal moose hunting Sun shines on Val Hutsal Doctor shortage factor in Melita ER closure in December Four years for deadly rollover Daley thrilled to wear Maple Leaf Police link big drug bust to shootings Lives lost at Brandon residential school honoured Virdenite hailed as a hero for pulling hurt man away from railway tracks City selling rec centre property to developer for $860K Gap between elites and the rest of us keeps growing Where Are They Now: Chartier has no regrets about style of play Cory joining family in baseball Hall of Fame Nurses reunite to celebrate 100 years of public health nursing in Manitoba Brandon-area raids deal blow to drug trade Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2016 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's plan to put its Siri competitor everywhere starts now Steve Kovach Sep. 21, 2016, 12:20 PM 6,138 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Google Home speaker, which is expected to launch this fall. YouTube Google wasn't the first to build a digital assistant, but it did it better than anyone else. Back in 2012, Google launched Google Now, an intelligent service that dug deep into Google's trove of data called the Knowledge Graph to bring you the information you needed when you needed it. It was clear that Google Now was already ahead of Siri, which launched the previous year on the iPhone 4s. This week, the next evolution of Google Now made its debut in Allo, Google's new messaging app for Android and iPhone. It's called Google Assistant, which Google first showed off at the I/O developers conference in June. But that's just the first step. Next month, Google is expected to announce the final details for Google Home, the connected speaker that has Google Assistant inside. Think of it as Google's answer to the popular Amazon Echo speaker. Home will be Google's major push for Assistant, and Google's Nick Fox told Bloomberg that it'll eventually expand into phones, smartwatches, and cars. Google's vision is to have Assistant with you everywhere, not just on your phone. Until that happens though, you can get a good idea where it's heading with Allo. In addition to all the standard messaging features you'd expect — texts, voice memos, stickers, and photos — Allo has the new Google Assistant built in to guide your conversations. For example, if you're making plans to meet a friend for dinner, Assistant can make suggestions within your chat conversation and help you book a reservation. If you're talking about sports, Assistant can give you an update on the game's score or your favorite team's ranking.  You can also start a chat directly with Assistant and get personalized information, like top news headlines or weather alerts, delivered daily to your Allo app. The Allo app has Google Assistant built in. Google/Business Insider The possibilities are endless, but Google's goal is to have Assistant constantly working in the background, interjecting when needed. We have a good breakdown of what it can do right here. Assistant is still learning though. After testing it through Allo, there were a few occassions where Assistant misunderstood what I wanted. Luckily, it does give you the option to provide feedback — with a cutesy thumbs-up or thumbs-down emoji — and tell it what it did wrong. Google says this feedback will help Assistant improve over time. Then there are the privacy concerns. In Allo, Assistant is constantly reading your messages so it can provide you with suggestions for what to type or search for. The idea of an AI reading private communications is likely to turn off a lot of users. Some are even suggesting you don't use Allo at all. Allo does have a private Incognito mode that disables Assistant, but that also kills the one thing that makes the app unique from other chat apps.  So it's a bit of paradox. Assistant is poised to become a super-smart AI helper, better than anything rivals like Apple or Microsoft have come up with so far. And soon it'll inside your home, phone, and car. But at the same time, you have to give up a piece of yourself to make those features truly useful.   SEE ALSO: The Apple Watch is finally showing signs of improvement NOW WATCH: How to see everything Google knows about you Loading video... More: Google Google Assistant Siri Allo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's plan to put its Siri competitor everywhere starts now Google's plan to put its Siri competitor everywhere starts now Google wasn't the first to build a digital... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
ITBusiness.ca | Business Advantage Through Technology Follow Us Follow @itbusinessca Like us on FacebookContact Us G+ RSS Search for: Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content ITBusiness.ca Menu CMO Digital HR Mobile Operations Leadership Security Tutorials Finance Sports Blogs Events Videos Slideshows Mobility Privacy Ed Snowden warns against using Google’s new chat app Allo Brian Jackson @brianjjackson Published: September 21st, 2016 Google Allo, the new chat app launched today on iOS and Android that inserts AI into your conversations, is the equivalent of state surveillance and should be avoided, according to whistleblower Edward Snowden. The ex-NSA contractor made a series of Tweets on Wednesday morning about Allo’s policies to store user messages and advised followers to not use the new application. What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 At the heart of Snowden’s criticism of Allo is a reversal of Google’s message retention policy, according to The Verge, the publication Snowden links to in his tweet. When the app was unveiled by Google earlier this summer, Eric Kay, director of engineering of communications products at Google, told The Verge that all messages would only be stored on Google’s servers temporarily, and not stored. But now it’s clear that only messages made in “incognito mode” will be deleted off Google’s servers, and the default of normal messages will see them stored. That leaves them open to be retrieved by police via a warrant, or possibly a simple request made to Google. Google said that storing conversations helps its machine learning algorithms learn how to be more helpful in conversations. One of the main functions of the chat app is to include Google search results – such as for sports scores, or local restaurants – and have all the participants in the chat see them and talk about them. Allo also uses its AI to give you suggested replies to messages. Google’s animated GIF illustrates this feature: When asked for a response to Snowden’s assertions on Wednesday morning, Google provided ITBusiness.ca with this statement: “We’ve given users transparency and control over their data in Google Allo. And our approach is simple — your chat history is saved for you until you choose to delete it. You can delete single messages or entire conversations in Allo. We also provide the option to chat in Incognito mode, where messages are end-to-end encrypted and you can set a timer to automatically delete messages on your device, and the recipient’s, at a set time.” Google publishes an annual transparency report, detailing how often governments and courts ask it to provide user data. In the last six months of 2015, 60 requests were made of Google in Canada for information and some data was provided as a result of those requests in 52 per cent of cases, according to the latest report. The most requests for user information are made in the U.S., where Google also provides some data on the number of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act requests it receives, though the data is released after a six-month delay and in a range of 500. Between January and June of 2015, Google says it received 0-500 “non-content requests” under this act, and between 500-999 “content” requests. Snowden lives in Russia and is a U.S. fugitive after he revealed classified information about NSA surveillance programs that included PRISM, which accessed user content held by Google, among other major tech brands. Snowden is also the subject of Oliver Stone-directed major motion picture Snowden, which was released in theatres this month. Aside from warning users away from Allo this morning on Twitter, he offered endorsements for a couple of other communications apps: Use Tor. Use Signal. https://t.co/VLvBsbVHKs — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016   Post to Twitter Post to Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share with Google+ More Articles Toronto startup's hyperloop technology makes a splash at Berlin trade show New BlackBerry phone leaked in website publishing misfire Mobility, Privacy Allo, android, Edward Snowden, Google, iOS, PRISM, surveillance About Brian Jackson Editorial director of IT World Canada. Covering technology as it applies to business users. Multiple COPA award winner and now judge. Paddles a canoe as much as possible. Follow Follow @brianjjackson on Twitter Facebook Join Brian Jackson on LinkedIn Brian Jackson on Gooogle+ Website PageBooks - A collection of articles chosen by our editors and compiled into a magazine format designed for our readers. The marketing landscape of 2014: What digital marketers need to know Search Websites ITWC.ca IT World Canada.com Computer Dealer News.com Direction Informatique.com Publications CSO Digital CanadianCIO Computer Dealer News Computing Canada Community About Us Contact Us Subscribe Social Media Tech Videos Tech News Tech Blogs Tech Slideshows Tech Events CMO Digital Find Follow Produced By: © 2016 ITBusiness.ca
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 9 of the coolest things Google’s new Assistant can do in Allo Jacob Siegal BGR NewsSeptember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Because there weren't enough chat applications in the world already, Google launched a new one this week called Allo. Google actually unveiled Allo (a messaging app) and Duo (a video calling app) at Google I/O in May, but just hours ago, Allo finally made its way to the App Store on iOS and Google Play on Android. "What's the big deal?" you might ask. "It's just another chat app, right?" DON'T MISS: 7 ways Apple’s iPhone 7 is much better than any Samsung phone Yes and no. Although Allo is at its core a chat app in the vein of WhatsApp, Kik and other popular messengers, it also happens to be the first home of the Google Assistant. This intelligent AI can help answer questions, make plans, share content and more, and all you have to do is type "@google" in any conversation to call it up. There are countless tasks you can accomplish with the Assistant in Allo, but below, we've gathered a few of the best for you to try out when you download the app: Book a flight google-assitant-flightsMore Start a conversation with the Google Assistant and say something along the lines of "I need to fly to [a destination]." Providing you've given the Assistant access to your location, it will immediately pull up a list of upcoming flight from your location to the destination you asked about, along with ticket prices. Set a reminder Tell the Assistant to remind you to go to a meeting tomorrow at 2PM, and you'll receive a notification that a reminder has been set for that time. Find a restaurant google-assistant-restaurantMore Can't decide where to get lunch? Tell the Assistant "I'm hungry" and it will ask you to tell it what kinds of food you like. It'll remember that option for next time, and then provide you with a list of restaurants in your area. Check the weather google-assistant-weatherMore Want to know what to wear today? Ask the Assistant what the weather is like and you'll get a forecast, along with the high and low for the day. Play a game google-assitant-gamesMore If you're bored and aren't interested in messing with any of the other apps on your phone, you can "play a game" of Emoji Movies or Emoji Riddle. These games also work in conversations, so you can compete with your friends. Check your email Sometimes we're just to lazy to open up another app, which is why the Assistant can show you a couple of your latest emails if you type: "Show me my emails." See the latest sports scores and standings google-assistant-baseballMore Read More If you want to find out whether or not the Boston Red Sox are still atop the A.L. East division, just ask the Assistant. (Hint: They are.) Share a video google-assistant-videoMore No one wants to have to go to a browser, copy a link, come back to a text message conversation and paste the link just to share a video, so the Google Assistant makes it way easier. Just say "@google Kings of Leon Waste a Moment" in a conversation and the Assistant will plop the music video right down in the chat. Goof around Like everyone other virtual assistant, Google's is pre-programmed with some pretty funny responses. For example, when I asked it if it was alive, it responded: "Technology isn't there. Yet 😳". And when I asked what the Assistant's favorite movie was, it told me that "it's hard to pick a favorite," before offering to show me the top movies from every decade dating back to the 1930s. How thoughtful! Google's Assistant might need seem like much of a revelation to anyone who has been using Siri, Google Now or Cortana on a regular basis, but being able to inject a smart AI into any text message conversation is a neat trick. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXEkoXgb4bI Trending right now: iPhone 7 photo samples: Seriously, how does a phone have a camera this good? 7 ways Apple’s iPhone 7 is much better than any Samsung phone Apple trying to take over supercar and F1 maker McLaren, report claims See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
null
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Posted Sep. 21, 2016 at 11:43 a.m. Meet Allo: Google's smart messaging app (review, video, download info) Published: 2016-09-21 11:43:23 Updated: 2016-09-21 11:43:23 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post Google Allo screenshot By Wire reports Tags: Telecommunications and Wireless, Social Media, Google, Internet Google wants to add a middleman to your mobile chats - a personal virtual assistant who's not shy about interjecting itself into the conversation. The new Allo app promises to be "smart," sort of. Plus: Watch an introductory video and get download information.... WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    President Donald Trump and technology: Good or bad?    'One tap:' Google updates its Fiber TV App   SAS new frontier: CodeSnaps, teaching kids code to control robots    May the force will be with you - interface force sensors, that is   Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, post-Startup Factory    Undercover Colors, TCI Software raising cash Latest Tech News  Study: 66% of companies lack cyber attack response plan Twitter suspends alt-right accounts; Facebook metric apology; Google translate update; Airbnb crackdown Cooling tech startup Phononic adds another $40M to financing Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Google photo app; Boeing job cuts; reverse heart disease?; Google 3K jobs in London; Tinder gender update Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Samsung $8B auto tech play; Facebook glitch; Pfizer price cut; airline computer outage; China's Singles Day Venture & Innovation TechBreakfast expanding in RTP with job fair, expo  Fundings: High Point pharma, Rocky Mount, Charlotte startups raising cash Launch Chapel Hill adds staff before 7th cohort CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny TechBreakfast expanding in RTP with job fair, expo SAS new frontier: CodeSnaps, teaching kids code to control robots Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains  AgTech Accelerator closes on $8.5M in additional capital CED counters HB2 blowback with positive 'WhyNC' campaign Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Social Media Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Trump hits back at claims of transition team chaos Sweden’s Riksbank eyes digital currency Student loans: the government sold millions of young people a lie Russia strikes Syria hours after Putin-Trump call US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Trump hits back at claims of transition team chaos Russia: Putting the ‘nuclear gun’ back on the table How Donald Trump will make Russia great again in the Middle East Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Saudi Arabia set to reveal depth of oil reserves New Europe 100 — changemakers in central and eastern Europe Google to double London headcount in search for talent Jaguar’s first electric car shines light on strategy Barcelona signs Rakuten of Japan as €220m shirt sponsor Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Sweden’s Riksbank eyes digital currency Chocolate lovers face smaller bars as ‘shrinkflation’ takes hold Trump transition disarray, BBC in North Korea and coconuts in peril Citadel looking into becoming a Treasury primary dealer Italy’s 50-year bond burnt in global sell-off Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Russia: Putting the ‘nuclear gun’ back on the table How Donald Trump will make Russia great again in the Middle East A life without work can be fatal Liberal self-flagellation always assumes a bleak future Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read If you want something done, do not write a to-do list Entrepreneur brings agricultural technology to Australian outback Unions can help heal fractured societies Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Do dwindling daylight hours affect our health? Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London From Airbnb to eBay, the best ways to combat bias The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Google aims to take mobile messaging fight to Facebook with Allo Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Messaging Social Google Google has rejoined the messaging wars with its artificially intelligent app, Allo If at first you don’t succeed ... by Kurt Wagner Sep 21, 2016, 12:01am EDT tweet share Linkedin Google is ready to jump back into messaging. Allo, the standalone messaging app that Google announced back in May, is now available to the masses — and probably smarter than any messaging app you’ve ever used. Allo comes with Google’s AI assistant and search functionality baked in, which means it offers a handful of perks that other apps don’t have. It will automatically suggest replies for you to send based on your conversation. If you’re making dinner plans with a friend, it will surface nearby restaurants. You can ask it for movie times or directions or the score of the game. “One of the principles we’ve applied here is not to have lots and lots of clutter,” explained Nick Fox, VP of Google’s communications products. “We don’t want people to be having to dig through the app to find the thing they want. We want to surface the right things at the right time.” All of this “surfacing” happens within an otherwise typical messaging conversation, which is the key here because most people are already having these kinds of conversations inside of other companies’ apps. The artificially intelligent assistant is Google’s differentiator in its quest to capture some of the consumer messaging market from incumbents like Apple (iMessage) and Facebook (WhatsApp and Messenger), both of which have a massive head start. No surprise, but Fox says he isn’t stressing about Google’s late start. “While messaging has been around for a while, smart messaging is much newer,” said Fox. “I do think this is a new era where we have a lot of advantages building on top of a lot of these investments we’ve been making around machine intelligence.” That may finally be the case, though Google has never been able to crack messaging or social media in the past. Its Facebook killer, Google+, has fallen off the map. Its native Android messaging app is just texting, and Google now says that it considers Hangouts (formerly Gchat) to be an enterprise messaging client for things like inter-office communication. Which brings us back to Allo. Coupled with Duo, the company’s new video chat app, Allo represents the tech giant’s foray back into mobile communication. We tested the app over the past 24 hours and found it to be relatively useful. For the most part, the assistant felt more helpful than invasive, though that could easily change when the conversation switches from where to meet for lunch to something more serious and private. Google does offer an “incognito” messaging mode for end-to-end encrypted messages. Google’s AI assistant won’t chime in on those message threads. One other critique: While we didn’t need to go hunting for things inside the app, adding the Google search results to the messaging thread does seem to clutter it up a bit. At times it was tough to tell which messages were sent by a human and which were Google-generated. Still, Google Allo offers something we haven’t seen before in a messaging app. A nice perk is that you should be able to use Allo to message people even if they don’t have the app. Messages to those without Allo are simply sent as texts. Allo is available beginning Wednesday for free on both iOS and Android. recode_divider Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime No satire: The stars of HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ say they got ‘cucked’ in an LA bar Marc Benioff says companies buy each other for the data, and the government isn’t doing anything about it More in Trending This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Voices Consumer With Apple now selling used iPhones, the new phone market may have peaked by Tom Mainelli Today, buying a smartphone is a lot like buying a car. Health Care Comings and Goings 23andMe President Andy Page departs by Kara Swisher@karaswisher He will remain on the board of the personal genomics company. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Snapchat is speeding toward its IPO by John Murrell Confidential filing targets the valuation at $20 billion to $25 billion. Facebook Advertising Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry by Peter Kafka On the plus side: This has nothing to do with fake news. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Brad Ideas Crazy ideas, inventions and essays from Brad Templeton. Computers, Robocars, Civil Rights, Photography and more. Panoramics Photos Rec.humor.funny Joke Site Robocar Bog Twitter Best of Blog Brad's Home Robocars.com Home » Topic » Robocars Robotaxi Economics Submitted by brad on Thu, 2016-09-08 13:07. Robocars The vision of many of us for robocars is a world of less private car ownership and more use of robotaxis — on demand ride service in a robocar. That’s what companies like Uber clearly are pushing for, and probably Google, but several of the big car companies including Mercedes, Ford and BMW among others have also said they want to get there — in the case of Ford, without first making private robocars for their traditional customers. In this world, what does it cost to operate these cars? How much might competitive services charge for rides? How much money will they make? What factors, including price, will they compete on, and how will that alter the landscape? Here are some basic models of cost. I compare a low-cost 1-2 person robotaxi, a higher-end 1-2 person robotaxi, a 4-person traditional sedan robotaxi and the costs of ownership for a private car, the Toyota Prius 2, as calculated by Edmunds. An important difference is that the taxis are forecast to drive 50,000 miles/year (as taxis do) and wear out fully in 5 years. The private car is forecast to drive 15,000 miles/year (higher than the average for new cars, which is 12,000) and to have many years and miles of life left in it. As such the taxis are fully depreciated in this 5 year timeline, and the private car only partly. Some numbers are speculative. I am predicting that the robotaxis will have an insurance cost well below today’s cars, which cost about 6 cents/mile for liability insurance. The taxis will actually be self-insured, meaning this is the expected cost of any incidents. In the early days, this will not be true — the taxis will be safer, but the incidents will cost more until things settle down. As such the insurance prices are for the future. This is a model of an early maturing market where the volume of robotaxis is fairly high (they are made in the low millions) and the safety record is well established. It’s a world where battery prices and reliability have improved. It’s a world where there is still a parking glut, before most surplus parking is converted to other purposes. Fuel is electric for the taxis, gasoline/hybrid for the Prius. The light vehicle is very efficient. Maintenance is also speculative. Today’s cars spend about 6 cents/mile, including 1 cent/mile for the tires. Electric cars are expected to have lower maintenance costs, but the totals here are higher because the car is going 250,000 miles not 75,000 miles like the Prius. With this high level of maintenance and such smooth driving, I forecast low repair cost. Parking is cheaper for the taxis for several reasons. First, they can freely move around looking for the cheapest place to wait, which will often be free city parking, or the cheapest advertised parking on the auction “spot” market. They do not need to park right where the passenger is going, as the private car does. They will park valet style, and so the small cars will use less space and pay less too. Parking may actually be much cheaper than this, even free in many cases. Of course, many private car owners do not pay for parking overtly, so this varies a lot from city to city. (You can view the spreadsheet directly on Google docs and download it to your own tool to play around with the model. Adjust my assumptions and report your own price estimates.) The Prius has one of the lowest costs of ownership of any regular car (take out the parking and it’s only 38 cents/mile) but its price is massively undercut by the electric robotaxi, especially my estimates for the half-width electric city car. (I have not even included the tax credits that apply to electric cars today.) For the taxis I add 15% vacant miles to come up with the final cost. The price of the Prius is the retail cost (on which you must also pay tax) but a taxi fleet operator would pay a wholesale, or even manufacturer’s cost. Of course, they now have the costs of running a fleet of self-driving cars. That includes all the virtual stuff (software, maps and apps) with web sites and all the other staff of a big service company ranging from lawyers to marketing departments. This is hard to estimate because if the company gets big, this cost will not be based on miles, and even so, it will not add many cents per mile. The costs of the Prius for fuel, repair, maintenance and the rest are also all retail. The taxi operator wants a margin, and a big margin at first, though with competition this margin would settle to that of other service businesses. So what will the price be of your robocar ride? Today, an Uber ride tends to be a mix of a “per ride” fee (which hopefully covers the cost of getting to you) and about $1 to $1.50 per mile and about $13/hour in the USA. (In Peru it’s $3.60 per hour and just 40 cents/mile.) Depending on your speed, USA UberX will cost you $2 to $2.50 per mile. As such, $1/mile would be a very attractive, but also very profitable introductory price. Competition should drive prices down to more normal margins. Typical gross profits in transportation are 50%. This suggests from 20 to 25 cents/mile for the urban solo ride up to 50 cents/mile for the 4 passenger sedan (or just 12 cents/mile/person if you fill it up or carpool in it.) This means the small car at 25 cents/mile has revenues of only $35/day (around $12,500 per year) with COGS of $16/day. I have not factored in per-ride fees or trip minimums, which are normal in Taxi/Uber services. (The Uber $5 trip minimum covers a whopping 20 miles in this car.) I expect trip minima to drop to compete with $2.50 transit tickets, especially when pooling. Google runs a gross margin that’s very high (about 67%) but on the other end consider that Uber (though not profitable yet) takes 20% of its gross cost of a ride (and pays its own expenses from that.) Things still to learn The cost of maintenance is still a bit of a guess. As noted, for today’s cars it’s about 6 cents/mile, including 1 cent for tires. Electric drivetrains do require less, but how much less? Cheaper cars tend to have cheaper parts, it does cost more to maintain a $30,000 car than a $15,000 one. On the other hand, if you are running a fleet, you will pick parts with the lowest total cost (both purchase and maintenance,) designing them to wear out at just the right times, and accounting and measuring the variability of that. Cleaning is another unknown. If a passenger soils the interior in a way the internal camera sees, you can bill that to the passenger. You still will need exterior cleaning from time to time (especially on the luxury services) and at least a vacuum of the interior every so often. It will all be done very efficiently as cars pull up to the cleaning center. Robotic vacuuming is not out of the question since the cars will position themselves well and can move to help the vacuum robot. Exterior wash will be automated other than for tough things like bird droppings. What are these small cars? I describe a number of ways a 1-2 person robotaxi might be very cheap in this article. Let’s go into more detail on why it might get manufactured for around $10K (retail would be higher.) Note that there are already many low-end 4 person gasoline cars which retail around $14,000 such as the Nissan Versa and Chevy Spark. Outside the USA, there are even cheaper cars, like the $8,000 Renault Twizzy. Some of these cars are full-width and come with dashboards full of stuff, pedals, wheels, doors, hatchbacks and more. They meet crash-safety standards and the rest of the FMVSS. The basic commuter car will be: Just over half the width and under 2/3 the length of these cars Weigh perhaps half of those cars, using far less materials Have no dashboard, no radio, no pedals, no wheel Have only one door instead of 3 or 4, and no trunk (just an internal cargo area) Have only 1-2 seats (with associated airbags and components) Have vastly fewer parts In the urban version, not go over 45mph, allowing a low-cost motor What it will have is a battery pack. At 100 watt-hours/mile, a 10kwh battery would give it 100 miles of range, more than enough with recharging breaks during the day to cover the average of 140 miles/day it will do as an urban taxi. The forecast cost of $150/kwh puts that pack at $1,500. Expensive, but when combined with the much simpler electric motor power-train, a reasonable cost. It will also have about $1,000 of sensors and computers in it. These prices get this low because these vehicles are made in the many hundreds of thousands, and eventually millions. It also has a few things not found in cheap cars, like a single power door lock. The higher-end vehicle at $16,000 is pretty similar in design, but the extra money goes into making it more luxurious: Better seats and interior materials, replaced more often Better suspension for smoother ride Better sound padding A screen and sound system, or better ones than in the base vehicle A distinctive exterior with better styling and fancier paint, to let people see you are in the higher end vehicle. Power windows. (Both cars have power locks, and neither car need seat position adjustments.) Some fancier interior furniture (tables, drink holders, laptop holders etc.) Possibly a motorized door for easy entry (one of the more expensive add-ons) Possibly a sunroof (but there will also be open-top cars for order if you want them and the weather is good.) When I have examined the lists of luxury features on high-end cars, I have been surprised at how few of them are needed in the luxury robocar. Driver assist functions, 10-way motorized seats, motorized mirrors, telescoping steering wheels, fancy wheels, fancy lights and many other features pay no role in the robotaxi. My numbers are aggressive — so if you doubt them, increase them. The result is still a robotaxi at a very low per-mile operating and capital cost, which means in a competitive market, it will be available at a price that easily competes with private car ownership, and even subsidized bus rides. » brad's blog How does MPG compare to kwh/mile Submitted by Dave McEntee (not verified) on Mon, 2016-09-12 20:57. Hi Brad, Sashi sent me the link to this, and in general I love the topic. I realize for most it seems ironic that the former racecar driver promotes autonomous driving, but I am absolutely all for it, can't wait! My only commentary here is on the units for power. Your sheet shows power draw for the electric vehicles as kwh/mile, but then the Prius is listed as MPG, completely different. Is it possible to convert pump gas into kwh/mile? Honestly I haven't done the math to convert the units, I'm sure it's possible, but for me I think that conversion would be more fair. If the overall power use was accounted for (separate from the cost of oil atm) it might be more clear. With that, cost of oil (gasoline) could be the input to determine cost/mi for the ICE. Thanks so much for the post and the available table to "tune" the numbers. -Dave Mc. » reply Dollars Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-09-12 23:27. I am not converting kwh/mile to mpg. I mean you can convert them, but that’s not relevant here, it is only the cost in dollars. As noted, the cost is from the Edmunds total cost charts, there are a couple of links in the article to them. In this case, the Prius is going 75,000 miles in 5 years which would be 1500 gallons and it looks like Edmunds has priced this a bit over $3/gallon, which is a touch high at today’s prices but not too far off. » reply personal robo taxi Submitted by Thomas Cocirta (not verified) on Tue, 2016-09-13 08:24. Hi Brad, Your numbers are very useful for us at Mobotiq. Speaking about such pods (like the i-road in the picture)... we're about to build one. Check our work in progress here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=955YsqCVdcQ Thanks, Thomas » reply Not to mention... Submitted by cxed (not verified) on Tue, 2016-09-13 14:55. I am a bit horrified that you needed to make this spreadsheet. And that it needed to be a such a slam dunk for some people to start thinking the right way. What you didn't include is the cost of human lives wasting away on the roads pointlessly paying attention to traffic. Or the ones quickly snuffed out because of the demand, clearly massive, to not pay attention to traffic. For example, your calculations don't factor in my last car which was totaled by someone who would much rather have been looking at his phone than driving. » reply Well Submitted by brad on Tue, 2016-09-13 15:34. I do have a big web site and blog with a few books worth of writing about those topics — they won’t show up in every article! » reply Calculations do factor cost of crashes as part of insurance... Submitted by Michael Haines (not verified) on Tue, 2016-09-13 19:40. But obviously not all the personal trauma and wasted time and loss of income in all cases. Also, if the fleet provider is the manufacturer, as their income then comes from journey's not the sale of products, robocars will be designed to last as long as possible, and made as simple to clean and maintain and refurbish; ideally with exchangeable pods that carry people by day and freight/parcels at night. This will make the cost even cheaper. Also, Brad didn't need to compare 'driver-time' as the comparison is with taxis or privately owned driverless cars. If you compare driverless with driven, of course the benefits are even greater! » reply The Prius Submitted by brad on Tue, 2016-09-13 21:05. Is a traditional personally driven car, I am just using Edmund’s total cost per mile number for comparison. Yes, I do believe that vendors might try to make the cars last more than 250,000 miles. But you can’t go too much longer, or your vehicle starts lasting too many years, and starts to go obsolete rather than wear out, like a computer. » reply Exactly. Submitted by cxed (not verified) on Wed, 2016-09-14 17:01. My only point was exactly that - if you compare driverless with driven, then the benefits are indeed difficult to doubt. It's just weird to me that the cost of our time is not taken more seriously (I'm not talking about Brad's analyses - he is a sensible guy always fighting the good fight!). For example, at a minimum wage of $10/hr and 65 mph (optimum), that's $.15/mile of my time and I pretentiously like to think my time is worth more than minimum wage. Sitting in traffic is something that will not result in 65mph (labor cost per mile approaches infinity as traffic comes to a complete stop) and is something that I dislike more than working in a minimum wage job. But hey, if Brad can show everyone, even those people who do not value their own time, that autonomous cars are economical on other merits, great! » reply Value of Time Submitted by brad on Wed, 2016-09-14 21:38. That is a 2nd order thing. First we want to know, how much is it likely to cost to ride in a robotaxi? Since driving your own car costs around 50 cents/mile, it’s a no-brainer if you can get the taxi cheaper than this, as it seems you can. If it costs more, then as you say, the rational thing would be to be willing to pay more than the 50 cents because of the time saved. People already do that with Uber. For example, driving to downtown San Francisco, where you will easily pay $30 or more for parking, quickly becomes a win with Uber because of the time you get back and the parking you save, even at $1.80/mile cost of UberX. There are many cities now where the math has people switching to Uber from driving their own car. » reply A few points... Submitted by Peter (not verified) on Fri, 2016-09-16 05:03. A few points I'm not sure You have given enought thought: A. Electric car vs. gas/hybrid: - the battery of an electric car is an expensive part which wears out and needs to be replaced, probably a couple of times during the car's life. Same is not true for the fuel tank of a gas powered car. Last time I checked, this cost almost outweighted the benefit from the electric power being a lot cheaper than gasoline (at least in my country). Renault's electric car cost model, with the car owned by the driver but batteries rented at a montly fee, allows for a somewhat realistic approach to this cost factor. - A gas powered car is capable of long range travel. You can hook up a camping trailer and go on vacation with one of them, or just on a weekend trip. You can't do the same with an electric car yet - the mileage of more than 200 miles on a single battery charge is already sufficient (you need to take a break from time to time anyway, why not use it to recharge the car battery?), but recharging times beyond 1 hour are not, and the network of recharging station is very far from the density of the gas fuel stations and very far from something that would make long-range travel with electric cars possible. With the ability of practical long range travel, a gas powered car provides more value than an otherwise comparable electric car. B. Robotic cars - robotic driving in the cities is still something for the future, not for tomorrow. Not a far future, mind You, but imho at least 5 years, more likely something like 10, maybe even 20 years. Robotic driving on the highways is probably something we will have very soon though. Computers are very good at handling situation where all variables are known and well defined. A closed environment like an automated high-rise storage facility applies to this description, a highway comes close enough so the advantages of robotic driving would with todays technology already outwight the disadvantages statistacally and increase the overall safety in this area. But the same is not true for cities - the range of unexpected situations the robot wouldn't know how to handle is just too big. Imagine a person walking on stilts long enough to step over a car (and doing so). Imagine a kid playing hide and seek in a quiet suburb area and hiding in a carton in the middle of the streat. And countless other unexpected situations a computer wouldn't know how to handle. - You compare robotic taxi cars with human steered driver owned cars. But chances are, when robotic driving becomes available at some point in the future for taxi cars, it will become a purchasable extra for new driver owned cars as well. This makes things like the parking costs advantage largely invalid - why paying for parking while at work when You can send Your car home instead and let it pick You up in the evening? Why paying for parking during a short shopping trip if You can let the robot driver circle the block for a couple times and let it pick You up afterwards? » reply Plenty of thought Submitted by brad on Fri, 2016-09-16 10:33. Electric cars and batteries are on a rapid curve of improvement, both in cost (going down) and efforts to improve lifetime. Tesla now claims with proper management they can get 1% degradation per year. But it goes further than that: Robotaxis will drive their battery “perfectly.” No sudden acceleration or hard braking to overheat it. Drive it from 70% of full to 20% of full and then recharge it every time. Humans don’t drive like this. Robotaxis will tolerate a degraded battery in ways a human driver won’t. A battery degraded to 70% is unacceptable to a human owner, but it is only a modest problem (dead weight) to a taxi which just doesn’t get sent on longer trips. Robotaxis aren’t used for camping etc. Electric cars aren’t used for long trips. If you want a long trip the taxi company sends you a gasoline taxi, or if need be, a rental car you drive. Of course, this article is about what will the robotaxi cost when it has become moderately mature. Of course they are not out yet. You may be coming into this without a lot of other context present on this web site. But if you thought to say, “Imagine…” in a few minutes, trust me, so have the teams after thinking about it for 10 years, and they have put that situation in their sims. Yes, some people will purchase cars. If they don’t live close to work, I do not believe it will be economical to send the car home, as parking somewhere roughly near the office will be much, much, much cheaper than sending it home or having it circle the block. » reply Thoughts Submitted by Peter (not verified) on Sat, 2016-09-17 03:06. - Electric cars and batteries improvment: I was not aware of this developmen. It was not the case when my last car reached it's end of life and I was considering an electric car as an option. - Robotaxis are not used for camping etc: Right, robotaxis aren't. But a driver owned commuter car that offers that option provides more value than a commuter car that can be used for commuting and shopping only. Means, an electric car is currently not only more expensive than an otherwise comparable gas powered car, it offers one important functionality less, and therefore much less value for money. - Parking: I think You are right about parking while at work. But when I see the prices for parking in my home city area, I'd estimate the cost for parking during shopping in the city about 16-19 times more expensive than letting my current car circle the block (if it already had a robotic auto-pilot and could perform this task). Circling the block would probably become even cheaper in case it would be possible to let the car deliberately join a traffic jam for the shopping time instead of avoiding traffic jams. » reply Value provided Submitted by brad on Sat, 2016-09-17 11:42. Key to the use of taxi fleets is usually fitting the right vehicle to the task. Single person car for one person riding a short distance (80% of trips.) Larger car, maybe with gasoline, for camping trip. Sports car with wheel for drive down a mountain road. Today’s parking might seem more expensive than circling. Circling costs $10 to $20 per hour, depending on the car today. No parking lot that charges by the hour is this expensive, though some flat-rate lots cost more. But that’s today. During the parking glut created by people switching to taxi mode, the bottom will drop out of the parking market. A parking space that is unused is wasted, best to fill it at almost any price. A robocar wanting to park will: Drive to the back/top of the lot where no humans park if requested Park valet style, using much less space; better than valet style — don’t need to be able to have a valet get in and out If a one person taxi, will put 4 to 5 in the space that one human parked car takes, due to small size and valet density. Leave, or pay more, if the price goes up. In particular, if a human driver willing to pay $8/hour shows up at the gate, the lot can let them in because the robots will leave and make room, so they never take your premium capacity If electric, make no emissions, leaving not soot on your surfaces (a real problem in lots) All payments and operations will be done via computers, no time taken by staff If you own a parking lot it literally costs you zero incremental cost to let the robocar wait there. No operating costs, no opportunity costs. And there will be hundreds of other lot operators also with zero incremental cost bidding to get what the robots will pay because it is all gravy, even if it’s just 20 cents/hour. It’s 20 cents/hour you don’t get if you say no. » reply Value for money? Submitted by Peter (not verified) on Sun, 2016-09-18 23:01. - multiple vehicles for multiple tasks: having a second car specialized on some of the tasks means additional costs - especially for purchasing it, but also taxes, insurance, possibly an annual toll, etc., most of which will not be offset by the costs saved by using the primary car less than if it would be the only car. Many of the secondary tasks the car is used for actually only make sense financially You attach to the mile driven not the total costs per mile, but only the costs for driving an _addistional_ mile with a car You allready pay the taxes etc. for because I need it for other tasks like the daily commute. If I already have a car for my daily commute, and want to go for a weekend trip, the per-mile-costs I have to pay _additionally_ to what I already pay for the car are slightly less than if I would go by train (this may be different in other countries). Buing an additional car for such trips only would be prohibitively expensive, using this secondary car for such trips would be, depending on the frequency and size of such trips, at least(!) 3 times more expensive than going by train. So what I came up when buying a car was a series of questions, starting with: Do I really need a car? (Answer: unfortunatelly yes) If yes, what is the minimum of car I really need? (Answer: a Smart fortwo, maybe even a Renault Twizy) What secondary tasks come up frequently enough so adding size and functionality to the car would pay off compared to renting or buying a dedicated vehicle for such tasks? (it resulted in a tiny 3,5 m long gas powered 4-seater with a trailer hook). - costs of parking vs. circling: as of now, a parking slot, even an expensive one, is usually still a block or more away from where I actually want to go. I not only have to take this walk, but also to pay premium parking fees for the time it takes me. This walking time would not be part of the equitation if an autopilot-equipped car could drop me off and pick me up at the front door of the place I want to visit. Means, circling time would be much less than parking time for the same task. But You are right, having the car going on auto-pilot to a cheap place a couple of blocks away after it dropped me off and park there for most of the time would likely be cheaper than letting it circle. I made the error of comparing parking now vs. circling in the future instead of future circling vs. future parking. » reply By the mile Submitted by brad on Mon, 2016-09-19 11:41. A car gets older in 3 ways. It ages by the mile driven (or more closely, by the hour driven, but most figures are done in miles.) It ages by the year (as things corrode or degrade) and it ages by the year in another way — it becomes obsolete. Some products, like phones do almost all their aging through obsolescence, and a little bit by use. Owned cars age through a mix of time and miles. They are designed for that, with a life of about 200,000 miles and 20 years. So leaving your car idle can be slightly wasteful. But taxis age much more by miles than by years. They are made from stock cars today (which are designed for 20 years) so they barely age by years at all right now. Since 5 years is not much time in the world of car innovation, they don’t age by obsolescence that much. In the future, the pace of change will speed up. It’s already happening to electric cars. Once your care does most of its aging by the mile, there is no more thinking that the cost of driving is just the cost of fuel and parking, the way people think about their cars today. That is going to be a big shift. Some services will price to try to match the old way of thinking, like selling you unlimited taxi rides for $500 per month or similar models. Or to match a car completely, $300 per month, plus $50 for a “tank” of 500 miles, plus an annual fee for insurance/maintenance. Just to make you feel good. As I said, hours are actually a better proxy than miles, but we’re not used to that at all. (In boats and planes it’s all measured in hours.) » reply Potential load factor benefits of robocars Submitted by Russell de Silva (not verified) on Sat, 2016-09-17 03:31. As robotaxis allow transport as a service to replace car ownership, the very large customer base of the bigger players should allow a degrre of ride sharing. This would obviously change the relative costs per person per mile of the 1-2 seat robocar vs the 4 seat version. I have not seen any modelling detailing the maximum possible load factors, but I presume Uber have a reasonable idea. Any thoughts? » reply Lots Submitted by brad on Sat, 2016-09-17 11:47. I have articles on the future of transit layout out official sharing with vans and cars. In the long run: Outside rush hour, the solo robotaxi is going to be so inexpensive that, except for long trips, all but the lowest income (or those seeking a social experience) will prefer to go solo for the privacy, comfort and no need to do any transfers at all, even minimal delay transfers. At rush hour, cities and highways will give rewards to people who pool rides — things like carpool lanes — which will encourage pooling in cars and vans and sometimes buses. For longer commutes, and longer road trips, cost will push people to pool. This will be a mix of solo car to the pool meeting point, and pool car/van along the long haul part. For example, for a 4 mile trip inside the city, at $1.50 in a private car and $1 shared, I’m going to go with the private car. For my 50 mile trip to San Francisco, at $16 solo and $8 shared with 2-3 minutes added trip time, I would be more attracted to the shared ride. » reply Comparing analysis Submitted by Tasha Keeney (not verified) on Wed, 2016-09-21 08:02. Brad, Great post. I have heard some researchers say cleaning is a cost that is under appreciated in these types of estimates, but agree that robots could be used and similar to the way Uber charges customers who soil the car, in car cameras would be a clever solution to handle that. My estimate is pretty close to your "cheap small" scenario. I have 31 cents per mile. I also included the cost of a teleoperator to remotely direct the car 10% of the time. I did some monte carlo analysis and took Google's published reports to estimate what we think the manual intervention rate at the time of commercialization will be. So, this third party labor component is actually my biggest cost bucket and my other costs are a little less than yours. For cost of the car, I used my colleague's battery cost decline curve for an electric vehicle and he thinks a 100 mile range car could be $15K in 2020. Happy to share the models with you if you're interested. » reply that's 31 cents for the cost Submitted by Tasha Keeney (not verified) on Wed, 2016-09-21 08:17. that's 31 cents for the cost to the consumer* » reply Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. Post new comment Question: What is the last name of the blogger?: * His name is Brad Templeton. You figure it out. Your name: Please make up a name if you do not wish to give your real one. E-mail: The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Homepage: Personal home pages only. Posts with biz home pages get deleted and search engines ignore all links Subject: Comment: * Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd> Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. More information about formatting options Save my Comment Information for next time. Navigation Topic Best Of Blog Air Travel Announcements Brad's Rant Burning Man Comedy Free Speech Futurism Going Green Governance Health Intellectual Property Internet Inventions Media New Democracy Observations Photography Politics Privacy Random Ideas Review Robocars Solve this Spam Technology Telecom Transportation What a great idea Archives Battlestar Blog Forums Recent posts Tags Privacy User login Username: * Password: * Request new password If you like this blog, do me a favour and start your Amazon shopping from this link, and I'll get a cut. Recent comments Still flawed Patrice (not verified) Nov 15 2016 - 00:41 president same royal blood Anonymous (not verified) Nov 14 2016 - 09:49 Robothings & sharing private robo car can manage the peak Hunt Lee (not verified) Nov 6 2016 - 23:16 Peak demand brad Nov 6 2016 - 20:20 Speed brad Nov 5 2016 - 20:41 Robotaxi operators and private robocars Kevin (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 18:01 ride performance George (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:51 Effective satire Persol (not verified) Nov 5 2016 - 11:15 The statistics are unsourced brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:47 I have no idea brad Nov 4 2016 - 11:44 Top Essays Copyright Robocars Solving the copyright crisis Spam Spam History GMail DNS Microrefunds Bill Gates Wealth Darth Darth Binks Future of TV Ads Complete Set Donate Bitcoin 1JLEzkRutp2q5xrv9jzd9CVgLp4g79S4M8 Recent blog posts How will robotaxi services compete in the future? If you built "Westworld" (or other robot sex) it would probably be with VR Comma.ai cancels comma-one add-on box after threats from NHTSA Of the SAE's robocar "levels" only level 4 will be meaningful, and only partly Our routers need to remove the "internet" from the "internet of things" to stop DDOS Vendors push back on California Robocar regulations - plus Tesla and Apple news Most voting is about the next election, not this one. Yikes - even Barack Obama wants to solve robocar "Trolley Problems" now The social networks could hold great political power due to GOTV. Should they? NHTSA Regulations part 4: Crashes, Training, Certification, State Law, Operation, Validation and Autopilots more Blogroll EFF Deep Links Google+ Syndicate
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Lenovo Vibe K5 Note, K4 Note, ZUK Z2, Z2 Pro and others Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) may soon start rolling out Android 7.0 Nougat update to their devices. Raymond Ronamai   September 21, 2016 21:45 IST 8 Shares 8 Shares Lenovo K5 Note launch event in India: Upgraded Vibe K5 Plus with 3GB RAM launched on FlipkartLenovo Press Kit Lenovo may not be very prompt in seeding last year's operating system Android 6.0 Marshmallow to its eligible devices, but it appears like it will roll out Google's recently released Android 7.0 Nougat OS to its handsets earlier than expected. The company is yet to reveal the list of devices that will receive the firmware update, but reports have claimed that it may come to several handsets, including Lenovo ZUK Z2, Vibe K5 Note, and Vibe K4 Note. Google has already seeded Android 7.0 Nougat update to the Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 9, Nexus Player, Pixel C and Android One, so Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in the smartphone industry may soon start rolling out the firmware to its devices. Why advertise with us? Related Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto Z, Moto X, Moto G, Moto E: When will you get firmware? Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Sony Xperia devices The Chinese company is very likely to release the Android 7.0 Nougat update to the Lenovo ZUK Z2, Lenovo Z2 Pro, Lenovo Vibe K5 Note, Lenovo Vibe X3, Lenovo Vibe K4 Note, Lenovo Vibe Phab 2, Lenovo Phab 2 Plus, and Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. The firmware roll out may start as early as the October, or at least before the end of this year, and run into next year. However, Lenovo Vibe K3 Note, Lenovo Vibe Phab Plus series and Lenovo ZUK Z1 will not get the firmware update as Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 is not compatible with Android 7.0 Nougat's Vulcan API. Android 7.0 Nougat has features like multi-window, direct reply notifications, Extra power efficiency, Google Assistant, VR interface, Seamless updates, Screen Zoom, Clear All, Data saver, Improved file browser, Instant Apps, App switch, bundled notifications, improved Java 8 language support, and new emojis. Also read Samsung Galaxy S7 series to get Android Nougat update soon; testing already underway Android Marshmallow market share increases Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7: Galaxy Note 7, Note 5, Galaxy S6 may follow 28 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Can Moto Z Play beat Xiaomi Mi 5 and Google Nexus 5X in Indian market? 42 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Reading emotions using Autism Glass at the Beakerhead science festival in Calgary. Image: Lisa Willemse Google Glass Could Be a Social Gamechanger For Kids on the Autism Spectrum Written by Lisa Willemse September 21, 2016 // 10:38 AM EST Copy This URL If you thought Google Glass, the massively-hyped (yet ultimately unpopular) augmented reality headwear, was dead—think again. A Stanford University team has brought it back to life as a platform that aids and trains children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) to read social cues. While reading facial expressions is difficult for all of us at times (Was that a smile or a grimace?), for people with ASD, social interactions and friendships can be especially nerve-wracking. People on the spectrum may avoid eye contact and therefore fail to recognize and interpret facial expressions, challenges that also have far-reaching repercussions in school or at work. As part of the recent five-day Beakerhead science festival in Calgary, Alberta, the public got a rare glimpse of this developing technology, appropriately named Autism Glass. I was among those eager to give them a try. Reviewing the Autism Glass video capture at Beakerhead in Calgary. Image: Lisa Willemse In the Stanford adaptation, the Google Glass’ outward-facing camera records the actions and facial expressions of the person you’re talking to, which is fed into the Autism Glass app on a dedicated Android device. (An iPhone version will come, but for now, they’re using the Google platform for development and testing.) The app’s artificial intelligence reads the movements and expressions of others and codes them based on their emotion: happy, interested, angry, disgusted, etc. Within moments, a colourful emoji is projected back to the glasses and appears to the wearer on a small screen fitted onto the upper right corner of the device, giving an instantly recognizable emotional cue that the wearer can see. The live recording is likewise coded and saved on the Android for review and feedback between the child and medical caregivers and/or family later on. Emojis were chosen based on more than their pop culture appeal. Aaron Kline, Lead Mobility Engineer for Autism Glass in Stanford’s Systems Medicine Division, explained that the use of colourful emojis is linked with the configuration of the glasses, where the display appears in the upper right field of view, as well as the biology of vision. Read More: Why One Software Company Is Going Out of Its Way to Hire People With Autism “It’s a question of what’s going to be legible in that space and what’s going to be processed by kids all along the spectrum. With vision, as you start on the outside and work your way in, colour gets registered before text does and a long word like ‘disgusted’ may not be fully understood, or in some cases can’t even be read by some people,” said Kline. “Having a colour-coded system with expressive emojis has shown so far to make the most sense to users.” Kline was leading the Autism Glass demos as part of Beakerhead’s afternoon street science event in downtown Calgary. There was an instant attraction to the technology among those who saw and tested it, an interest Kline said is eclipsed by that of the ASD kids currently in the 25-family pilot study taking place in California. Kids as young as four have been fitted with the device as part of the study—an ideal age insofar as ASD goes, since it’s been shown that intervention in the early years of development can have a big impact. Reading emotions using Autism Glass at the Beakerhead science festival in Calgary. Image: Lisa Willemse “One aspect we’ve found with every child we’ve worked with is they have a very strong connection with technology, and they’re very excited to play with tech they’ve never seen before. This technology has been a powerful hook because the kids want to try it and show it off to their friends.” Of course, wearing it in the home and with friends is quite different than wearing it in public. One of the reasons Google Glass was shelved rests with public discomfort with being recorded, something Kline noted may change over time as similar products enter the market. The Autism Glass team is considering lower profile arrangements, which may integrate the technology into regular glasses, contact lenses, pinhole cameras, or possibly an audio-only interface. For now, development is continuing with Google Glass as the “off-the-shelf” wearable, owing to a Google donation. There is plenty of work that needs to be done before Autism Glass hits the market as a reimbursable medical device. The current study, which is near completion, is working with the families to iron out kinks in design as Stanford prepares for a larger clinical study it hopes to launch later this year. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter. Topics: Autism, Google Glass, autism glass, Stanford University, beakerhead festival, Calgary, autism spectrum disorder, emojis, augmented reality, artificial intelligence Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Why One Software Company Is Going Out of Its Way to Hire People With Autism Eyeless Albino Cave Fish Help Explain Schizophrenia and Autism Where Do Old iMacs Go Anyway? Right, They’re Upgraded Into Aquariums The Latest Magic Leap 'Mixed Reality' Demo Is Pretty Badass Following Outcry, Robert De Niro Yanks Anti-Vaxxing Film from Tribeca Festival Robert De Niro Wants ‘A Dialogue’ About Anti-Vaxxing at Tribeca Film Festival Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $36.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Americas | U.S. HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. TURD DOLLS U.C.S.C DAVID ID A TURD BILLY GATES YOU TURD DOLLS DINGUS TUCO GOOGLE YO TURDS by HITLERSON WARMACHT Wednesday Sep 21st, 2016 8:38 AM SHIT A TURD DOLL BILL GATES INTELS POKEMON YA TURD DOLL SI PHONE FAST KEY A TURDS RUNE GOONS TURDDOLLS KNOWS YO ASSHOLES ! ROB NORSE SHIT YO TURD DOLLS DAY ONE SLAP A TURD ON YO NOSES ! © 2000–2016 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
null
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Galaxy S7, S7 edge now being tested with Android Nougat By Ida Torres - September 21, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Even with the recent controversies over the Galaxy Note 7 and its exploding battery, don’t dismiss Samsung just yet. They still have a strong array of smartphones that people can still find appealing, and hopefully no dangerous malfunctions this time. But in the meantime, their other current flagships, the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge are now testing out Android 7.0 Nougat. Don’t hold your breath just yet though, given Google’s and Samsung’s history of pushing out the major update a little late. But at least, we know that they’re one tiny step closer to eventually pushing out the update. Some Geekbench test results show that the Korean OEM is testing out the Nougat on the two devices, the Exynos versions to be specific, as is their practice whenever a new major update from Google comes out. But we also know that it’s common practice that it takes months and sometimes even a year for the update to be released to devices for a number of reasons. It will probably be the international unlocked variants of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge that will get Nougat-ed first, given they’re the ones that have the Exynos chip. As to what people can expect from this update, we’ve been hearing about the split-screen mode, quick switching between apps, enhanced notification system, the ability to respond to notifications without having to open the app, and most importantly, more than 1,500 emojis, including 72 new ones. Again, don’t expect the update to be pushed out within the next few weeks. It will take months, so just go on with your life as usual and just be surprised when Samsung makes an official announcement. VIA: SAM Mobile TAGS Android Android Nougat Samsung Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,272FollowersFollow 59,474SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming Search Search Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Google Allo Messaging App Launches on iOS, Android Advertisement NEXT:Benchmarking Social Data: The Key to Social Insights PREVIOUS:Angelina Jolie-Brad Pitt Divorce Lights Up Social Networks Apps | Google Google Allo Messaging App Launches on iOS, Android By Brandy Shaul on Sep. 21, 2016 - 12:00 PMComment Google announced the release of Google Allo on iOS and Android. The smart messaging application allows users to chat with others in one-on-one and group chats. As users send text, pictures, videos and emoji in Google Allo, the app’s Smart Reply feature will suggest responses users can send based on the topic of the conversation. For instance, if a user receives a picture of a puppy, one Smart Reply suggestion may be, “Super cute!” Google said the Smart Reply feature will become better over time as it adjusts to users’ typing styles. Elsewhere, users can send stickers in conversations (the app includes more than 25 sticker packs) and change the size of the text they type by dragging up or down on the send button. The app also includes an Incognito chat mode, which features discreet notifications and expiring messages. Messages sent in Incognito mode have end-to-end encryption. Finally, the app includes a preview edition of the Google Assistant chat bot. Users can chat with the Google Assistant one-on-one and ask it questions about the current weather, movies, local businesses and more. Users can also activate the Google Assistant within chats by typing “@Google” and then typing a question or prompt. For instance, users can type, “Show me nearby Italian restaurants,” to add a list of nearby locations to the chat. Google Allo is available to download for free on the iTunes App Store and Google Play. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get SocialTimes delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Vice President, Integrated Marketing National Urban League New York City, New York Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Media Relations Specialist MediaSource Columbus, Ohio Marketing Communications Specialist Proveris Scientific Marlborough, MA PR Account Executive The Baddish Group New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Allo released with iMessage’s biggest mistake Chris Burns - Sep 21, 2016 7 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple was sued in May of 2014 for an iMessage texting snafu that was the bane of mobile carrier help desk assistants’ existence. “Why am I not getting my text messages,” they’d say, “I was getting them just fine on my iPhone, now on this Android phone I can’t see them.” Google is making a mistake at the launch of Google Allo – routing messages – including SMS messages – through their own servers, capturing one’s phone number in the process. Apple was sued for routing messages sent to a user’s phone number to their own iMessage servers, thereby capturing said messages until a time at which that user signed back into an iPhone with that number. With Google Allo, a user signs up, attaches their phone number to Google Allo, and something very similar happens. It’s not the exact same set of happenings that got Apple sued a couple of years ago, to be entirely clear. Google’s use of phone numbers is slightly different. Here’s the situation: 1. User A installs Allo, signs up with their phone number 2. Any and all messages sent to User A with Allo are sent through Google’s servers. 3. User A can receive SMS messages and text messages, but only if any other user is NOT using Google Allo. 4. If User B uses Allo to send a message to User A, User A will not receive that message. Because of #3, this is not the exact same situation as Apple’s iMessage oddity. It’s also not all that different from several other messaging apps that can route SMS messages. The difference here is that Google should be making the solution more plain. The solution to this conundrum should be simple. User A should be able to tell Allo that they’ll no longer be using their service for SMS, and the number should be disconnected. There actually IS an “Unregister phone number” option in the app – in settings, at the bottom of the list of General settings. Download Google Allo APK here – iOS out today too! Unfortunately, this button does not work as simply as it suggests. Once User A has unregistered their phone number and uninstalled Allo, User B’s messages in Allo (to User A) will be met with an alert which says their messages have not been sent, and User A still will not receive any such messages. What SHOULD happen here is User A receiving the same sort of message that they would have received had they never installed or signed up for Google Allo at all. Unfortunately, it would appear that Google may be holding on to their connection to User A’s number longer than what’s suggested. User A should continue to receive “app preview messages” as if they’d never signed up for or downloaded Allo in the first place. At the moment that doesn’t necessarily happen. According to Google, what SHOULD be happening is happening. In reality, it isn’t necessarily happening at all. What happens when you unregister your phone number • Your Allo conversations from your device will be deleted • You’ll be removed from all group chats • Any blocked phone numbers will be deleted from the blocked list • If you connected a Google Account: Your chats with your Google Assistant will remain. To remove those chats, you’ll need to delete activity with your Google Assistant separately in Allo first. • If you didn’t connect a Google Account: Your chats with your Google Assistant will be deleted. • If you have an Android device: You may still receive Allo chats through app preview messages unless you turn off that setting on your phone. The above list comes from Google Allo support listing on Google Support for “Disconnect your phone number from Google Allo.” Re-installing Google Allo and signing back in with the original number allows User A to see Allo messages that were sent to said number while they were disconnected. Let us know if you’re having similar issues, or if all is well with Allo top to bottom! Story Timeline Allo is Google's smart chat app: release imminent Allo and Duo are in Google Play for Android now (sort of) Google Allo will support expiring messages and encryption keys Hello Google Allo smart messenger! Download the APK here Tags AlloAndroidAppsgoogleiOSphonesmartphoneSoftware Must Read Bits & Bytes Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Google Sends Oct 4 Event Invites, May Launch Pixel Phones Zacks Equity Research ZacksSeptember 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Alphabet Inc. GOOGL will reportedly take the wraps off a number of products at a still unnamed event to be held on Oct 4 on San Francisco. The company’s style of inviting hints at a smartphone and voice assistant launch. The invitation text consists of a phrase "Ok Google, add to calendar," that possibly refers to Google’s voice assistant. There’s also a YouTube clip that shows a task bar transforming to a smartphone outline and accompanied by the hashtag #madebygoogle. The Probable Lineup Among the most rumored products are two smartphones to be reportedly sold under Google’s new Pixel brand. According to prior reports, the 5.0- inch device codenamed Sailfish will be named Google Pixel and the 5.5- inch device codenamed Marlin will be known as Google Pixel XL. Both are rumored to be manufactured by HTC and run on the latest Android 7.0 Nougat. We note that last month, Google updated its Nexus devices with Nougat. The company may also release Google Home, a personal digital assistance device that will connect to other devices and customize or control them according to user preferences. The company pitches it against Amazon.com, Inc.’s AMZN Echo. Alphabet recently moved the entire platform team of its smart home division Nest Labs to Google to streamline its Google Home efforts. There are plenty of other products yet to be released. The Android-powered VR platform Daydream is slated to release this fall. The company may also release a Chromecast HDMI stick that supports 4K videos and the messaging app “Allo”. Android N that later became Android Nougat, Google Home, Daydream and Allo were among the new apps, devices and platforms that Google had announced at its I/O developer conference in May. ALPHABET INC-A Price ALPHABET INC-A Price | ALPHABET INC-A Quote Our Take We note that Google has tried to raise the suspense around its upcoming fall event. There are high chances that the company will come up with a big launch and catch its competitors off guard. Zacks Rank and Stocks to Consider Currently, Alphabet is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company. Better-ranked stocks in the in the broader technology sector include Facebook, Inc. FB and  LinkedIn Corporation LNKD, each sporting a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Confidential from Zacks Beyond this Analyst Blog, would you like to see Zacks' best recommendations that are not available to the public? Our Executive VP, Steve Reitmeister, knows when key trades are about to be triggered and which of our experts has the hottest hand. Click to see them now>>    Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   AMAZON.COM INC (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   FACEBOOK INC-A (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report   LINKEDIN CORP-A (LNKD): Free Stock Analysis Report   ALPHABET INC-A (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next No, Trump Did Not Win The Popular Vote IBTimes You can now safely use your iPhone behind the wheel without wires Yahoo Finance Google announces artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud Reuters Man arrested for multiple acts of vandalism during Thursday's riot KGW NewsChannel 8 Portland Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected AFP Stephen Hawking Puts An Expiry Date On Humanity IBTimes Manhunt continues for father of 5-year-old girl found in N.Y. bus terminal Yahoo News Video The Backlash Against New Balance Is Real Yahoo Style Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Is your cellphone number as important as your Social Security number? Yahoo News Video Immigration hardliner says Trump team preparing plans for wall, mulling Muslim registry Reuters Blackface Is the New Black for Some College Students, Apparently Yahoo Style Steve Bannon Illegally Paid Via Movie Company, Watchdog Group Says The Wrap Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Target, after solid 3Q, gets cheery about the holidays Associated Press West Virginia Mayor Resigns After Racist Anti-FLOTUS Posts Tishante: I AM SO TIRED OF RACIST #$%$ WHITE PEOPLE CLAIMING THAT THEY ARE NOT RACIST & POSTING STUPID #$%$ MESSAGES ON FACEBOOK & THEN TRYING TO BACK SLIDE. IDIOTS! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 30 President-elect Donald Trump is once again feuding with the ‘failing’ New York Times. Yahoo News Video Minnesota officer charged with manslaughter in Castile death Associated Press Megyn Kelly Believes President Donald Trump Could Be ‘Dangerous’ People Obama in Europe urges 'course correction' on globalisation AFP Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff India's gold traders on edge as Modi fights 'black money' Reuters California Police and Firemen Save Man From Burning Wreck ABC News Videos Deadliest Catch’s Jake Harris Fighting for Life in ICU After He Was Beaten and Allegedly ‘Left for Dead’ People EXCLUSIVE: Jon Gosselin Says He Doesn't Know Where His 12-Year-Old Son Collin Is, Claims Kate Won't Tell Him Entertainment Tonight Oxford Dictionaries names 'post-truth' word of the year AFP Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Snapchat's IPO and everything else you need to know for Wednesday Yahoo Finance Video Adele, Michelle Obama, Other Celebs Jump on Mannequin Challenge ABC News Videos Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News Trump's chaotic transition Yahoo News Oklahoma DC Mike Stoops blasts Charles Walker for 'quitting on his teammates' Dr. Saturday Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Google Allo from a privacy point of view By Martin Brinkmann on September 21, 2016 in Google - Last Update:September 21, 2016 11 Google started to roll out Allo, its second new messaging app released this year, yesterday. While the roll out is still going on, it is clear already that Google changed things around a bit in regards to privacy and security. The main selling point of Allo is a bot or AI that Google baked into the messaging application that assists you in a variety of tasks. This ranges from suggesting answers to messages that you get to offering to look up information when a movie runs in a cinema nearby. The company announced initially that Allo would not save chat messages on Google servers permanently or in identifiable form. Google Allo privacy While that would be the right thing to do from a security and privacy point of view, considering that no one but the chat recipients would have access to messages, it is not what is happening. Messages will be encrypted between user devices and Google servers, but they are stored in a way that Google gets access to the messages. The Verge reports that Google did this to improve the assistant's functionality, as it uses the information to learn and become better when it comes to suggesting responses. As the Allo team tested those replies, they decided the performance boost from permanently stored messages was worth giving up privacy benefits of transient storage. The downside to this from a privacy perspective is that law enforcement, and anyone else who manages to get access to Google's servers, may access the data. This is why Edward Snowden recommends not to use Allo. What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request. Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. Allo does ship with a feature called Incognito Mode though. It is disabled by default and needs to be enabled by the user for individual chats. All messages written while in Incognito Mode are not stored and fully end-to-end encrypted. This means that Google does not have access to those messages. Closing Words Allo users trade privacy of their messages for convenience. The bulk of users -- indifferent to privacy and security -- won't know and won't care without the shadow of a doubt. Those who do will forego Allo and miss out on features that no one really needs. Now You: What is your take on Google Allo? Summary Article Name Google Allo from a privacy point of view Description The article looks at Google's new Allo messaging application with digital assistant for Android and iOS from a privacy point of view. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand. You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google > Google Allo from a privacy point of view Flico for Chrome identifies landmarks in YouTube videos YouTube Heroes: new volunteer program for YouTube Responses to Google Allo from a privacy point of view asd September 21, 2016 at 5:39 pm # Sadly there is no way to escape Google Surveillance without giving up internet pretty much... Reply Andrew September 21, 2016 at 6:17 pm # Uh... yes there is. You don't have to use any google products and there's plenty of browser extensions that prevent them from tracking you. Reply RedMars September 21, 2016 at 7:28 pm # Google + Privacy = Oxymoron Reply Dave September 21, 2016 at 7:58 pm # Screw Google, and screw Facebook. Their policies have casued me to do the previously unthinkable and switch to Apple. iMessage doesn't screw you over. Reply svim September 22, 2016 at 1:19 am # So what makes you think Apple isn't screwing over its customers too? Apple may claim it has an advantage on security and privacy but that's just typical marketing language. Here in the real world we watched the Fappening explode all over the Internet. That was an iCloud and social engineering issue, and have fun trying to use iMessage without getting tangled up in Apple's iCloud service. Even the latest problem involving Leslie Jones was again, an iCloud related matter. Note that iMessage encryption relies solely on interacting with Apple servers, using its own closed, proprietary encryption. At least with Signal Private Messenger's open encryption protocol, it has been independently vetted and audited. Reply Sebby September 22, 2016 at 4:10 pm # More facts, less FUD, please. Google are in the slurp business, Apple are not. The celeb leaks were the result, as much as Apple's careless failure to rate-limit authentication, of poor user passwords. And Apple specifies exactly how their closed protocols protect chat confidentiality--albeit that, yes, it uses closed (and thereby inevitably imperfect) encryption protocols, and Apple's trust directory servers. I'll gladly take those over "Open" protocols that, in reality, guarantee nothing because Google store everything to harvest and provide pointless AI services. Neither option is appropriate if your goal is true privacy, of course, but at least Apple are on the side of privacy. There are other ways in which I’d argue that Apple presumes that it’s guiltless or trustable even when that has a privacy implication for users; you eluded to that when you mentioned iCloud, which is now a heavy dependency of the Apple ecosystem, in many ways that aren’t appropriate or necessary. But so far, it’s all been for the user and not for the advertiser, and you have clear choices about whether or not you want to use those that directly affect your privacy, so until this changes I’ll continue to advocate Apple. TL;DR: if you want to say “Apple are overpriced”, just do it. It’s a lot more honest. :) Jason September 22, 2016 at 6:28 pm # @Sebby: "Neither option is appropriate if your goal is true privacy, of course, but at least Apple are on the side of privacy." The second part of that sentence does not negate the first part. If you want true privacy, you cannot use an Apple product. You must use something that allows you to keep your own encryption keys. Ideally it should also be open source and audited (though I grant that some closed-source products are probably as good as the open source equivalents). Also ideally, the company that handles all this data should not be located in the National States of America, if you know what I mean... You are wrong, by the way, to say that Apple is not in the "slurp" business. You think they don't try to monetize their iTunes / App Store user activities? Think again. And once a company goes down this path, there is no reason to expect them not to go even further (as Microsoft have been doing lately). Basically you're right that Apple is preferable to Google for privacy, but Apple is not a good privacy solution. "Sorta" privacy is not privacy. Gary_M September 21, 2016 at 10:12 pm # Google's business model is to observe and record its users' behavior and monetize the captured data by selling it to marketers, and who knows who else. This is the "price" people pay for using Google's cool, "free" products. The fake encryption isn't the only reason allo won't find a home on my devices. It doesn't seem to support SMS/MMS - which is widely used in North America for insecure device to device messaging. Reply GOOG -2.6 September 22, 2016 at 2:48 pm # Allo! has two faces, but the result is always that YOU are the product. Reply Oyoyoy September 23, 2016 at 9:03 pm # GOOG is a stealer. It started with ADS and stole your browsing habits. Then it became a search engine: HEY GOOGLE IT! You can clearly smell the work of social engineering at US State Agency level. GOOG has been transformed into a verb, a proper noun to search anything on the net... YOUR FRIEND! And a 1st Party NSA Partner. GOOG -3.6 Reply Mike W. September 24, 2016 at 2:37 pm # I gave it a brief shot, but then dropped it after like one message. Once I found out that is sends whoever you are messaging an annoying "Get Allo!!" message, I decided it would be best to not effectively spam the crap out of my contacts. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review Set different virtual desktop wallpapers on Windows 10 Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest Malwarebytes Premium 3.0 announced November 16, 2016 Windows Tweaker: disorganized but powerful November 16, 2016 Open Hardware Monitor 0.8 is out November 16, 2016 Microsoft publishes December 2016 Patch Previews November 16, 2016 The Google Pixel XL Phone Giveaway November 15, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google AMP error report in Search Console scans for errors differently now You may see more or fewer AMP errors in your Google Search Console report. No need to worry -- It was an internal change and does not impact ranking or indexing. Barry Schwartz on September 21, 2016 at 9:14 am More Google’s AMP error report in the Google Search Console now scans for AMP errors differently from the way it did in the past. That means some of you who have deployed AMP for your site may see a new vertical “update” line on the AMP error report specifically on September 19, 2016. This update line means that Google changes how the report works, so you may see an increase or decrease in errors. Google documented this to explain that you didn’t necessarily make any changes to your site to deserve the increase or decrease in errors. It is a change to the way Google scans for errors in this report. Google wrote on the data anomalies page that “you might see a fluctuation in your AMP data, due to a change in our scanning process.” John Mueller from Google added on Twitter that this has no ranking or indexing impact, it is just a reporting change in the Google Search Console AMP error report. John said, “It’s an internal change re which AMPs to include in that report; it doesn’t affect indexing/ranking.” Here is a screen shot of my AMP error report showing a drop in errors on the September 19 update line: I made no code changes to my site between now and then, so yes, this is solely based on Google making an internal change to this report. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles Google Search Console improves Security Issues reports Google says the Google index status in the Search Console report is broken Google showing the site owner AMP implementation error warnings in search results Google Search Console reporting glitch shows no links for some webmasters Channel: SEOGoogle: Accelerated Mobile Pages / AMPGoogle: MobileGoogle: Search ConsoleGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google will show AMP URLs before App deep link URLs in mobile results Your readers download your mobile app? Well, Google won't be sending them to those deep links if you have AMP URLs active on your website. Barry Schwartz on September 21, 2016 at 9:04 am More Google will now have AMP trump App URLs in the Google mobile search results. That means if a website has both AMP URLs enabled and also has a mobile app with Firebase App Indexing (formerly Google App Indexing), Google will show the user, even if they downloaded your app, the AMP URL over the deep link to the page within your app. Google quietly posted this in their data anomalies page, where they wrote: Search results on mobile devices have begun to direct users to the equivalent AMP page, in preference to the equivalent app or web page. This might result in a decrease of traffic to your app pages when an equivalent AMP page exists. Google’s John Mueller confirmed this for me on Twitter saying, “Yes, at the moment if an AMP exists for a given URL then we will send the user to that AMP not the deep link.” Again, if your website visitor downloaded your app and you deployed Firebase App Indexing, yesterday, Google would have sent the user to your app. Now, since AMP is rolling out to the core Google mobile search results, that user will be taken to the AMP URL instead. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles AMP -- Accelerated Mobile Pages -- begin global rollout in Google mobile search results Google introduces the 'search live coverage carousel' for real-time indexing & search results Google App Indexing becomes Firebase App Indexing App Indexing & The New Frontier Of SEO: App Packs & App Store Search Channel: SEOGoogle: Accelerated Mobile Pages / AMPGoogle: App IndexingGoogle: MobileGoogle: Mobile Friendly UpdateGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE 4 ways to improve your value as a strategic SEO partner Sometimes retaining clients is about more than doing great SEO work. Columnist Derek Edmond explains how to increase your value through improved client relationships. Derek Edmond on September 21, 2016 at 9:29 am More We’ve been in “sprint mode” with one of our clients throughout the quarter. Our key point of contact with this client has been fielding communication from all angles, with respect to a site redesign, international campaign initiatives and on communicating performance to senior leadership. Sometimes it seems like our entire week is spent executing on behalf of this organization (even though I know we’re tackling so much more). But the real win is when this client refers new prospects to us because of the dedication we put in. The real win is when we know our organization is a part of the marketing plan in the fourth quarter — and when they expand their programs because we can show real results that impact the bottom line. It takes time and hard work to build relationships with clients. And through the highs and lows of providing SEO consulting and management to other organizations, I’ve come to realize four principles essential in retaining and improving client relationships. This column is designed to dig into some of the details that have made us successful in becoming a more valuable partner to the organizations we represent. Build better reporting dashboards The most important way to prove additional value as an SEO professional is through better performance reporting. It seems silly when I look back (a decade ago!) and realize how much additional impact we were able to provide by just adding charts and tables to our Excel reporting data. Example Dashboard from ReportGarden In today’s marketing environment, technological innovation makes it inexcusable for SEO professionals to ignore the importance of solid reporting dashboards. Check out survey data from this Black Ink Report on C-Level Marketing, which highlights the obstacles that impede a marketer’s ability to succeed at their top initiatives. At the top? Access to more advanced analytics and insights to make smarter decisions. But access requires greater management and better communication of this information as well. With so much data at our fingertips, it is imperative that SEO professionals distill information appropriately, highlighting key takeaways but still providing access to the entire dataset. We use a combination of functionality provided in Google Analytics and third-party resources for presentation in management communications. Here is a quick snapshot of important reporting elements to consider: Key functionality in Google Analytics Create and customize Dashboards — curating the most important data points for our clients. Report Shortcuts for faster access to reports — providing easy access to commonly accessed information. How to use Custom Segments — a mechanism for analyzing subsets of Google Analytics data. Third-party resources  Google Analytics Solutions Gallery — in-product solutions such as dashboards, custom reports and segments for Google Analytics. DashThis and Report Garden — commercial resources for generating charts and visualizations. By better visualizing data, we can improve the effectiveness of communication on key wins, performance and important next steps in program development. Learn complementary software applications Web analytics software is just one of the many technologies our typical client contacts have at their disposal. Have you asked your client(s) about the technology stack, in terms of software applications and vendors, behind their marketing program? If you were to map it visually, is it as chaotic as what’s depicted below? (Courtesy of Travis Wright using the Ghostery application) A mess of marketing technology connection points via presentation: Building Your Ultimate Marketing Stack. Hopefully not! But more importantly, it is critical to realize the role marketing technology plays in your client contact’s organization. As such, SEOs must understand how these technologies can work to either augment SEO program tactics or demonstrate performance. Here is a short list of newer technologies and how we try to leverage them for SEO performance. Augmenting SEO programs & demonstrating performance Marketing automation. These applications help with SEO landing page development, prospect/customer reporting and assessing overall program performance. Content curation. Technology in this category assists in creating keyword-specific destinations, anchor content or “content hubs” for competitive keyword targets. Heat mapping and A/B testing. This type of software helps to validate/support on-site SEO, as well as providing direction on conversion optimization recommendations. Account-based marketing. These applications help focus efforts on-site and off-site, based on targeted audience behavior. Ten years ago, most marketers barely knew how to use the vast majority of these applications. Some (most?) probably still don’t. By embracing the opportunity to learn complementary software applications, we’re better able to execute SEO tactics and demonstrate the impact we can provide to our client programs. Understand your client’s range of obligations As an SEO vendor, our number one priority is to generate results — traffic, leads, sales and so on — from search engines like Google. SEO is one of the many priorities and obligations our client has to deal with on a daily basis. Check out findings from this Ascend2 report on the State of Lead Generation, which illustrates a range of demands and tactics B2B marketers need to apply. Based on survey responses, search engine optimization ranks a disappointing fifth in terms of effectiveness. SEO professionals need to understand where SEO fits into a client’s list of priorities and make certain their recommendations will fit within the entire digital marketing mix. Two short examples: For one client, we have been pushing the need to fix their URLs associated with geotargeted subdirectories per Google guidelines. We’d been waiting several months for its implementation and were finally able to get buy-in when we connected it to a brand refresh on the site design. In another example, a client’s new priority for leveraging YouTube allowed us to implement new landing pages with YouTube video embeds as a primary focus. These web pages helped support keyword strategy and cross-link into core content marketing assets. While we obviously want SEO to be at the top of any implementation list, good SEOs understand that we must balance our priorities with our client’s overarching program objectives. More importantly, SEO professionals need to understand how to leverage new client initiatives in a way that can benefit organic search performance, in direct and indirect manners. Network, network and network (in their industry!) It’s challenging to work with clients in other industries because it requires understanding completely new business strategies and target markets. One of the most important ways we’ve become successful at “learning” these new markets is through industry networking and communication. Consider these ideas and applied tactics. Attend user conferences either produced or associated with the client’s core offerings. Attend local events (or national events, if budgets allow) related to the client’s industry. Interview various client team members, prospects, and even partners to learn more about target markets and buyer behavior. How do these initiatives aid in SEO? Here are a couple of ways we’ve realized value. Developing content marketing for a range of collaborative content campaigns. Networking beyond social media designed to acquire inbound links through direct communication and content marketing execution. Networking in action Don’t believe this will work? We’ve worked with one industrial organization for well over two years, focusing on SEO-centric content marketing efforts. Our tactics include interviews at industry events, social media networking and content development based on these efforts. Here is a look at this organization’s acquired links for the past year, via screen shot from Buzzsumo. Final thoughts The perspective in this column leans towards agencies, consultants or outsourced SEO partners. That said, these ideas could be relevant to in-house SEO professionals as well. At a basic level, regardless of role, SEO professionals need to demonstrate that they are part of the revenue-generating side of the organization. We can do this through improvements in performance reporting and understanding of technology that complements/augments an SEO program. You should also immerse yourself in the applicable industries and needs of target markets. This helps improve the direction of keyword strategy and tactics applied through content and communication for link acquisition. And finally, don’t forget the myriad of obligations client contacts and supervisors or leadership have. We are never going to keep every client happy all the time or retain all business in the face of factors beyond our control. But by focusing in the four areas defined above, I’ve experienced more success than failure in proving value to our clients. What did I miss? What other tactics, beyond the direct success in SEO, work well for your organization? Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Derek Edmond Derek Edmond is a Managing Partner for KoMarketing, a B2B online marketing agency specializing in search, social media, and content marketing. With over 10 years experience, Derek has worked with a range of organizations from the Fortune 500 to venture-backed startups and small businesses. Related Articles How To Have A Great Relationship With Your Link Builder Brand Bidding & PPC Optimization: Partner Relationships (Part 4 of 8) How To Overcome Your Client's Expectations Of Impossible Results How To Build The Best Relationships, Err...I Mean Links All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A Google Just Got Rid of AdWords Converted Clicks. Now What? by Dave McIninch  |   September 21, 2016  |  4,536 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Today, Google ends support for Converted Clicks in Google AdWords. Advertisers still using this metric in reports or for Target CPA bidding need to take a few steps to successfully migrate to the Conversions metrics instead. This article outlines how this change may affect you and what you need to do. What This Change Means Converted Clicks is a metric that came about in 2001 with the introduction of conversion tracking, and has lost much of its relevance since AdWords made updates to the Conversions column in 2015, at which point AdWords encouraged anyone still using Converted Clicks for bidding or reporting to switch to the Conversions metric. Now, AdWords has decided to retire the old metric to simplify reporting and conversion tracking, which pre-September 21 offered advertisers the choice between aligning bid strategy with Conversions or Converted Clicks. Whom This Change Affects To figure out whether you need to take action, ask yourself: Are you using automated bidding, namely Target CPA bidding, for your PPC campaigns? If you are not, then you're in the clear and no changes are required of you. The only changes you will notice in AdWords come September 21 will be in reports, where the Converted Clicks column will be retired. If you do have automated bidding set up, ask yourself the next question: Have you aligned your Target CPA bid strategy with Converted Clicks or Conversions? If you're aligned with Conversions already, there are no actions that you need to make. The only change will be in reports. So, if you've aligned your automated bidding to Converted Clicks, and you see a "Converted Clicks is going away" alert message in the Tools tab under Conversions, you will need to complete several steps to migrate to Conversions to avoid causing any disruptions to your campaigns. Why People Aligned Bids to Converted Clicks and Not Conversions You may be wondering why anyone would still be using Converted Clicks for bidding and reporting. Likely, it came down to the inconvenience of the switch. First it's important to understand why a bidding strategy focused on only key conversions is more effective than bidding for all conversions. Consider the following example: Imagine that an agency uses an automated bidding strategy aligned with Conversions, without filtering certain conversion types. That agency reports an average cost per conversion of $20, which averages the cost for newsletter subscriptions, resource downloads, actual sales, and more, combined. Had the agency isolated only actual sales within the Conversions column, it would have seen that it costs closer to $50 for a sale. But by structuring bids around the $20 average cost, bids are too low to convert actual sales, and the retailer loses business. By counting the click that lead to a conversion, you are essentially able to develop a bidding strategy that focuses on only key conversions (given you configured the conversion action effectively). Using the filtering options for Conversions offers similar results. Those who thought Converted Clicks worked well enough for their campaigns may have been reluctant to make the switch simply because it involved a bit of work for similar results. Steps to Migrate With all that in mind, if you still use Converted Clicks, here are the steps for ensuring your campaign performance is not affected. 1. Change the conversion bid metric from Converted Clicks to Conversions From the Tools menu at the top, select Conversions. Then select Settings on the right, and switch the Conversion bid metric from Converted Clicks to Conversions. You can also click to include cross-device conversions, or wait until AdWords applies this automatically this month. If you don't align your bids with Conversions on your own, AdWords will do it for you. If you find, once you make this adjustment, that there is a great difference between the number of Conversions and the number of Converted Clicks in your account, you will likely see a change in performance or bids, or both. Continue to the next few steps to avoid those issues. 2. Set your Conversion action count to one, so bid strategy isn't affected Change the conversion count from Every to One under Conversion actions, in the Tools tab, to avoid counting every conversion you have. If you don't change the count setting to One, the change from Converted Clicks to Conversions might destabilize the behavior of AdWords bidding strategies. If you don't want to make this change manually, Google offers a migration tool to automate this change where applicable. 3. Include/exclude conversions from conversion column (optional) Setting the conversion count from Every to One is only the first step to better align Conversions with the Converted Clicks metric that's going away. You may have a bunch of conversion actions, but you can tell AdWords not to tally up certain types of conversions to omit certain actions that are less relevant to your bidding strategy. Remember, AdWords bid strategies work off of the Conversion metric, not the All Conversions metric. If you don't want a particular conversion action to influence the behavior of a bid strategy, simply uncheck the "Include in Conversions" setting. So as long as you made the changes in steps one and two, when you run Target CPA Bidding for Conversions there shouldn't be a significant change in the results or spend. 4. No changes to bid strategy necessary, but AdWords may change your CPA Targets automatically AdWords has stated that it "may also adjust your CPA targets to avoid significant fluctuations in your campaign spending"; it's important, therefore, to make sure the above steps have been configured correctly so there is as little fluctuation in CPA targets as possible. While you make these changes, take advantage of the time you spend in AdWords to do a little housekeeping to improve accounts performance, and you shouldn't have to worry about bid changes or any negative repercussions from this update. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Dave McIninch is chief revenue officer of Acquisio, provider of software that facilitates customer acquisition via ad platforms such as Google AdWords, Facebook Ads, and Bing Ads. Dave leads sales, marketing, and account management at Acquisio. LinkedIn: Dave McIninch Twitter: @DavidMcIninch Tweet Advertising, E-Commerce, Google, Metrics, PPC Campaigns, Search Engine Marketing You may also like How to Manage Your Google Search Console Like a Pro Links, the Ranking Factor That Real Estate (and Other) Websites ... Four SEO Tips to Apply to Your E-Commerce Website Today Cyber Monday and Black Friday Paid Search Keyword Trends The 20 Most Popular Halloween Costumes by Paid Search Spend How Google Search Has Changed in 2016 [Infographic] Six Steps to Creating a Successful Infographic for Your Business ... Four PPC Tips to Capture Consumer Cheer (and Cash) This Holiday ... The Most Effective PPC Channels Four Steps to Lowering Your PPC Costs The ROI of AdWords Spend for B2B Firms The 11 Most Common Website SEO Issues [Infographic] Does Your Page Load Time Affect Search Results? What You Need to ... How to Expand Your Core Keyword List: Four Tools You've Never ... JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes by Ayaz Nanji Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch by Nyima Bieber The Top 20 Content Marketing Influencers of 2016 by Ayaz Nanji Four Ways to Take Full Advantage of Email Marketing With ... by John Thies The Ultimate Homepage Planning Checklist [Infographic] by Barry Feldman See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? Brand Engagement for B2B: Avenue CEO Bob Domenz on Marketing Smarts ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Top 4 Things You Should Know on Your Journey to Content Marketing ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Content Bringing Adtech In-House: Success or Stress for Brand Marketers? 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Advertising The Most Loved, Fun, Relevant, Engaging, Social, and Helpful Brands 11/16/2016 at 9:00 AM Brand Management Five Small Business Marketing and Retention Trends and ideas for 2017 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships Supercharge Your Email Marketing With Phone Calls 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing Holiday Marketing Campaigns: 'Tis the Season for Pinterest ... 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How Consumers Use Amazon: Device, Search, and Purchase Trends 11/15/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing What Smart, Successful Local Businesses Do to Attract Holiday ... 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Mobile What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes 11/14/2016 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing Media Channels the Brightest B2B Marketers Use to Drive Leads ... 11/12/2016 at 10:00 AM Sales #SocialSkim: Facebook Sets Sights on LinkedIn, Trials TV Ads (Kinda): ... 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How to Manage Your Google Search Console Like a Pro 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Six Content Performance Metrics You Can't Live Without 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Gift Preferences of Employees 11/11/2016 at 9:00 AM General Management Links, the Ranking Factor That Real Estate (and Other) Websites Ignore 11/10/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Five Ways Marketing Analytics Is Broken (and How to Fix It) 11/10/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Role of Mobile in Holiday Shopping [Infographic] 11/10/2016 at 9:00 AM Mobile How to Pull Off a B2B Rebrand While Growing Sales and Fighting ... 11/9/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Videos Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Know-How Exchange Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2016 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications Application Development IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Artificial Intelligence Today and Tomorrow By Kris Hammond Follow Opinion ArtificiaI intelligence, APIs and the transformation of computer science How is software development and design changing as more companies open source their A.I. platforms? More like this Review: TensorFlow shines a light on deep learning 13 frameworks for mastering machine learning Opening Siri to developers should make the A.I. system smarter on IDG Answers How does 5G compare to 4G and when will it be available? Credit: Thinkstock Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Sep 21, 2016 7:30 AM PT Like this article? thumbsup +2 thumbsdown RELATED TOPICS Application Development Artificial Intelligence (AI) Facebook tools Comments These are exciting times in the world of artificial intelligence as advanced capabilities escape the labs and become central to mainstream products -- think Amazon Echo -- and increasingly accessible to everyday software developers. Recently, we’ve seen a run of large companies open-sourcing their A.I. platform APIs. Google has open-sourced TensorFlow, its machine learning library. Not to be outdone, Amazon has released its TensorFlow competitor DSSTNE (or Deep Scalable Sparse Tensor Network) and Facebook has done the same with fastText, its machine learning engine for text classification and language recognition. Those big-company A.I. platforms join -- and in some sense compete with -- notable open source deep learning libraries like Caffe, Theano and Torch. In many ways, open sourcing access to A.I. represents the culmination of the “API economy,” where software developers set aside their not-invented-here pride of creation and instead access the work done by others -- and in the process accelerate their own development work -- via API hooks. If software development-by-API made sense in the past, it may be the only practical path forward when it comes to fully leveraging new capabilities in the artificial intelligence field. Indeed, the impact of these moves can’t be overstated. On a business level, they significantly lower the barrier for entrepreneurs looking to start up the next wave of artificial intelligence-driven companies by democratizing access to machine learning resources. That’s hugely significant. But I’d argue for an even more fundamental change: Open source A.I. APIs represent the beginning of a transformation of computer science (CS) into a field focused on impact. Innovators, integrators and designers At its most basic, CS can be described as people working on new algorithms or improvements to existing ones, with new “inventions” being built on the back of what came before it. In CS, there are two standard ways of doing this: creating libraries of functionality that developers can build into their own applications; or providing access to functionality in one fell swoop via API. Software development via API is hardly new. Microsoft became a behemoth on the strength of its platform APIs and the swarms of developers that consumed them. More recently, SaaS companies like Salesforce and Google have offered developers the ability to extend their platforms via API. And in the latest trend, new programming concepts like microservices and bots are centered on assembling applications via modular, distributed processes accessed via open APIs. The latest surge in A.I. APIs opens up a whole new world of capabilities to software developers. Need an engine that can understand spoken language, recognize a single face from a crowd of thousands, pull meaning from a mountain of social media sentiment or act as the "brain" behind an industrial robot or self-driving car? Yesterday’s programmatic algorithms won’t cut it; you need machine learning and A.I. Like yesterday’s code libraries, you could try to build A.I. platforms yourself -- if you had a few years and a dozen data scientists to throw at the problem. Or you can access A.I. engines like IBM’s Watson or Google’s TensorFlow “as-a-service,” taking advantage of the planet’s most advanced, fundamental CS work via an API call. When one looks at the world of software in this way, the choice for most companies today is straightforward: spend years of effort and millions of dollars in expense duplicating extremely important -- but ultimately commodity, especially once it’s open-sourced -- computer science work, or instead focus on leveraging that work to develop and improve their own products and intellectual property. For most businesses, the choice is simple. In this new future, the choice for developers also becomes clear. They can be software innovators, integrators or designers. These roles will slightly overlap in some ways given an individual’s skillset and company needs but by simplifying the roles, its easier to communicate how I envision our way forward. Innovators work out on the edge of research and development, creating new algorithms that have not yet been built and extending the capabilities of those that already exist. Fundamental CS work is always required and absolutely crucial but in today’s open source-driven software environment also increasingly a commodity. Designers focus on crafting new products, solutions and applications, using powerful technologies like machine learning and A.I. -- accessed via open APIs -- to identify new opportunities, create new solutions and solve problems in new ways altogether. Integrators take existing capabilities and build them into new products. Their role is to deal with the nuts and bolts of implementing the designs that bring innovations together. They do not design the algorithms or products; rather, they make them work. It’s absolutely crucial for academia, businesses and even developers themselves to understand the distinctions between these three very different types of software developers. They represent three different skill sets and approaches to the business of software development. For companies, hire wrong and the results can be devastating. Bring on an innovator to do an integration job and nine months later they’ll still be tinkering under the hood. Need some exploratory data work done? Hire an innovator, yes, but don’t expect them to build your industry’s next breakout product. For individual developers, mismatched skills and ambitions can be just as damaging, not only to someone's career path but day-to-day enjoyment of the job and task at hand. More than ever in a computer science landscape defined by systems in artificial intelligence and big data manipulation and analytics, not all data scientists and programmers are created equal. That’s not a value judgement, i.e., good vs. bad. It’s about a difference in kind. Innovators, designers and integrators. Tomorrow’s worlds of business -- and software development -- needs them all, and more importantly needs to be able to tell them apart and pick the right tool for the right job. The future of computer science depends on it. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? RELATED TOPICS Application Development Artificial Intelligence (AI) Facebook tools Previous Post Conversation as interface: The 5 types of chatbots Kris Hammond IDG Contributor Network Kris Hammond is Chief Scientist and co-founder of Narrative Science, the leader in advanced language generation for the enterprise. He is also a professor of Computer Science and Journalism at Northwestern University. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Curvature Empowers Healthcare Company to Boost Operational Efficiency Case Study Sponsored Curvature & Sisters of Charity Health System White Paper Curvature's Netsure Helps Biopharma Keep Pace with Rapid Expansion eGuide Sponsored eGuide: A Mobile Security Strategy for Your Workforce White Paper Enterprise Cyber Risk Management - Protecting IT Assets that Matter Go Top Stories Microsoft and Google bury the hatchet in one small way There's one small glimmer of hope in the relationship between Google and Microsoft: Google has joined... Mingis on Tech: Show-and-tell with the new MacBook Pros It's a lot easier to really judge a laptop when you've got it in hand -- especially when it's Apple's... No, Twitter, a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Google Releases New Messaging App, Previews Google Assistant Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 21, 2016 11:20am   Comments Share: Related GOOGL Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Pro: Tech Investors Looking To Rebuy Following Post-Election Selloff Facebook's Fake News; Apple Glasses?; Tesla-Killer?; Snap IPO - Eye On Tech (Seeking Alpha) Related GOOG Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Pro: Tech Investors Looking To Rebuy Following Post-Election Selloff The Vetr community has downgraded $GOOG to 4-Stars (Vetr) Connecting to near and dear ones through messenger services may now be a lot easier and efficient. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s Google announced in its blog spot on Tuesday it is releasing Google Allo, a smart messaging app for Android and iOS.,/p> The company touted Google Allo as having multiple roles — a planner, search engine and communication specialist personalized for users. Just as wine becomes better with age, Google vouches that the more a user uses it, the more useful it becomes. The Smart Reply feature in the new app, according to Google, will help users keep the conversation going even when on the move. So, a friend inquiring as to whether the user is on his or her way may not have to wait until the primary user is free to reply. A simple tab will generate replies. Related Link: Analysts See Facebook, Google Able To Withstand Ad Dollar Competition From Snapchat; Twitter Not So Much What's more, the Smart Reply feature gives suggestions to send replies for some messages. This will save the user the ordeal of overthinking fitting replies. What is life without emojis, photos and stickers? Realizing the pulse of users, Google has created a rich canvas on which users can express themselves. Users can also tinker with the size of the text and emojis by merely dragging the send button up and down. Google also said it would introduce users to a preview version of the Google Assistant through Google Allo, which lets users converse with Google. Users can now have an easy way of leaving conversation with friends by just typing @google to bring the Assistant into any group chat. Google also assures that chats through Google Allo is incognito mode in addition to encryption using industry standard technologies like Transport Layer Security. The icing on the cake? Users can also message friends who aren't using Google Allo though SMS, or app preview messages for android users. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Google AlloNews Tech General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Some Of The Most Notable Changes This 13F Season Pro: Tech Investors Looking To Rebuy Following Post-Election Selloff Amazon Vs. President-Elect Trump: Should Investors Be Concerned? Apple Doesn't Set The Table Anymore Presidents And Other Prominent Figures Who Passed On Huge Salaries Like Trump Says He Will Facebook's Price Target Gets Cropped By MKM View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GOOGL Trending Recent 1 SAEX, DRYS: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 PBR, PTCT: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 80... 4 GLD, DUST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start R... 5 XLK, GRPN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital... 6 DRYS, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive Ra... 7 RPRX, GIII: 20 Stocks Moving In... 1 PIN, INDL: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 2 FXI, GXC: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 3 EPP, EWJ: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 4 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 5 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 6 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting... 7 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Skechers: Time To Go As It Makes A New Low? Live Cattle Futures Move Up
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Mobility Google Allo: What business users need to know Google recently released its new messaging app, Allo. Here are the security and productivity features that professionals will find useful. By Conner Forrest | September 21, 2016, 6:34 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Google On Tuesday, Google officially released Allo, its new smart messaging app for Android and iOS. The app offers many chat features, but it also includes some security and productivity capabilities that professionals will find useful. Allo was originally announced at the 2016 Google I/O conference in May, alongside video calling app Duo. While it allows users to change font sizes, or add effects and emojis, it also provides an incognito mode, a new smart reply feature, and a virtual assistant, potentially making it a useful enterprise tool. The concept of secure messaging, particularly relative to encryption, has been growing in popularity since Apple's battle with the FBI over iPhone encryption earlier this year. There are a plethora of third-party apps available to accomplish this, but Google takes it a step further by integrating it into Allo. SEE: AI, VR, messaging, and wearables: Everything you need to know from Google I/O 2016 As part of the Allo experience, all messages are encrypted through Transport Layer Security (TLS). However, users can also chat in "Incognito Mode," which offers "end-to-end encryption and additional privacy features like discreet notifications and message expiration," according to a Google blog post announcing Allo's availability. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter On the other end of the competitive spectrum, Apple's iMessage has end-to-end encryption standard for all users. However, Allo is cross-platform, while iMessage is not, and Allo can even send messages to Android users who haven't installed the app. Smart Reply is a new feature that makes it easier and quicker to respond to messages. For example, the tool will suggest responses based on previous messages, allowing users to tap a potential response, instead of writing it out. Google Allo also comes with a new virtual assistant called Google Assistant, which will only be available in preview for now. Think of it like a chatbot, similar to what you'd find in Slack. Users type @google to bring the Assistant into a group chat, or to converse with it one-on-one. Users can then query the Assistant for weather, traffic, flight status, or even ask it to bring up a YouTube video of a task they are trying to accomplish. This is the "intelligent" part of the app, and Google Assistant will be moving into other Google products in the future, the blog post said. One specific feature, that I haven't been able to confirm or deny, would be the integration of Allo with corporate Gmail accounts. If Allo could search emails, or even allow access to Gmail chat, it would provide even more value to professional users. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Google Allo was officially released on Tuesday, with new security and productivity features that will help professional users. Allo messages are encrypted, and a new Incognito Mode brings end-to-end encryption and extra security features. Smart Reply and Google Assistant make it easier to communicate with colleagues, and make plans for projects or travel. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see US government officially recalls Samsung Galaxy Note7 over battery concerns (TechRepublic) The future of Android likely means the death of Android (ZDNet) Android 7.0 Nougat: What business users need to know and when it's coming (TechRepublic) Google's messaging mess is desperately in need of consistency (ZDNet) Google launches its Slack competitor, Spaces (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Slashdot is powered by your submissions, so send in your scoop   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 86256117 story Google Backs Off On Previously Announced Allo Privacy Feature (theverge.com) 86 Posted by msmash on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @09:51AM from the backtracking dept. When Google first unveiled its Allo messaging app, the company said it would not keep a log of chats you have with people when in incognito mode. The company released Allo for iOS and Android users last night, and it seems it is reneging on some of those promises. The Verge reports:The version of Allo rolling out today will store all non-incognito messages by default -- a clear change from Google's earlier statements that the app would only store messages transiently and in non-identifiable form. The records will now persist until the user actively deletes them, giving Google default access to a full history of conversations in the app. Users can also avoid the logging by using Alo's Incognito Mode, which is still fully end-to-end encrypted and unchanged from the initial announcement. Like Hangouts and Gmail, Allo messages will still be encrypted between the device and Google servers, and stored on servers using encryption that leaves the messages accessible to Google's algorithms. According to Google, the change was made to improve the Allo assistant's smart reply feature, which generates suggested responses to a given conversation. Like most machine learning systems, the smart replies work better with more data. As the Allo team tested those replies, they decided the performance boost from permanently stored messages was worth giving up privacy benefits of transient storage. google privacy allo ← Related Links → Netflix Wants 50% Of Its Library To Be Original Content Google Allo Messaging App Launches For iOS and Android Encryption App Signal Wins Fight Against FBI Subpoena and Gag Order Microsoft Signature PC Requirements Now Blocks Linux Installation: Reports This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. Google Backs Off On Previously Announced Allo Privacy Feature More Login Google Backs Off On Previously Announced Allo Privacy Feature Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 86 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Who cares about Allo? (Score:2) by danbob999 ( 2490674 ) writes: Just improve Gtalk/Hangouts/whatever the new name is. Re: (Score:2) by danbob999 ( 2490674 ) writes: That's exactly what I am going to do. And I bet I won't be alone, and this will be a failure. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by H3lldr0p ( 40304 ) writes: I've seen the same question being asked everywhere and since there's been no official answer, I'm going to go with "internal politics". No company is immune from it. Even engineers have politics. It's what greases the wheels of human interactions. So I'm going to guess it's the same story here. Someone came up with a nifty way to do IM, presented it to their boss, it got pushed up until it became a competing project. And instead of integrating the projects together, the teams were forced to fight for resource Re:Who cares about Allo? (Score:5, Insightful) by Opportunist ( 166417 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:35AM (#52931387) I could imagine it was a bit like an engineer pondering "Hey, I know something! If we implement an IM where people can communicate anonymously and without the fear that their communication is recorded, we could get a ton of security conscious people to use it! And there isn't one like that right now, at least not in the public view, every other IM has of course all the features I'd want to implement, but they all also include corporate snooping." This went up and down the various offices, changed hands, went from one table to the next, until one of the higher ups saw it and said "That's a great idea, and let's add corporate snooping so we can monetize it". And so the 99th IM with exactly the same "feature" set nobody wants was created. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Gr8Apes ( 679165 ) writes: Adium/Pidgin with OTR.... usable across a multitude of current server based IM systems and about as secure as you can be, considering all IMs can be intercepted and recorded. Add Jitsi to the list (Score:2) by DrYak ( 748999 ) writes: Adium/Pidgin with OTR.... Jitsi is another interesting clients. - Supports XMPP/Jabber/Jingle and SIP (a little bit less options available than Pidgin) - It also has support for OTR (so a Pidgin+OTR user can have a end-to-end encrypted chat with a Jitsi user, all this over a Jabber connection with Google Talk/Hangouts) - It also has support for ZRTP (so Jitsi user and, e.g.: a Twinkle user, can have a end-to-end encrypted Voice-call, over some random SIP provider). 3 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by allo ( 1728082 ) writes: I care. SCNR. Re: (Score:2) by danbob999 ( 2490674 ) writes: Why? What feature does Allo bring that you were waiting for? Re: (Score:2) by reboot246 ( 623534 ) writes: Look at his username. Re: (Score:2) by allo ( 1728082 ) writes: I should sue google, i am having the older rights ;-). 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Wrong decision (Score:5, Insightful) by Errol backfiring ( 1280012 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @09:57AM (#52931091) Journal the Allo team .. decided .. was worth giving up privacy benefits That is not for the dev team to decide. Let the user decide it. But off course, this is Google. There Is No Such Thing As Privacy. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by EETech1 ( 1179269 ) writes: Smart Reply... Let Google think and speak for you now too! The better we get to know you, the less you'll have to think about anything... Re:Wrong decision (Score:4, Informative) by 93 Escort Wagon ( 326346 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:31AM (#52931357) The user does decide. They use incognito, or not. They delete the data, or not. You drink the Google Koolaid, or not. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Dr. Evil ( 3501 ) writes: "Are you implying that pointing out a blatant misrepresentation counts as drinking koolaid?" The expression comes from cult leaders who gave their followers poison. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drinking_the_Kool-Aid [wikipedia.org]. The implication is that you believe so much in the leader's vision, that you'll drink poison if they command you, I think does compare to believing in Google's vision so much that you'll sacrifice your privacy for their free, convenient apps. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Opportunist ( 166417 ) writes: Yeah. Uhhuh. If you believe that, I got a beautiful, only slightly used, bridge near the harbor of SF to sell. Re: (Score:2) by chihowa ( 366380 ) writes: For that matter, the internal culture of the company is such that employees would call it out if the FCC's auditors didn't. The internal culture that "decided the performance boost from permanently stored messages was worth giving up privacy benefits of transient storage"? The internal culture made up of people who voluntarily chose to work for the largest personal data-mining advertising company in the world? The internal culture of the company that, as you just pointed out, has to be continually audited by the FCC because of previous privacy abuses? Yeah, I have a hard time putting faith in the integrity and commitment to priva 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by bfpierce ( 4312717 ) writes: It's absolutely in the dev team decision domain, you know, the whole 'tradeoffs' thing. Maybe they don't teach that these days. Don't use the app if it offends your sensibilities, or if you really 'must' use it, use the incognito mode. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by irrational_design ( 1895848 ) writes: Wait, I thought that was Facebook's tagline. Re: (Score:2) by rainer_d ( 115765 ) writes: the Allo team .. decided .. was worth giving up privacy benefits That is not for the dev team to decide. Let the user decide it. Your idea of the "users" of Google is just wrong. Their users are the companies that pay for the ads. What you think are users are really the products that are sold to the actual users. Re: Wrong decision (Score:1) by hackwrench ( 573697 ) writes: I think you have confused users with customers. The users are the people who are using the software to hold conversations. The customers are the ad people. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Why does anyone trust Google anymore? (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:01AM (#52931121) Why does anyone trust Google anymore? They are so far beyond evil it's not even funny. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by sittingnut ( 88521 ) writes: one has to be born idiot loser to trust google, given their record. not to mention employing war criminals like jared cohen? Re: (Score:2) by houghi ( 78078 ) writes: I stopped trusting them when I saw what they did to DejaNews.com and that was before they were famous. Re: (Score:2) by mlw4428 ( 1029576 ) writes: How are they evil? Sure they're selling some information...but I guess I just don't equate that with being evil. But not only that you're suggesting that they're "far beyond evil." What does that mean? Has Google started assassinating people? I mean "beyond evil it's not even funny" just seems like a massive stretch. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Qbertino ( 265505 ) writes: Why does anyone trust Google anymore? They are so far beyond evil it's not even funny.   Yeah. Facebook and WhatsCrap are much more trustworthy. Re: Why does anyone trust Google anymore? (Score:1) by hackwrench ( 573697 ) writes: I think you misspelled Farcebook. Re: (Score:2) by Actually, I do RTFA ( 1058596 ) writes: Why did anyone trust Google ever? Re: (Score:2) by HiThere ( 15173 ) writes: While evil, I wouldn't call it beyond evil. They did, after all, make their policy change publicly available knowledge. If they'd kept it secret they would have deserved your hyperbole. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: Not really. Compared to most tech companies they are saints. Sure, we would prefer they didn't log and track everything, but at least they don't give the raw data to advertisers or willingly and it to law enforcement without a warrant. In the scheme of things they are relatively benign and at least provide some privacy controls and useful services when you do let them log. Compared to people like Facebook... Am i missing something? (Score:5, Insightful) by hyperar ( 3992287 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:03AM (#52931135) When Google first unveiled its Allo messaging app, the company said it would not keep a log of chats you have with people when in incognito mode. The version of Allo rolling out today will store all non-incognito messages by default The first sentence talks about INCOGNITO messages and the second about NON-INCOGNITO ones. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:1) by genessy ( 587377 ) writes: I wondered the exact same thing. I wonder just who is suffering from a reading comprehension disability, us or the poster. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by CByrd17 ( 987455 ) writes: The quote is misleading. What Google is backing off is the idea that ALL messages would be transient. Now only Incognito ones will be. Re: (Score:2) by hyperar ( 3992287 ) writes: The quote is misleading. What Google is backing off is the idea that ALL messages would be transient. Now only Incognito ones will be. I really didn't follow Google's advertisement of Allo, so i really didn't understand the point of the article, if Google actually advertised what you said, now i get it, i just didn't get that from the story. Re: (Score:2) by hyperar ( 3992287 ) writes: Of course you didn't get it from the story, because you didn't RTFA. See the linked "reneging on some of those promises". The very first paragraph of that article Alongside the end-to-end-encrypted Incognito Mode, the Allo team talked about bold new message retention practices, storing messages only transiently rather than indefinitely. Saying alongside incognito means they are talking about something other than incognito. But that wasn't in the article, was it?, it was in another page, the article is poorly written Re: (Score:2) by amRadioHed ( 463061 ) writes: But the original Verge article only says that Google won't store your messages on their servers, it's not talking about storing them on your phone. And now this article is saying the same thing, the messages will be kept on your phone but not on Google's servers. No change. Whoever wrote this article is confused. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by DaTrueDave ( 992134 ) * writes: It's not simply "misleading," it's downright incorrect. This is the type of libel that could result in legal consequences. Defaults (Score:2) by DrYak ( 748999 ) writes: The first sentence talks about INCOGNITO messages and the second about NON-INCOGNITO ones. Yup, you're missing something : default setting. By default, on Allo, every conversation is non-incognito. You need to explicitely jumps some (albeit small) hoops to gain privacy by accessing the incognito mode (it works the same as the various "incognito tabs", "porn mode tabs", etc. that have appeared on browsers). For everyone else, Google's AI will mine the shit out of everything you say - "to help make the AI better by better knowing you, and thus giving you more relevant answers and auto-suggestions" (i 1 reply beneath your current threshold. If it's stored - it's vulnerable (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: May as well throw away any claim of privacy. Getting fed up with the whole premise that absolute 100% privacy outside of intended recipient is NOT DEFAULT AND NOT POSSIBLE. Settings? (Score:2) by cmiller173 ( 641510 ) writes: I'm curious. In the settings you can disconnect the app from your google account. Would that prevent the logging of non-incognito messages? Re: (Score:2) by Actually, I do RTFA ( 1058596 ) writes: Nope. A large part of the value of the messages is as a corpus for machine learning. Re: (Score:2) by Opportunist ( 166417 ) writes: I can't help but be a little bit turned on by this... Re: (Score:2) by HiThere ( 15173 ) writes: You do know that email is, by default, unencrypted during transmission, don't you? Email has/should always been looked on as being as secure as a post card. The thing about things like GMail is that they provide a convenient place for the company to look at everyones messages not only during transmission, but while stored. Running your own email server doesn't provide you with security during transmission unless you opt-out of the email protocol and replace it with something like https. (Even then there k 1 reply beneath your current threshold. These are our conditions (Score:4, Funny) by houghi ( 78078 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:17AM (#52931263) These are our conditions. We have altered them. Pray we don't alter them any further. Share twitter facebook linkedin Why trust Google? (Score:4, Insightful) by Noryungi ( 70322 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:24AM (#52931325) Homepage Journal No privacy? Use Signal [eff.org]. One more time, with feelings: use Signal. Use Signal. Use Signal. [whispersystems.org] Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Herschel Cohen ( 568 ) writes: >> Use Signal Seconded ... or thirded (if late) ... or even fourthed (if very late) ... Re: (Score:2) by chihowa ( 366380 ) writes: System requirements: Android 2.3 and up, with Google Play Services. If you want privacy from Google's snooping, use a messenger that requires that Google have closed source system-level services running on your phone and makes extensive use of Google's services for key exchange! Privacy! Re: (Score:2) by Rexdude ( 747457 ) writes: Good luck getting all the people you currently communicate with to switch over, unless they're all security experts or whistleblowers. Network effect's a real party pooper. If only XMPP had taken off the way email did. Not encrypted at all (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: It's not encrypted at all if google can read your messages. If google can read your messages then the government can read your messages and some other government can read them and bad hackers can read your messages. I'm seeing pattern here... (Score:3) by BlueCoder ( 223005 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @10:53AM (#52931553) Google knows we want real encrypted messaging on phones. It should always be an option to not be tracked. The better results of ____ is a pretext. All governments are going to pressure them to store conversation logs. They know people will notice a change of terms and are looking for the backlash to have something to show those governments. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Actually, I do RTFA ( 1058596 ) writes: TFS, not even TFA, states a very convincing alternative rationale: they want the data to use as a corpus for their machine learning algorithms. Re: (Score:2) by Guillermito ( 187510 ) writes: Who is "we"? Is there really such a huge demand for encrypted messaging? I'm sure most people value more the convenience of being able to switch devices and still see their chat history across all of them over the enhanced privacy they would get by not having their messages centrally stored. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. I'm Shocked! Shocked, I say... (Score:5, Insightful) by macs4all ( 973270 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @11:23AM (#52931801) "...As the Allo team tested those replies, they decided the performance boost from permanently stored messages was worth giving up privacy benefits of transient storage." Chuckle. Chort. Snigger. Guffaw... Why do they even bother to TRY an LIE anymore? Share twitter facebook linkedin The real question (Score:4, Insightful) by DaDaDaaaaa ( 2720359 ) writes: on Wednesday September 21, 2016 @12:07PM (#52932159) Why the hell would I use a platform purposefully made so that Google can datamine the living shit out of my personal interactions with all my friends and family and spam me with ads while I am talking to them so they can sell me ads to the highest bidder and make more money? It's the equivalents of pigs saying "Wow this slaughter house is so cool, they have free food and it's so comfortable! I think I'm going to stay here!". No thank you. I will keep using Signal and Telegram. Anyone who cares about these gimmicky features is a retard. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Rexdude ( 747457 ) writes: If the group of people you communicate with are privacy conscious enough to use Signal and Telegram, I envy you. Nobody I know uses or cares about Signal, they're all happy sitting with Whatsapp so I'm stuck using that as well. Uh-huh (Score:2) by ThatsNotPudding ( 1045640 ) writes: 'Google decided.' They don't have any canaries at the Chocolate Factory, do they? Incognito is still private (Score:1) by phorm ( 591458 ) writes: This is a pretty poor summary, as others have mentioned. It appears the initial promise was that all messages would be unlogged, but that now only applies to incognito mode. Realistically, as long as this works in "incognito", it's not really a bad thing to log messages in the regular mode. Sometimes there are good reasons to want your chat logs (e.g. if somebody told you how to do something and you need to reference an old chat, etc). Want private? Just go Incognito. Re: (Score:2) by amRadioHed ( 463061 ) writes: No, the initial promise was that the message wouldn't be stored on Google's servers and that is still the case. The author of the article is just confused. Allo? Allo? (Score:1) by tmjva ( 226065 ) writes: And will Herr Flick ever find the painting of the Madonna with the big boobies? Encrypted but not protected. (Score:2) by fahrbot-bot ( 874524 ) writes: ... and stored on servers using encryption that leaves the messages accessible to Google's algorithms. So, not stored securely at all. You keep using that word "incognito" (Score:1) by sttlmark ( 737942 ) writes: I do not think it means what you think it means. Crowd (Score:2) by poofmeisterp ( 650750 ) writes: Quite simply, privacy supports terrorism in many peoples' eyes. The government has backed the concept, but focused on encryption. It looks like another attempt to rewrite the rules to have a win-win (big shocker there). There's more money in winning. Win: Government and people who really think that things like encryption limitation will somehow thwart terrorists are now happy. Google gets points and possibly more investment from people. Win: Google has rewritten the conceptual rules and can now also use tha 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 6 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1358 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 832 commentsWhy Does Twitter Refuse To Shut Down Donald Trump? 748 commentsThe Humans Crashing Into Driverless Cars are Exposing a Key Flaw 735 commentsDonald Trump: America Should Consider "Closing the Internet Up In Some Way" next Microsoft Signature PC Requirements Now Blocks Linux Installation: Reports 491 comments previous Netflix Wants 50% Of Its Library To Be Original Content 187 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 86 of 86 loaded Submit Story Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced. - John Keats FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
null
ROS LBoard 1 Dr Mahathir won’t be attending Bersih 5 rally FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Taiwan asks Google to blur images showing new S. China Sea facilities Reuters | September 21, 2016 Taiwan's defense ministry and coast guard, which directly oversees Itu Aba, said details about the structures are confidential and have not commented on their nature. TAIPEI: Taiwan’s defense ministry said on Wednesday it is asking Google to blur satellite images showing what experts say appear to be new military installations on Itu Aba, Taipei’s sole holding in the disputed South China Sea. The revelation of new military-related construction could raise tensions in the contested waterway, where China’s building of airstrips and other facilities has worried other claimants and the United States. The images seen on Google Earth show four three-pronged structures sitting in a semi-circle just off the northwestern shoreline of Itu Aba, across from an upgraded airstrip and recently constructed port that can dock 3,000-ton frigates. “Under the pre-condition of protecting military secrets and security, we have requested Google blur images of important military facilities,” Taiwan Defense Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi said on Wednesday, after local media published the images on Itu Aba. The United States has urged against the militarization of the South China Sea, following the rapid land reclamation by China on several disputed reefs through dredging, and building air fields and port facilities. Taiwan’s defense ministry and coast guard, which directly oversees Itu Aba, said details about the structures are confidential and have not commented on their nature. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the request. Defense experts in Taiwan said that based on the imagery of the structures and their semi-circular layout, the structures were likely related to defense and could be part of an artillery foundation. “I think definitely it will be for military purposes, but I cannot tell if it is for defending, attacking or monitoring,” said Dustin Wang, a scholar and a former government advisor who has regularly visited Itu Aba. Wang said given the structures’ location which faces the main seaborne traffic, they may relate to surveillance. China, Taiwan, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia and Brunei claim parts or all of the South China Sea, through which trillions of dollars in trade passes. In July, an international court ruled against China in a case brought by the Philippines that rejected China’s claim to a vast swathes of the disputed maritime area. Both China and Taiwan, which China views as a renegade province, vehemently rejected the court ruling. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story ‘Give time to fill PAS spiritual leader post’ 29 migrants dead as boat capsizes off Egypt ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Dr Mahathir won’t be attending Bersih 5 rally Ban on attending rallies: Monash asked to explain Jamal jangan jadi jaguh, pesan Ali Tinju UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be Sanjeevan pun nak naik helikopter tinjau Istana Mantin Forget Vision 2020, says Mahathir Zairil wonders why cops can’t trace Indira’s… Jamal: My friend, Rafizi, sponsored the helicopter ‘Dr M, you are helping to destroy M’sia’s… Baby abduction from hospital ward: Cops arrest couple ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Intimidation of students: Time to say ‘enough’ When fear fills the land Sarawak’s right to repossess petroleum resources Punca sebenar di sebalik kejutan Trump menang Is Zaid angling for a run as MP? Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam More... FMT Bahasa Putrajaya tak terlibat rundingan SPLASH Azalina bidas Wan Azizah gesa kelas semula laporan 1MDB Dr M, anda ‘tolong musnahkan’ ekonomi Malaysia Adenan komited dapatkan kembali hak Sarawak Tuduhan anjur himpunan tanpa notis, Nik Nazmi akan dibicarakan Laporan terhad bajet Pulau Pinang, Guan Eng tegur akhbar Cina More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
null
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home Entertainment Celebrity News Andy Murray Entertainment Is Kim more popular than Kanye? Which person in these power couple pairings is most famous Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are going their separate ways - but who benefited more from the other's fame?  Share ByDavid Ottewell 15:51, 21 SEP 2016 Updated15:52, 21 SEP 2016 Entertainment  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Together Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt - also known as Brangelina - were one of the world's most famous couples, with each individual's fame and notoriety boosted by the status of the other. But, now that the ultimate power duo have decided to split, which of them has the upper hand when it comes to worldwide fame? We looked at Google searches in the UK over the last five years to answer the question about Brad and Angelina - and a range of other celebrity couples and siblings, too. And it turns out Angelina is more famous than Brad, Kim more famous than Kanye - and Noel Gallagher significantly more famous than Liam. (Photo: Getty) Oh, and Declan Donnelly is twice as popular as Anthony McPartlin, too. Maybe they should change their name to “Dec and Ant”. The data comes from Google trends, looking at the number of times people in the UK have searched for a particular celebrity since September 2011. That number is then averaged out over the five-year period. The data therefore only gives an idea of recent fame - or rather, public interest in a particular person. Read More The Brangelina years: Timeline of how Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie fell in and out of love Perhaps that’s why Paul McCartney turns out to be very slightly more famous than John Lennon - or why Charlotte Church is 33% more famous than her ex, Gavin Henson, whose recent rugby career hasn’t been exactly stellar. While Google trends data doesn’t give an absolute ‘fame rating’ it does allow us to accurately compare interest in one person to interest in another. Here, then are some of the results: Angelina Jolie is 37% more famous than Brad Pitt Interest in Angelina peaked in May 2013 when she revealed that she had a preventive double mastectomy to reduce her risk of developing breast cancer. But the truth is, she has been significantly more ‘searched for’ than her soon-to-be-ex husband for most of the past five years. Kim Kardashian is 133% more famous than Kanye West Kanye has done many things, but he’s never broken the internet. Kim had a decent try in November 2014, with huge worldwide online interest in what was, basically, a picture of her naked backside. Both before and after that, though, she has consistently been more searched-for than Kanye. His popularity peaked in February 2016, with the release of his album The Life of Pablo. But even that was less than half as interesting to the public than Kim’s behind. David Beckham is 109% more famous than Victoria Beckham No real surprise here, as Victoria Beckham has been less and less in the public eye since her Spice Girl heyday. In fact there has been only one week in the last five years when Victoria was more searched-for than David - 10-16 July 2016. That was when pictures emerged of her kissing her daughter on the lips, which sparked a huge online debate. David’s peak recent fame came when he was setting up a proposed new Miami-based football team in America. (Photo: Getty) Ozzy Osbourne is 30% more famous than Sharon Osbourne Sharon’s fame has often been greater than her husband’s in recent years - chiefly during the controversial 2013 series of X Factor, when she was a mentor. Ozzy has fewer peaks in popularly but his greater base appeal means that over five years he still averages out as more famous than his wife. Catherine Zeta-Jones is 16% more famous than Michael Douglas She probably wouldn’t have been in the 1980s or even 1990s. And she probably wouldn’t be in America. But in the UK, Zeta-Jones out-fames her ex. The most fame either of them enjoyed over the past five years was in January this year, when Zeta-Jones shone at the premiere of Dad’s Army in London - and also denounced ageism in Hollywood. Michelle Keegan is 140% more famous than Mark Wright No real surprise here. While Wright achieved a fair bit of fame through The Only Way is Essex, his wife Keegan spent six years as of the most popular actors in one of the most popular TV shows in the country. Their fame peaked together in May 2015 when they got married - but even then there were more than twice as many searches for Keegan as for Wright. (Photo: Getty) Noel Gallagher is 75% more famous than Liam Gallagher Other than a couple of weeks in the summer of 2013, the older of the Oasis brothers has been consistently more searched for than the younger over the past five years. (Photo: Getty) Andy Murray is 100% more famous than Jamie Murray Perhaps not surprising given Andy's global success as a singles player, including two Wimbledon titles, and a high profile relationship with wife Kim. Jamie meanwhile prefers life under the radar. Dec is 100% more famous than Ant Baffling? Mystifying? Well, not really. The fact is Declan Donnelly has lived more of his life in the public domain than his partner-in-crime Anthony McPartlin over the last five years. For instance, peak interested in Dec came in August 2015, when he married his manager Ali Astall in Newcastle. Ant didn’t do that (they do almost everything together, but there have to be limits). Also, while Dec might be 100% more famous than Ant, there are more than twice as many searches for “Ant and Dec” than there are for either of the pair as individuals. (Photo: Getty) Paul McCartney is 10% more popular than John Lennon While Paul wins the battle of the Beatles in terms of public interest over the past five years, isn’t it remarkable that John runs him so close even though he died way back in 1980? Peak interest in Paul recently came in the summer of 2012, when he performed at the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee concert and Olympic games opening ceremony in June and July. (Photo: Getty) Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @RecordCeleb Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Andy Murray Ant and Dec David Beckham Kanye West Liam Gallagher Noel Gallagher Ozzy Osbourne Paul McCartney Sharon Osbourne The Queen Victoria Beckham Google The Kardashians The Only Way is Essex X Factor Wimbledon Armed forces Royal Family Brangelina The Beckhams entertainment all Most Read Most Recent TV & Radio NewsMost dramatic live TV moments ever as BBC presenter goes into labour after reading the news Victoria Fritz almost gave birth to her baby boy live on air BBCBBC presenter Victoria Fritz goes into labour live on air forcing co-star to step in as birthing partner ONE minute the business newsreader was talking easyJet's latest figures, the next she was welcoming her new baby boy into the world. TV & Radio NewsProof Geordie Shore is FAKE? 'MTV script leaked online exposing truth about Chloe Ferry's shock exit' A fan claims they stumbled across the script at a restaurant TV & Radio NewsI’m A Celebrity late arrivals REVEALED: Danny Baker and Martin Roberts heading into camp on Thursday night Danny Baker and Martin Roberts will appear in I’m A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! Love and romanceThe Big Bang Theory actor Jim Parsons celebrates 14-year anniversary with his boyfriend and writes heartfelt love message THE star, who plays Sheldon Cooper on the show, met his boyfriend on a blind date at a karaoke bar. JusticeJudge orders Making A Murderer's Brendan Dassey must be released from prison by Friday THE state Justice Department asked the judge on Tuesday to stay his ruling, but he has now issued an order saying Dassey must be released by 8pm on Friday. Geordie ShoreChloe Ferry going BACK to Geordie Shore just days after kicking new girl in head RUMOURS were rife that the 21-year-old could be facing the sack after physically attacking new housemate Zahida Allen. Gay marriageRicky Martin announces he is engaged to his boyfriend THE singer, who has twins conceived with a surrogate mother, announced on the Ellen show that he proposed to his boyfriend. Entertainment15 life lessons we learned from Harry Potter AS Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone turns 15, we take a look at some of the best lessons the series taught us that can be applied in everyday life. Love and romanceThe Big Bang Theory actor Jim Parsons celebrates 14-year anniversary with his boyfriend and writes heartfelt love message THE star, who plays Sheldon Cooper on the show, met his boyfriend on a blind date at a karaoke bar. Most Read Most Recent FirearmsDevastated former partner of Glasgow shooting victim Euan Johnston reveals her heartache after brutal slaying LINDA Corrigan admits she doesn't know how to tell her daughter the horrible news that her daddy has died. Celtic FCCeltic overpaid council in 'State Aid' deal as true value of land at centre of case is revealed NEW figures released by Glasgow City Council shows that the Parkhead club forked out THREE times the market value of the land to leave taxpayers quids in. Celtic FCCeltic AGM 2016 - 5 key points as Peter Lawwell and co address shareholders at Parkhead BRENDAN Rodgers, The Green Brigade, Champions League changes and, of course, 'Resolution 12' were among the top topics up for debate at today's AGM. ChildrenAdorable toddler whose face was 'eaten alive' by herpes after kissing relative recovers SIENNA DUFFIELD was diagnosed with the contagious virus after blisters spread across her face causing pain. Family & RelationshipsMen are most likely to cheat on a certain day of the year - and it's coming soon If a man you know has blocked this day off, you may want to do some digging ChildrenRant from working dad about free childcare for people on benefits sparks huge debate among parents THE angry dad argues that working parents are much worse off - and a lot of people agree with him. Andy MurrayAndy Murray fights back from a set down to beat Kei Nishikori after 3 hours and 20 minutes in ATP Tour classic THE world No.1 recovered from the setback to beat the Japanese ace at the 02 Arena in London. JusticeJudge orders Making A Murderer's Brendan Dassey must be released from prison by Friday THE state Justice Department asked the judge on Tuesday to stay his ruling, but he has now issued an order saying Dassey must be released by 8pm on Friday. SupermarketsLidl to sell whisky beer across Scottish stores The craft beer offering in Lidl is to increase. Ally McCoistAlly McCoist reckons Scottish football needs to turn to Sir Alex Ferguson and Walter Smith SCOTLAND'S 3-0 defeat by England, which left them fifth in their World Cup qualifying group, has sparked a debate that goes beyond the future of manager Gordon Strachan. Top Stories UK & WorldCCTV 'shows moment accused killer arrives at constituency surgery moments before Labour MP Jo Cox shot and stabbed' A jury at the Old Bailey was shown footage of Mair, 53, allegedly attacking the Labour MP outside Birstall Library in West Yorkshire on June 16 FirearmsDevastated former partner of Glasgow shooting victim Euan Johnston reveals her heartache after brutal slaying LINDA Corrigan admits she doesn't know how to tell her daughter the horrible news that her daddy has died. Celtic FCCeltic overpaid council in 'State Aid' deal as true value of land at centre of case is revealed NEW figures released by Glasgow City Council shows that the Parkhead club forked out THREE times the market value of the land to leave taxpayers quids in. Yorkhill Sick Children's HospitalChildren's hospital in Glasgow hasn't kept A&E cleaning records since it opened THE Royal Hospital for Children has come under fire after an inspection revealed there are no domestic cleaning records since its opening last summer. HomeTinder introduces 37 gender options beyond male and female including neutrois and pangender Tinder admits it did not have the right tools to serve its diverse community in the past KilmarnockInvestigation underway after runaway ambulance crashes into Kilmarnock garden POLICE Scotland are asking for information from anyone who witnessed the incident. HomeCroydon tram was speeding at nearly FOUR times the limit when it overturned on 12mph bend - killing 7 people AN interim report by the Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) found the tram was travelling at 43.5mph on the bend when it derailed near Sandilands station CourtsTragic MP Jo Cox told aides "don't let him hurt you - let him hurt me" as she lay dying, court told THE two staff members who were with the Batley and Spen MP when she died have given evidence in the trial of murder accused Thomas Mair today. East Kilbride'I felt like I'd been raped': East Kilbride taxi driver falsely accused of sex attack still living in fear AFTER his traumatic ordeal William Millar is calling for cameras in cabs to be compulsory to protect drivers. JusticeThought crime: Grieving sister charged by cops after telling doctor she felt like killing her brother's murderer KATRINA Little insists she never intended to follow through on her words about thug Frank Curley, who is due to be released from prison after murdering her brother Brian Muir in 2001. ChildrenRant from working dad about free childcare for people on benefits sparks huge debate THE angry dad argues that working parents are much worse off - and a lot of people agree with him. PoliceTwo more men arrested over Scottish Cup final disorder bringing total to 106 POLICE continue their probe into the Hampden Park clash where fans from both sides invaded the pitch following Hibs' 3-2 victory over Rangers. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Virgin Media’s €10m purchase of UTV Ireland receives approval Samsung’s acquisition train continues as NewNet joins fold What Brexit? Google expanding London headcount by 3,000 Snap Inc secretly files for IPO, valuing it at up to $25bn Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Research into mathematics of coffee finds answer to perfect brew 10 female founders who have turned science into a business Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey Ireland’s IoT offering: ‘Small enough to trial, large enough to prove’ Intel reveals how it plans to spend $250m on autonomous driving tech Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 10 female founders who have turned science into a business How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL Materials science is revolutionising today’s medicine What is the future of design thinking? Probably VR How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT PLAY Snowden: Signal safer than Allo or WhatsApp for ordinary users by John Kennedy 21 Sep 201610 Shares Image: EQRoy/Shutterstock Google’s launch of Allo, its competitor to WhatsApp, has put a cat among the pigeons in terms of encryption. Edward Snowden has rowed into the debate recommending Signal over Allo or WhatsApp. Google launched its Allo messaging platform yesterday, but appears to have rowed back on its original promises. In May, Google maintained that all conversations of Allo users would be encrypted and that conversation logs would be stored on Google servers only transiently. But now, only messages marked Incognito will be end-to-end encrypted. Allo will store all non-Incognito messages until users manually delete them. Messages are encrypted between the device and Google but they will be stored on Google servers. Google is understood to have made the changes to improve its Smart Replies feature which tracks user behaviour using deep machine learning. This has also raised the hackles of privacy and security advocates, because if behaviour can be learned, it opens another avenue to fraud. “Particularly when it comes to marketing, companies often make unpopular decisions. But this one seems rather unfair to users who were looking forward to Allo’s announced privacy policy and features,” said Kate Kochetkova in the Kaspersky Security blog. “We would like to see Google provide an alternative instead of forcing privacy-minded users to start Incognito chats every time if they want to keep their data private. Snowden on Allo: Listen carefully, I shall only say this once The debate has attracted the attention of on-the-run whistle-blower Edward Snowden, who dismissed Google Allo as “Google Surveillance”. He said that if users really want to keep their messages private, they should use either TOR (The Onion Router) or Signal. Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 Signal is an encrypted instant messaging and voice calling application for Android and was developed by Open Whisper Systems. All communications to other Whisper users are automatically end-to-end encrypted. It also has mechanisms for verifying that no man-in-the-middle attack has occurred. Snowden later added: “In seriousness, this is a complex question for which there is no one right answer. But relative to #Allo, Signal is safer for normal users.” Edward Snowden image: EQRoy/Shutterstock Related: apps, messaging, Edward Snowden, WhatsApp, Google, encryption Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Gear Think you can mute a WhatsApp group? Think again 20 Sep 20167 Shares Hiring Now Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Always at the cutting edge of new innovation A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Enterprise WhatsApp destroys Snapchat in messaging privacy scorecard 21 Oct 201621 Shares Play Allo, Allo? Google brings AI to battle against WhatsApp 21 Sep 20169 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Gear Google adds ‘emergency location service’ to Android devices 27 Jul 20167 Shares Trending Olympics Google Doodle transforms into a fruity mobile game 5 Aug 20161 Share Gear Beware Skype, Google launches mobile video-calling app Duo 16 Aug 201620 Shares Latest News Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles 2 hours ago Phorest’s Ronan Perceval: ‘Start-ups should be under less pressure to sell’ 3 hours ago Andy Caddy: IoT should start with a map of the customer journey 3 hours ago 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world 4 hours ago MetLife to open new global tech campus in Galway creating 200 jobs 4 hours ago Research into mathematics of coffee finds answer to perfect brew 6 hours ago ‘Version 1 provided a clear training path for me,’ says graduate 6 hours ago Ireland’s IoT offering: ‘Small enough to trial, large enough to prove’ 7 hours ago Intel reveals how it plans to spend $250m on autonomous driving tech 8 hours ago Virgin Media’s €10m purchase of UTV Ireland receives approval 8 hours ago Yet another Samsung phone has exploded, and it isn’t the Note7 9 hours ago Dust off your old photo album, Google wants to digitise it 9 hours ago Big data country: Ireland among top European locations for investment 9 hours ago 10 female founders who have turned science into a business 10 hours ago The Samsung acquisition train keeps moving 10 hours ago Unlocked Android smartphones secretly send your data to China 10 hours ago What Brexit? Google expanding London headcount by 3,000 11 hours ago Snap Inc secretly files for IPO, valuing it at up to $25bn 11 hours ago Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 1 day ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 1 day ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 1 day ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 1 day ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 1 day ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 1 day ago More from Life Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Online insurance shopping site CoverHound launches new portal for SMBs CoverHound bills itself as an insure-tech company, and its primary website lets people compare and purchase insurance online. By Natalie Gagliordi for Small Business Matters | September 21, 2016 -- 14:30 GMT (07:30 PDT) | Topic: SMBs CoverHound, a site that lets people compare and purchase insurance online, is rolling out a new product tailored to small businesses. What's Hot on ZDNet When will Microsoft end support for your version of Windows or Office? GE Digital builds up its global presence with acquisitions, partnerships ​Domino's claims world-first pizza drone delivery Microsoft delivers test builds of Visual Studio for Mac, Visual Studio 2017 for Windows Based in San Francisco, Calif., CoverHound bills itself as an insure-tech company, and so far, its platform has catered to individuals looking for home and auto insurance policies. The company was one of Google's initial platform partners when it launched the online comparison shopping portal Google Compare two years ago, although the tool was shuttered in March. With its new small business suite, CoverHound is shifting into commercial insurance territory, targeting businesses with fewer than 20 employees. The purchase process is all done through licensed insurance advisors and the quoting portal works on both desktop and mobile. Right now the site has coverage plans from Chubb, Liberty Mutual, Berkshire Hathaway Direct, Hiscox, Progressive, and employers. Businesses can choose from general liability, professional liability, business owners policy package (BOP), workers' compensation, commercial auto, and cyber insurance. CoverHound plans to go live with its CyberPolicy.com website later this year, which will let small businesses shop for cyber insurance and cybersecurity tools together. Considering the crowded market of online insurance providers (Insureon, CoverWallet, and an offshoot of Berkshire Hathaway are just a few CoverHound competitors), the move to cyber insurance could end up being a big differentiator for CoverHound down the line. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories SMBs Dropbox updates AdminX and Paper, adds regional accelerators to expand infrastructure Social Enterprise Facebook is letting business users consolidate inboxes across its platforms E-Commerce Amazon rolls out Home Services in 20 new markets SMBs HPE bolsters hybrid IT lineup for SMBs × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Latest News » Technology » Apps ﻿ Google's new messenger application 'Allo': How to use Last Updated: Wednesday, September 21, 2016 - 19:50 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Zee Media Bureau\Varsha New Delhi: Are you people bored of using messenger apps such as Hangouts, Facebook Messenger, WeChat, WhatsApp and Skype Messenger? If so, try out the new Allo, Google’s latest smart messenger. Google Allo has been officially rolled out on the Android Play Store and iOS App Store and is available for users to download. Here are the simple steps which adds this amazing application to your smartphone and also help you know how to use it.   Download it from the Android Playstore or ios App store . After the download, the set up page appear which involves agreeing to few permissions. Once you have agreed, it requires access to your mobile number to activate the system. The system detects the entered number and registers it. Once it is registered, you are asked to take selfie to use as profile picture. This request can be skipped and you will be directly whisked off to the main messages and inbox page . Then comes interaction with the google assistant, message threads will ask for the permission to use your location to bring search smarts to your conversations. Select the operation which you want and you are now ready to use the app. First Published: Wednesday, September 21, 2016 - 19:50 More from zeenews   India Nobody can stop India from becoming economic superpower: Rajnath Singh Notorious Shakti gang member wanted in Rohini robbery case arrested, loot of Rs 8 lakh cash recovered 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Has this internet sensation finally broken silence? SEE what social media claim More from India World Lebanon's Hezbollah denies claiming it is now 'an army' Trump's views may change, Paris pact will last: Kerry Barack Obama's climate change targets won't be reversed, says John Kerry More from World Sports WATCH: South African seamer Kyle Abbott bowls unplayable delivery to David Warner India vs England, 2nd Test: Dark clouds loom on Gautam Gambhir's Test career as KL Rahul comes under spotlight Indian badminton manager Bamang Tago from Arunachal denied visa by China More from Sports Entertainment Sanjay Leela Bhansali changed my notions about acting: Ranveer Singh It's neither Deepika Padukone nor Katrina Kaif for Ranbir Kapoor, says Kareena Kapoor Khan! Action hero will always last the longest: John Abraham More from Entertaiment Health Fatty food may elevate mental problems in kids Red wine before smoking can offset damage to blood vessels Endometriosis: Are your period cramps normal? What to do if you have this disorder! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed DNA: Government to launch micro ATM to facilitate people DNA: Analysing the impact of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes ban in J&K New currency notes of Rs 2000 and Rs 500 in ATMs from November 15 Watch: PM Modi's mother visits bank in Gandhinagar to exchange old Rs 500 notes Watch: What is PM Modi's plan of transforming India in 50 days? Demonetisation debate in Rajya Sabha: As it happened on Wednesday Rs 2,000 note's colour fading? - Know the truth After black money, Narendra Modi govt's next crackdown may be on benami transactions, gold SC refuses to stay demonetisation notification, asks how Govt intends to deal with cash chaos Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 a litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 TAGS Google Allo Google smart messenger apps Android Playstore iOS App Store Photos Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor, Twinkle Khanna and Alia Bhatt at the book launch of The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad A lady display the currency notes and indelible ink; Anil Kumble during pitch puja Supermoon Top Videos Why Opposition parties have objection on govt's decision of demonetisation? DNA: Analysing the impact of demonetisation on election campaign Court grants bail to Rahul Gandhi in RSS defamation case Sushma Swaraj undergoing treatment for kidney failure in AIIMS More from other Sections World No. 1 Andy Murray beats Kei Nishikori in a battle lasting more than 3 hours Barcelona president confident Lionel Messi will end career in Camp Nou Alia Bhatt, Shah Rukh Khan promote Gauri Shinde’s 'Dear Zindagi' Ajay Devgn compliments me when I look exceptionally stunning: Kajol Suffering from high blood pressure? Eat these foods to control the lifestyle disease! Marijuana could help treat alcoholism, drug addiction and mental health contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Latest News » Technology » Apps ﻿ Google Allo smart messenger launched: Check out the latest features Last Updated: Wednesday, September 21, 2016 - 19:56 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Zee Media Bureau\Varsha   New Delhi: Google on Wednesday rolled out a new smart messenger Allo, which would compete with the likes of Whatsapp and Facebook Messenger.With its exclusive features in the smart messenger apps,Google sets out to create a buzz in internet and social media once again . Here are the special features: Allo has a smart reply feature which offers you appropriate, contextually aware smart suggestions for quick replies. When someone sends you a picture, or a message, Smart Reply will offer you a selection of suggestions you can choose from in attractive teal-lined oval bubbles. Just tap the one you want, and that’s your reply. No typing required. Later it becomes highly personalised with frequent use. Tap the "+" button to the left of the text input field and you'll get to the media sharing screen. From here you can either snap a picture and share it, choose an image from your gallery, share your location or send stickers.You can also markup photos you have in your library. Simply choose an image that's in your gallery and hit the little pencil icon. With Allo being a Google product, have a built-in search tool bot which lets you quickly and easily find things from the internet and share them instantly with your friends. Simply type “@google” followed by your request. Like its Chrome browser, Google's Allo app has an incognito mode, When you start an incognito chat with anyone you can set the when the chat is going to expire, ranging from five seconds to one week. Whenever you receive an incognito message, notifications won't show any personal information. As with any decent messaging app, you can delete individual chats from your inbox. Simply press and hold any chat in the main inbox view and choose "delete" from the list. In this same list you can also choose to stop notifications from that conversation or block the contact. First Published: Wednesday, September 21, 2016 - 19:56 More from zeenews   India Nobody can stop India from becoming economic superpower: Rajnath Singh Notorious Shakti gang member wanted in Rohini robbery case arrested, loot of Rs 8 lakh cash recovered 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai': Has this internet sensation finally broken silence? SEE what social media claim More from India World Lebanon's Hezbollah denies claiming it is now 'an army' Trump's views may change, Paris pact will last: Kerry Barack Obama's climate change targets won't be reversed, says John Kerry More from World Sports WATCH: South African seamer Kyle Abbott bowls unplayable delivery to David Warner India vs England, 2nd Test: Dark clouds loom on Gautam Gambhir's Test career as KL Rahul comes under spotlight Indian badminton manager Bamang Tago from Arunachal denied visa by China More from Sports Entertainment Sanjay Leela Bhansali changed my notions about acting: Ranveer Singh It's neither Deepika Padukone nor Katrina Kaif for Ranbir Kapoor, says Kareena Kapoor Khan! Action hero will always last the longest: John Abraham More from Entertaiment Health Fatty food may elevate mental problems in kids Red wine before smoking can offset damage to blood vessels Endometriosis: Are your period cramps normal? What to do if you have this disorder! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed DNA: Government to launch micro ATM to facilitate people DNA: Analysing the impact of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes ban in J&K New currency notes of Rs 2000 and Rs 500 in ATMs from November 15 Watch: PM Modi's mother visits bank in Gandhinagar to exchange old Rs 500 notes Watch: What is PM Modi's plan of transforming India in 50 days? Demonetisation debate in Rajya Sabha: As it happened on Wednesday Rs 2,000 note's colour fading? - Know the truth After black money, Narendra Modi govt's next crackdown may be on benami transactions, gold SC refuses to stay demonetisation notification, asks how Govt intends to deal with cash chaos Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 a litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 TAGS Google smart messenger app Google Allo Google Allo features Whatsapp Facebook Messenger Photos Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor, Twinkle Khanna and Alia Bhatt at the book launch of The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad A lady display the currency notes and indelible ink; Anil Kumble during pitch puja Supermoon Top Videos Why Opposition parties have objection on govt's decision of demonetisation? DNA: Analysing the impact of demonetisation on election campaign Court grants bail to Rahul Gandhi in RSS defamation case Sushma Swaraj undergoing treatment for kidney failure in AIIMS More from other Sections World No. 1 Andy Murray beats Kei Nishikori in a battle lasting more than 3 hours Barcelona president confident Lionel Messi will end career in Camp Nou Alia Bhatt, Shah Rukh Khan promote Gauri Shinde’s 'Dear Zindagi' Ajay Devgn compliments me when I look exceptionally stunning: Kajol Suffering from high blood pressure? Eat these foods to control the lifestyle disease! Marijuana could help treat alcoholism, drug addiction and mental health contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Difference between revisions of "CA:WoSign Issues" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 05:47, 20 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Remove questionable assertion) ← Older edit Revision as of 06:53, 21 September 2016 (view source) Gerv (Talk | contribs) (Update section titles) Newer edit → Line 50: Line 50:   WoSign has since updated their system to use better locking.   WoSign has since updated their system to use better locking.     − ===Further Comments and Conclusions=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       Issuing two different certs with the same serial number is a violation of the RFC, but the impact of this bug is minimal.   Issuing two different certs with the same serial number is a violation of the RFC, but the impact of this bug is minimal. Line 70: Line 70:   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report]. They explain that there were two bugs which led to the same result - one involving a system which did not understand serial numbers with leading zeroes, and the other a race condition.   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report]. They explain that there were two bugs which led to the same result - one involving a system which did not understand serial numbers with leading zeroes, and the other a race condition.     − ===Further Comments=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       This last auditor statement ("follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident") is relevant given later issues involving duplicate serial numbers.   This last auditor statement ("follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident") is relevant given later issues involving duplicate serial numbers. Line 98: Line 98:   This issue was included in Google's report to Mozilla in August 2016 but not listed in the original public discussion. This issue is covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].   This issue was included in Google's report to Mozilla in August 2016 but not listed in the original public discussion. This issue is covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].     − ===Further Comments=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       WoSign acted quickly to resolve the issues, but this issue perhaps demonstrates that their CPS was not a definition of their practice, but more a document to be updated post-hoc to match changes made to their operations.   WoSign acted quickly to resolve the issues, but this issue perhaps demonstrates that their CPS was not a definition of their practice, but more a document to be updated post-hoc to match changes made to their operations. Line 138: Line 138:   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].     − ===Further Comments and Conclusions=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       It is the responsibility of the CA to disclose issues to its auditors, not for the auditor to discover them. WoSign was aware of this, because some of the issues in this document were disclosed to auditors and included in their report.   It is the responsibility of the CA to disclose issues to its auditors, not for the auditor to discover them. WoSign was aware of this, because some of the issues in this document were disclosed to auditors and included in their report. Line 190: Line 190:   Looking at their list of misissued domains in the report, this really does mean "any domain". For example, a cert where the owner validated "netwi.ru" was able to add "mx.idisk.su", an entirely different domain, without validating it. This effectively bypasses domain validation for any attacker who owns a domain of their own.   Looking at their list of misissued domains in the report, this really does mean "any domain". For example, a cert where the owner validated "netwi.ru" was able to add "mx.idisk.su", an entirely different domain, without validating it. This effectively bypasses domain validation for any attacker who owns a domain of their own.     − ===Further Comments and Conclusions=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       * An arbitrary unvalidated ownership domain misissuance bug is an extremely serious flaw, particularly if it's available in a normal workflow.   * An arbitrary unvalidated ownership domain misissuance bug is an extremely serious flaw, particularly if it's available in a normal workflow. Line 221: Line 221:   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].   This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].     − ===Further Comments=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       There are plenty of ways of testing this scenario without using public roots - and, in fact, WoSign has updated their systems to avoid issuing test certificates from public roots in future.   There are plenty of ways of testing this scenario without using public roots - and, in fact, WoSign has updated their systems to avoid issuing test certificates from public roots in future. Line 323: Line 323:   This issue is covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report]. Of the 64 certificates they consider, WoSign attribute 6 to a dual-issuance bug, 9 they say are not problematic because they were issued on December 31st 2015, 2 are the mis-issued certs relating to Issue V, and the other 47 are "normal SHA-1 orders".   This issue is covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report]. Of the 64 certificates they consider, WoSign attribute 6 to a dual-issuance bug, 9 they say are not problematic because they were issued on December 31st 2015, 2 are the mis-issued certs relating to Issue V, and the other 47 are "normal SHA-1 orders".     − ===Further Comments and Conclusion=== + ===Further Comments===       Mozilla is seeking further information on the details in WoSign's report and will make further comment at a later date.   Mozilla is seeking further information on the details in WoSign's report and will make further comment at a later date. Line 364: Line 364:   2016-09-04: [https://www.wosign.com/report/wosign_incidents_report_09042016.pdf Official issue report]. This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].   2016-09-04: [https://www.wosign.com/report/wosign_incidents_report_09042016.pdf Official issue report]. This issue is also covered in WoSign's [https://www.wosign.com/report/WoSign_Incident_Final_Report_09162016.pdf final incident report].     − ===Further Comments=== + ===Further Comments and Conclusion===       * This issue does not paint a picture of careful software development practices and quality assurance - having unused code around capable of issuing BR-violating certificates does not seem like responsible practice.   * This issue does not paint a picture of careful software development practices and quality assurance - having unused code around capable of issuing BR-violating certificates does not seem like responsible practice. Revision as of 06:53, 21 September 2016 This page lists all confirmed or suspected issues involving the CA "WoSign". It will be updated by Mozilla as more information becomes available. Please do not edit this page yourself; if you have proposed changes, email Gerv. The issues are in chronological order, and have been re-numbered from the original announcement to use letters with gaps in between, for possible future expansion. Contents 1 Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) 1.1 WoSign Response 1.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 2 Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) 2.1 WoSign Response 2.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 3 Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) 3.1 WoSign Response 3.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 4 Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) 4.1 WoSign Response 4.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 5 Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) 5.1 WoSign Response 5.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 6 Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) 6.1 WoSign Response 6.1.1 Bug N1 6.1.2 Bug N2 6.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 7 Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) 7.1 WoSign Response 7.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 8 Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) 8.1 WoSign Response 8.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 9 Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) 9.1 WoSign Response 9.2 Further Comments 10 Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) 10.1 WoSign Response 10.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 11 Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) 11.1 WoSign Response 11.2 Further Comments and Conclusion 12 Cross Signing Issue D: Long-Lived SHA-1 Certs (Jan - Mar 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -2") Between 16th January 2015 and 5th March 2015, WoSign issued 1,132 SHA-1 certificates whose validity extended beyond 1st January 2017. This is documented in their BR audit. Section 7.1.3 of the BRs says: Effective 16 January 2015, CAs SHOULD NOT issue Subscriber Certificates utilizing the SHA‐1 algorithm with an Expiry Date greater than 1 January 2017. So this requirement is a SHOULD NOT. RFC 2119 states: 4. SHOULD NOT This phrase, or the phrase "NOT RECOMMENDED" mean that there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances when the particular behavior is acceptable or even useful, but the full implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed before implementing any behavior described with this label. This means that this issue does not represent a violation of the BRs. WoSign Response WoSign chose to declare this to their auditors on their WebTrust audit. The auditors state: We understand that WoSign has established procedures and implemented controls to ensure that the aforementioned SSL subscriber certificates would be revoked on or before 31 December 2016. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign say that they were aware that they were doing this, and that the cause was a delay in implementing the changes from CAB Forum ballot 118. Ballot 118 was passed on 16th October 2014, but WoSign were unable to update their systems until March 5th 2015, nearly five months later. This seems like a surprisingly long delay for a relatively simple change, given how quickly WoSign have been able to update their systems in other cases. However, as noted above, this is not a BR violation. Issue F: Certs Identical Except For NotBefore (Mar 2015) WoSign issued two certificates in March 2015. These certificates are identical in all ways (including their serial numbers) except for their notBefore dates, which are 37 seconds apart. Cert 1 Cert 2 WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there are 16 examples, and it happens when their Certificate Management System loses contact with a signing server during a transaction, and so tries the other one, but both signing servers issue a certificate. One was sent to the subscriber, and the other was stored in their records, and then logged to CT when they logged all their certs. WoSign has since updated their system to use better locking. Further Comments and Conclusion Issuing two different certs with the same serial number is a violation of the RFC, but the impact of this bug is minimal. Issue H: Duplicate Serial Numbers (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue X") Between 9th April 2015 and 14th April 2015, WoSign issued 392 certificates with duplicate serial numbers, across a handful of different serial numbers. Here is one example. This is documented in their most recent BR audit. WoSign Response The audit report says: We understand that remediation action was taken by WoSign to revoke those certificates in a timely manner. Incident investigation with root cause analysis was conducted and relevant result was documented in relevant incident report. Follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. They explain that there were two bugs which led to the same result - one involving a system which did not understand serial numbers with leading zeroes, and the other a race condition. Further Comments and Conclusion This last auditor statement ("follow up action was also conducted to prevent the recurrence of the incident") is relevant given later issues involving duplicate serial numbers. It's not clear how "a system bug with the serial number generation, generating a serial number starting with “0” in the first left position" combined with "the signing system had a bug that didn’t know how to deal with this kind of serial number" could lead to duplicate serial numbers. Further clarification has been requested on this point. This incident is unfortunate and an RFC violation, but it was detected fairly promptly (albeit not by WoSign themselves) and fixed. Issue J: Various BR Violations (Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue -1") On April 3rd, 2015, WoSign was contacted by Google, who were concerned about Baseline Requirements violations in recently-issued certificates from WoSign. Instead of specifying the violations directly, Google asked WoSign to check their certificates against their CPS. The following list of problems is a combination of those found by WoSign themselves and those pointed out later by Google: Incorrect or missing policy OIDs in all or most subscriber certificates; CPS required use of obscure "Issuer Alternative Name" field which was not being used; Inclusion of information in the Subject of the certificate (an advert) which was not validated subscriber information, and which contained a domain name, violating section 7.1.4.2 of the BRs; The CPS documentation of validity periods did not match what was happening in practice; CPS required compliance only with RFC 2459 instead of the more restrictive RFC 5280. Google noted that many of these issues should have been caught by a competent auditor. WoSign's auditors at the time were Ernst and Young (Hong Kong). WoSign Response WoSign resolved this promptly at the time by a mix of changes to practice and changes to their CPS (new versions 1.2.10 and 1.2.11). This issue was included in Google's report to Mozilla in August 2016 but not listed in the original public discussion. This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion WoSign acted quickly to resolve the issues, but this issue perhaps demonstrates that their CPS was not a definition of their practice, but more a document to be updated post-hoc to match changes made to their operations. Mozilla documentation related to auditor errors states that: When egregious mistakes were overlooked by the auditor, or there are a significant number of oversights, or the auditor did not notice BR compliance problems with the root or intermediate certificates, then the CA must resolve the issues and be re-audited. For the re-audit the CA can either get re-audited by a different auditor, or have the current auditor provide an immediate plan for correction and compliance, and then present a mid-term partial audit following that plan. In either case, the auditor must provide documentation about steps they are taking to avoid making the same mistakes in future audits. If the auditor fails to assure Mozilla that they have corrected the deficiencies in their auditing process, then their standing as a trusted auditor for the Mozilla root program may be jeopardized. As Mozilla was not aware of this issue at the time, we were unable to make a judgement on whether these issues rose to an appropriate level of severity to require this response. There is also the question of whether Mozilla wishes to continue to accept audits from an auditor who misses CPS violations covering such a large proportion of the certificate corpus. Issue L: Any Port (Jan - Apr 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 0") From Jan 10th to to April 23rd 2015, WoSign's certificate issuance system for their free certificates allowed the applicant to choose any port for validation. Once validation had been completed, WoSign would issue certificates for that domain. A researcher was able to obtain a certificate for a university by opening a high-numbered port (>50,000) and getting WoSign to use that port for validation of control. This problem was reported to Google, and thence to WoSign and resolved. Mozilla only became aware of it recently. Before the recent passage of Ballot 169 in the CAB Forum, which limits the ports and paths which can be used, the Baseline Requirements said that one acceptable method of domain validation was "Having the Applicant demonstrate practical control over the FQDN by making an agreed‐upon change to information found on an online Web page identified by a uniform resource identifier containing the FQDN". This method therefore did not violate the letter of the BRs. However, Mozilla considers the basic security knowledge that ports over 1024 are unprivileged should have led all CAs not to accept validations of domain control on such ports, even when not documented in the BRs. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "We are searching our database to try to find if any mis-issued cert is issued." 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 72. Richard Wang said: "We checked our system, the certificates issued related using higher level port website control validation is totally 72 certificates. To be clear, those certificates are validated by website control validation method that using other port except 80 and 443." 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion It is the responsibility of the CA to disclose issues to its auditors, not for the auditor to discover them. WoSign was aware of this, because some of the issues in this document were disclosed to auditors and included in their report. The completeness of WoSign's list of 72 certificates was called into question by a discussion participant who testified that his certificate was validated using port 8080 but does not appear in WoSign's list. In response, Richard said that in fact their system did not directly record the port used for validation, and so he could not guarantee that the list was complete. However, the final incident report still gives the impression that WoSign was able to generate a complete list. WoSign has since stopped doing website validation; if they had continued, better logging of the process would have been necessary. The logs they were keeping while using this process were clearly inadequate. Issue N: Additional Domain Errors (June 2015) (a.k.a. "Issue 1") In June 2015, an applicant found some problems with WoSign's free certificate service. There were actually two bugs, which we will denote N1 and N2. Bug N1 was an issue where someone proving control of <subdomain>.example.tld also was given a cert covering example.tld. Bug N2 was an issue where arbitrary domains can be added to an existing request after validation. The reporter proved that there was a problem in two ways. They accidentally discovered that there was a problem when trying to get a certificate for med.ucf.edu and mistakenly also applied for www.ucf.edu, which was approved. They then used their control of schrauger.github.com/schrauger.github.io to get a cert for github.com, github.io, and www.github.io. They also obtained another github cert using a different subdomain of github.io. These are both, in fact, instances of bug N2. WoSign discovered the github misissuances due to a post-issuance review the following day, triggered by "github" being on their list of high-value domains. Those certs were revoked. However, no further investigation was performed, and several other certificates were misissued subsequently. The bugs were fixed two months later, on August 10th, in an unrelated major update. Recently, the reporter of the issue got in touch with Google to note that the ucf.edu cert still had not been revoked almost a year later. The lack of revocation of the ucf.edu certificate strongly suggests that WoSign either did not or could not search their issuance databases for other occurrences of the same problem. Mozilla considers such a search a basic part of the response to disclosure of a vulnerability which causes misissuance, and expects CAs to keep records detailed enough to make it possible. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." This misissuance issue did not turn up on WoSign's subsequent BR audit. WoSign Response 2016-08-25: "For BR auditor, I think this issue is too technical that fewer auditor can find out this problem." List of crt.sh links to certificates involved - total 33. 2016-09-04: Official issue report. The report explains the two bugs, N1 and N2. WoSign classifies the misissuances as 21 N1 and 12 N2. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Bug N1 N1 allowed an applicant to get a certificate for the base domain if they were able to prove control of any subdomain. According to WoSign, this was caused by an engineer misunderstanding the rule that if a base domain was validated, the "www" variant could be added for free. He instead applied the rule in the other direction. Bug N2 Issue N2 is described in the report as follows: This mis-issued certificate was a system vulnerability that when the subscriber finished the domain validation, they can add any domain before submitting this order to system. Looking at their list of misissued domains in the report, this really does mean "any domain". For example, a cert where the owner validated "netwi.ru" was able to add "mx.idisk.su", an entirely different domain, without validating it. This effectively bypasses domain validation for any attacker who owns a domain of their own. Further Comments and Conclusion An arbitrary unvalidated ownership domain misissuance bug is an extremely serious flaw, particularly if it's available in a normal workflow. The report seems to suggest an "issue first, ask questions later" approach whereby a cert is issued to the subscriber even if it is flagged as questionable, and the remediation mechanism is revocation rather than lack of issuance. Furthermore, their validation team works 9-5, so an applicant could have many hours to abuse a misissued certificate before it was discovered. Although it seems like the system issued a certificate which did not match what was validated, this was not investigated further. The report says: "the employee treated it as an unusual case that did not reported it as a bug." This is amazing, if true. If WoSign's employees don't think that misissuing a certificate is a big deal, something is quite badly wrong. The report seems surprised that the applicant did not follow the WoSign Terms of Use. I would not expect an actual attacker to care about the WoSign Terms of Use. The certificate involved here were all clearly misissued; even if the person could have proved control of the parent domain, they did not do so during the process. Therefore, failure to revoke these certificates immediately (as WoSign argued it didn't need to during the public discussion) constitutes a further BR violation, as per Section 4.9.1.1 of the BRs, in particular, item 4 and item 9. WoSign has since stopped doing website control validation entirely. However, that does not decrease the seriousness of the bug/feature. It also raises the question of how such a feature could make it through review, testing and QA. Issue P: Use of SM2 Algorithm (Nov 2015) In November 2015, WoSign issued two certificates that have subject public keys which are for the SM2 algorithm. SM2 is an elliptic-curve-based algorithm but it does not use the US NIST P-256, P-384, or P-521 curves. The CA/Browser Forum Baseline Requirements section 6.1.5 requires that only these three curves be used for elliptic curve keys in certs covered by the BRs. In addition to including subjects keys using unapproved parameters, it seems these each share their serial number with another certificate for the same subject. 1st SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh 2nd SM2 cert in crt.sh; cert with same serial number in crt.sh Secondly, for the first pair of certs, the validity period is 4 years, which is 9 months longer than allowed by the BRs. WoSign Response Richard Wang: "This is another case that we will include it in our report. We issued two test cert using SM2 algorithm that used the same serial number as the RSA cert (same subject) to test if we can setup a gateway that install this two type cert, it can shake hand automatically using different cert based on the browser algorithm support." (Unable to find this message in the groups.google.com archive.) This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion There are plenty of ways of testing this scenario without using public roots - and, in fact, WoSign has updated their systems to avoid issuing test certificates from public roots in future. We note that Symantec was penalised in late 2015 for issuing non-BR-compliant test certificates in their publicly-trusted certificate hierarchies. Their problems were first revealed in September, and one big discussion of these problems happened in m.d.s.policy starting on 13th October 2015. All of these dates are prior to WoSign's test certificate misissuances. Issue R: Purchase of StartCom (Nov 2015) WoSign purchased the CA "StartCom" and did not disclose the transaction as a change of ownership, which we believe violates section 5 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Maintenance Policy. Furthermore, when this clause was brought to their attention, they denied that any changes fell under it, and they attempted to suppress further information about the ownership transfer when it was brought to the community's attention. Full details can be found in the post in mozilla.dev.security.policy. WoSign Response Richard Wang writes: "An announcement and disclosure will be made shortly pending completion of the business transaction. We can provide the proof documents to Mozilla to show this transaction is not finished if Mozilla think it is necessary." On 2016-09-19, WoSign issued a press release saying that they have "made an equity investment" in StartCom CA. Further Comments and Conclusion Mozilla has confirmed with a Hebrew-speaking lawyer that, as far as the Israeli company authorities are concerned, the transaction which completed the chain to give WoSign 100% ownership of StartCom completed on November 1st 2015. We maintain that this is the date at which the ownership change should have been disclosed to Mozilla. In addition, WoSign's press release about their "equity investment" seems to be economical with the truth; WoSign owns 100% of StartCom. The statement that "WoSign and StartCom [are] two companies operate[d] and managed independently" is hard to square with the fact that the same person is sole director of StartCom and CEO of WoSign. Also, there is technical evidence that StartCom are now using a large part of WoSign's issuance infrastructure. Issue S: Backdated SHA-1 Certs (January 2016) WoSign has issued certificates after January 1st 2016 but backdated the notBefore date to be in December 2015. This has the effect of avoiding the blocks in browsers regarding SHA-1 certs issued after January 1st 2016. The number of certs affected is probably 67, but may be a few more or less. The three certificates below have notBefore dates in Dec 2015, have signatures over SHA-1 hashes and have embedded SCTs which are dated after January 1, 2016. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp yffsc.com Dec 19 20:37:06 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 4 10:11:27 2016 GMT congfubao.com Dec 20 08:29:51 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 5 05:52:47 2016 GMT my.xbniao.com Dec 20 07:48:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Jan 18 05:33:21 2016 GMT Because these SCTs are embedded, they must have been created before the final certificate was signed, and therefore the final certificate must have been signed in January - on or after January 18th, for the third one. These are the only certs for which cryptographic proof of backdating is available. However, other strong circumstantial evidence suggests that backdating is more prevalent. Firstly, around 12th May 2015, WoSign started using a new certificate template for some of their SHA-1 issuances. This has a fixed notAfter date of 2016-12-29T16:00:00Z (i.e. midnight on 29th/30th December, CST). This may have been a (sensible) move to prevent accidentally issuing SHA-1 certs which ran into 2017. We have found 939 SHA-1 certificates with this fixed notAfter date, including the above three. Certificates issued using this template almost exclusively have notBefore dates on working days in China, suggesting they are issued by explicit WoSign employee action. All of them have notBefores between Monday and Friday, except for 13 on a Saturday and 66 on a Sunday. Of those 66, 4 have notBefores on 2015-09-06, a Sunday which was, unusually, a working day in China. The other 62 all have notBefores on 2015-12-20, which was a Sunday, and not a working day in China. This suggests that, for these 62, the notBefore does not reflect the actual issuance date. For these 62, the notBefore date is some time between midnight and midnight on December 20th 2015, China time (+0800). (This pattern fits a system where code adjusted the date, but not the time, prior to issuance.) Here are five more examples: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Secondly, some certificates which are suspected to be backdated were issued at the same time as SHA-256 certificates for the same domain; the timestamps on the SHA-256 certificates are more likely to be the accurate ones. One example is for congfubao.com, where there is a SHA-256 cert with a notBefore of 5th January and an SCT timestamp of 5th January, 17 seconds later than the SCT timestamp in the backdated SHA-1 cert. The simplest explanation is that both certs were issued together, on January 5th. Other pairs include for ebank.pcnkbank.com (SHA-1, SHA-256) and mail.gd.gov.cn (SHA-1, SHA-256). Lastly, of the 62 suspect certs, there are three more certs with embedded SCTs where the gap between the notBefore date and the SCT date is multiple days (i.e. they were backdated, and this is cryptographically provable) but where the SCT date is nevertheless (just) before 1st January 2016, which means the backdating would not have the effect of avoiding browser blocks. Domain notBefore notAfter SCT Timestamp passport.huayingjuhe.com Dec 20 03:40:31 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:24:34 2015 GMT puxbao.com Dec 20 07:49:25 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:30:03 2015 GMT modai.cc Dec 20 12:02:09 2015 GMT Dec 29 16:00:00 2016 GMT Dec 31 10:20:17 2015 GMT The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden by Mozilla policy, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." The Baseline Requirements, section 7.1.3, say: Effective 1 January 2016, CAs MUST NOT issue any new Subscriber certificates or Subordinate CA certificates using the SHA‐1 hash algorithm. (Thanks to Thijs Alkemade of Computest for much of the information in this section.) WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. Of the 64 certificates they consider, WoSign attribute 6 to a dual-issuance bug, 9 they say are not problematic because they were issued on December 31st 2015, 2 are the mis-issued certs relating to Issue V, and the other 47 are "normal SHA-1 orders". Further Comments Mozilla is seeking further information on the details in WoSign's report and will make further comment at a later date. Issue T: alicdn.com Misissuance (June 2016) A certificate has been issued in June 2016 to alicdn.com which was not requested by the owner of that domain. The domains in question currently use certificates from Symantec. Cert on Github Gist Cert on crt.sh WoSign Response This issue is covered in WoSign's final incident report. WoSign assert that they completed the domain control checks correctly. Further Comments and Conclusion The owners of alicdn.com have confirmed directly to Mozilla that this incident was caused by an attacker being able to control content on their domain. We would have some concerns with how WoSign's systems validated website control. However, they no longer support this method. This "misissuance" was possible only because alicdn.com was, for some period of time, controlled by an attacker. Therefore, no blame can be attributed to WoSign for the misissuance itself. Issue V: StartEncrypt (July 2016) (a.k.a. "Issue 2") In July 2016, it became clear that there was some problems with the StartEncrypt automatic issuance service recently deployed by the CA StartCom. This was a StartCom-branded service and was not publicised as being able to issue certificates from WoSign. However, changing a simple API parameter in the POST request on the submission page changed the intermediate/root certificate to which the resulting certificate chained up. The value "2" made a certificate signed by "StartCom Class 1 DV Server CA", "1" selected "WoSign CA Free SSL Certificate G2" and "0" selected "CA 沃通根证书", another root certificate owned by WoSign and trusted by Firefox. A security investigator used the value "1", and acquired two certificates which had notBefore dates (usage start date) of 20th December 2015, and which were signed using the SHA-1 checksum algorithm. Cert 1, Cert 2. The issuance of certificates using SHA-1 has been banned by the Baseline Requirements since January 1st, 2016. Browsers, including Firefox, are enforcing this - in Firefox's case, for publicly-trusted CAs, since Firefox 48, released on 1st August 2016. The issuance of backdated certificates is not forbidden, but is included in Mozilla's list of Problematic Practices. It says "Minor tweaking for technical compatibility reasons is accepted, but backdating certificates in order to avoid some deadline or code-enforced restriction is not." WoSign deny that their code backdated the certificates in order to avoid browser-based restrictions - they say "this date is the day we stop to use this code". If that is true, it is not clear to us how StartCom came to be able to call WoSign code that WoSign itself had abandoned. The misissuance issue was not reported to Mozilla by WoSign as it should have been. Section 1 of the Mozilla CA Certificate Enforcement Policy says: "When a serious security concern is noticed, such as a major root compromise, it should be treated as a security-sensitive bug, and the Mozilla Policy for Handling Security Bugs should be followed." WoSign Response 2016-09-04: Official issue report. This issue is also covered in WoSign's final incident report. Further Comments and Conclusion This issue does not paint a picture of careful software development practices and quality assurance - having unused code around capable of issuing BR-violating certificates does not seem like responsible practice. The question of why StartCom was able to trigger certificate-issuance code which WoSign has stopped developing and maintaining is also still open. Cross Signing It is important background information to know which WoSign roots are cross-signed by other trusted or previously-trusted roots. The following unexpired and unrevoked cross-signatures are currently known: Target Source Source Owner Expiry Comments /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=CA 沃通根证书 /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=IL/O=StartCom Ltd./OU=Secure Digital Certificate Signing/CN=StartCom Certification Authority StartCom 2019-12-31T23:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:01:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign G2 /C=PL/O=Unizeto Sp. z o.o./CN=Certum CA Asseco Data Systems S.A. 2020-11-02T01:59:59Z /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN - DATACorp SGC Comodo 2019-06-24T19:06:30Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "This cross-certificate is currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' root was removed from NSS last year. 'UTN - DATACorp SGC' was also cross-certified by the 'AddTrust External CA Root' root, but we revoked the cross-certificates in December 2015." /C=CN/O=WoSign CA Limited/CN=Certification Authority of WoSign /C=US/ST=UT/L=Salt Lake City/O=The USERTRUST Network/OU=http://www.usertrust.com/CN=UTN-USERFirst-Object Comodo 2019-07-09T18:40:36Z Rob Stradling of Comodo writes: "These two cross-certificates are currently unexpired and unrevoked. However, the 'UTN-USERFirst-Object' root is only enabled for the Code Signing trust bit in NSS. There are 2 cross-certs (currently unconstrained and unrevoked) issued by 'AddTrust External CA Root' to 'UTN-USERFirst-Object'. However, the cross-certs issued to WoSign are EKU-constrained to Code Signing/Time Stamping." Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=CA:WoSign_Issues&oldid=1148592" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 21 September 2016 | MYT 7:06 PM Google’s bid for smarter messaging hits market Helpful or intrusive?: This combo of images provided by Google demonstrates the use of the company's new Allo app. Google wants to modernise phone chats by bringing a personal virtual assistant to conversations. — Google SAN FRANCISCO: US Internet giant Google launched a smart messaging app aimed at muscling into a busy market with popular rivals such as WhatsApp and Facebook’s Messenger.  Allo’s “smart” capabilities aims to make it easier to respond to messages and over time adjusts to users’ own style, Google said in an official blog.  The app introduces Google Assistant where users just type @google to ask the US search engine questions and have it help you directly in chats, it said.  ”You no longer need to leave a conversation with friends just to grab an address, share your favourite YouTube video, or pick a dinner spot,” it said.  The app works on phones using Google’s Android system and Apple’s iOS.  ”Google Allo can help you make plans, find information, and express yourself more easily in chat. And the more you use it, the more it improves over time,” Google said.  It said, for instance, the app will adjust according to whether its user’s style is usually an emoji or written response.  Like other messaging apps, it has tools for personalising chats including changing the size of emojis and a choice of stickers.   Allo was unveiled by Google in May at the same time as Google Duo, an app for video calls, which hit the market last month.  Google faces carving a place in a sector with already popular messaging apps such as WhatsApp.  Apple has also sought to catch up with rivals, upgrading its own messaging app in its latest iOS 10 launched last week.  In July, Facebook said the number of users of its Messenger application had topped one billion.  WhatsApp, which was acquired by Facebook for some US$20bil (RM82.72bil) in 2014, also counts more than a billion users. — AFP You May Be Interested Billionaire Ananda Krishnan exploring taking Astro private India bans Zakir Naik's NGO Maybank sells entire stake in Visa Inc for RM413mil Beware of Rove beetles Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Petronas’ net profit soars on lower impairment losses, other factors Malindo Air offering one million tickets to celebrate winning award Catch Doctor-X on the all-new dimsum.my! advertisement Latest News Rideshare service Lyft gets a flashy new look Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment Most Viewed in Tech Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Google Play Music knows what you want to hear GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Happy birthday! Sony's PS3 is 10! Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Google's New Messaging App Is So Useful I Don't Care That It's Creepy Michael Nunez | Gizmodo MediaSep 21, 2016, 07.15 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit GoogleImage Credit Image: Gizmodo / Google People use their phones for messaging more than almost anything else. That's why companies like Apple, Facebook, and Snapchat are dumping truckloads into making it easier and more fun to send messages. In May at I/O, Google announced Allo, its latest foray into the brave new world of messaging. Now, the app is finally available for everyone to download. Allo looks like most of the messaging apps you've probably already used before. Like Facebook Messenger and iMessage, it lets you send stickers, draw on photos, and send media from your phone. In many ways, it's almost exactly the same as Google's Messenger and Hangouts apps. What makes Allo different than everything that's come before, though, is its deep integration with Google's artificial intelligence. The first thing you'll notice in Allo is the suggested replies that pop up when anyone sends you a message. The most common phrases you'll see are ones like "Okay" or "Got it." Phrases can be sent by tapping just once. The suggested phrases can be sent from the notifications screen or within the app. For now, Google's suggestions are relatively simple. The app is currently pulling from a default list for all users. Once more people begin to use the app, however, Google's AI will get smarter and begin to suggest personalize phrased based on people's speech. The difference could be as simple as suggesting "LOL" rather than "haha." It's a little creepy to willingly let Google's AI read your conversations, especially if you're concerned about your privacy, but I say it's completely worth it for the level of convenience that it adds. If you're having conversations about classified or sensitive information, there are probably better apps out there for you to use. Suggested replies are a nice little addition that makes it easier (and more polite) to dismiss text messages when you're busy or can't get back by actually responding. The amount of time it takes to send a coherent response is so short that there's almost no excuse for not replying. The AI goes deeper though. Allo also includes a chat helper called "Google Assistant" that can answer questions about basically anything you can search on Google. The assistant works a lot like Siri or Cortana or Alexa, except you write to it rather than talk. Google Assistant can be called upon in any text message, and its answers to questions are shared to everyone in the chat. The assistant can answer questions about the weather, nearby restaurants, or directions to places. It's basically Google Now built right into the messages that you're already sending. For now, the best searches are generic and nearly identical to the ones answered by Google Now or Google Voice Search. It uses a similar AI to process the requests. Queries like "Show me nearby restaurants" or "What's the Yankees score?" will make a familiar-looking Google search result card appear. You can also ask follow-up questions like "What's the weather?" and then "What about this weekend?" Its ability to use Google Search puts it years ahead of any other digital assistants including Siri and Alexa. Beyond today's capabilities, the the potential is huge. In a briefing, Google suggested that the assistant-in other words the artificial intelligence-will become smarter over time, and could begin to answer more complex questions or even predict questions. It's easy to imagine how someday Google Assistant might help you find a good time on the calendar to meet with someone, find hotels, or check-in to flights. In the long run, in order to be really useful, the assistant will need to use data Google has already collected from all of its other services. Google Search, Maps, Drive, and Calendar might one day share information to the Google Assistant. And as with the the suggested responses, things start to enter the land of the creepy here. From a privacy standpoint, it feels a little freaky and invasive. But from a convenience standpoint, I welcome this super powerful AI to rummage through my data in order to help me get things done faster. It's easy to imagine how Google Assistant might one day help you and a friend make lunch plans by finding a time that works for everyone, central location, and meets all the dietary restrictions that everyone has. The point of the assistant is to make planning easier, and with all the information I'm already feeding Google, I have high hopes about how it might be able to help. The last important feature is Incognito Mode, which is entirely focused on security. Incognito Mode enables end-to-end encryption and increases the level of security between two users at various levels. The most important thing to note is Incognito Mode is it's an opt-in feature, and privacy advocates have been fighting for encryption by default in all major messaging apps. Incognito Mode uses the Signal Protocol for its encryption, so it meets the same standards as other messaging services like Signal and WhatsApp. As we previously reported, the Signal Protocol is currently the best standard in end-to-end encryption. In short, no one but the recipient and sender are able to read the message. Google Assistant is not available in Incognito Mode because it's basically a man in the middle. Because encrypted messages can only be read by the sender and recipient, the AI assistant is unable to lurk over messages. Aside from not being able to use Google Assistant, you're free to do all of the things you'd normally do in the messaging app. You can send stickers, photos, videos, audio messages, and other attachments. Incognito Mode also lets you set an expiration on any of your messages. When the timer goes off, your message deletes forever. Google doesn't store any of the expired messages on its servers, and even if it did, it would be encrypted with the Signal Protocol, so Googlewouldn't be able to read the message anyways. It would be useless. Allo has only been out for a few hours now, and I've already recommended that all of my closest friends join. The basic editing tools like drawing on photos and changing text size make it easy for everyday use. The real kicker is Incognito Mode, and what it will inspire my friends to do. It's a safe space in a world that is becoming increasingly more hostile online. It's nice to see that Google is making it easier for everyone to encrypt and even delete their sketchy ass messages-and I know there are a lot of you out there sending them. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: GooglemessagingAllo Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryGo Exchange Your Explodey Galaxy Note 7 Right Now Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author This Retro TV Is Filled With Modern Electronics Hell Freezes Over as Martin Shkreli Performs a Public Service GoPro Recalls Its Highly Anticipated Karma Drone Because It Can Randomly Lose Power During Operation Related stories Google Allo: Here's what to expect! Google's New Super-Powerful Messaging App Is Here, and It's Called Allo Google's AI-powered messaging app Allo to release on September 21 Hey Google, Here's How You Win Messaging Report: Google Is Building a Better, Smarter Messaging App Make your Stranger Things game strong with the Stranger Things sticker pack for Google Allo this Halloween Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Your Unsecure Devices Contributed to a Huge Rise in Internet Outages This Year Bald Eagle Metaphor Ends Perfectly Is Donald Trump the E-Savior Vapemericans Have Been Waiting For? Google Says It Plans to Pull Ads From Fake News Sites Some Employees Knew Yahoo Was Compromised Years Before Hack of 500 Million Was Revealed Threat Detection CEO Suspended for Threatening to Kill Donald Trump Escape Cruel Reality for Three Minutes With This Glorious Desert Night Time Lapse Sad Samsung Apologizes for Exploding Phones in Full Page Newspaper Ads Asus Should Never Ever Tweet Scientists: The Future Is Shit Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Chat Without Humanity: Google Allo Is Almost Too Brilliant Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)September 21, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Chat Without Humanity: Google Allo Is Almost Too BrilliantMore You know what the worst part about talking with someone else is? Actually coming up with your own words or giving any effort. Or at least that's what Google Allo (available for free on iOS and Android), the new chat app from the search king, would have you believe. We've been testing Allo and found that the combination of pre-baked chat responses and Google Assistant make for an auto-pilot chatting experience, for better and for worse. After setting up Allo, which requires registering your phone number, you're on your way to care-free conversations, since the app provides a few suggested replies from the start of a conversation. Your friends don't even need to be using Allo to chat with them, as it can also send chats over SMS. On the downside, those SMS-only friends won't see the vibrant interface filled with tons of colors and images — just a lot of links. MORE: iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Review: Great Upgrades, But One is Greater When I chatted with a friend, I didn't need to create any responses; I just choose between the pre-made Smart Reply options above the keyboard. Google says Smart Reply will improve over time and get to know your style, to understand if you're the kind of person who types words, or one that speaks fluent emoji. You shouldn't try to rely on Allo for too much, as our brief time with the app proved it's not the best at identifying things. When my colleague sent me an image of his french bulldog, Allo suggested I say "Nice boston terrier." That's an All-Nope. While Allo offers fun distractions like the Emoji Movie guessing game, its biggest strength lies in Google Assistant, a new AI chatbot that does most of the leg-work of researching things for you. Google Assistant feels like the future of AI. You can either chat one-on-one with Assistant or summon it to join a conversation by typing @google and asking a question. Users interact with Assistant using natural language and its prompt buttons. Adding @Google to a conversation looks a bit awkward, as it floods the screen with chat bubbles, images and options that may force some to scroll up to remember the context. Google Assistant can tell you the weather at the moment, the forecast for the weekend and answer the question of if you need an umbrella. It can also help you find nearby restaurants and provide links to call locations, see menus and look at destinations in Street View. Google Assistant feels like what the future of AI should be, which is both speedier and funnier than Siri currently allows. When I asked when Google Assistant was born, it replied "I try to live every day like it's my birthday. I get more cake that way." Assistant isn't going to book a Comedy Central special off of these yuks, but I chuckled. Unfortunately, Google Assistant hits a snag on the last yard, as it's unable to do much with the restaurant plans you pick. Despite the fact that Google's Maps service features Open Table integration and Uber, you can't book tables at the restaurants you pick, nor can you arrange for a ride to destinations you find. If you grow tired of it, you can unregister your phone number by tapping the menu bar, tapping settings and selecting Unregister phone number. While Allo offers a fun look and Assistant is intriguing view into the future of chatbots and AI, I'm not sure if I'll continue to use it. I already chat in Apple's recently refreshed Messages, Google Hangout, Snapchat, Facebook Messenger, Slack and Twitter DMs — which makes for a lot to keep track of already. Google just threw another tool into a crowded field, so it'll be interesting to see how much adoption it gets. How to Reduce Data Usage on Your Smartphone Here Are the 10 Best Smartphones Available 10 Reasons Android Beats the iPhone Copyright 2016 Toms Guides , a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Google Allo should be deleted and never used, says Edward Snowden Published 21/09/2016 0 Comments Share Google Allo should be deleted and never used, says Edward Snowden BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Edward Snowden has warned people not to use Google’s new chat app, because it lets the company read everything that they say. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/google-allo-should-be-deleted-and-never-used-says-edward-snowden-35067947.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article29648358.ece/0cee3/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_69a031bc-8712-45e5-aa18-dd747e1d1bb0_I1.jpg Email Edward Snowden received asylum in Russia on August 1 (AP/The Guardian) Edward Snowden has warned people not to use Google’s new chat app, because it lets the company read everything that they say. Google has finally released its new chat app after showing it off over the summer. It comes with a robot that watches everything people say and then stores it for later analysis, using that data to improve the app itself. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments But that also means that chats are stored on Google’s servers indefinitely, and are able to be read by it. The company had initially indicated that the messages would only be stored temporarily, limiting the possible impact of any data breach and retaining some privacy for users. But it now appears that Google won’t be doing that after all. Instead it will keep hold of all conversations. Google will use that data to improve parts of the app, such as its smart replies feature. That will allow the app to read through conversations and try and work out how people talk – it can then use that data to suggest what they might want to say to their friends. But Google would presumably also be able to use that same data at a future date to target ads at users. Since their personal conversations might include some of their most sensitive data, that could lead to prying of a kind that most people would object to. Making the change does probably keep Google on the right side of the law. By keeping track of all messages, Allo conversations will be accessible by law enforcement with warrants – something that can’t happen on apps like iMessage or WhatsApp, both of which have run into trouble over not being able to give up information to authorities. All of those problems led Mr Snowden to send out a flurry of tweets telling people not to use Allo. “Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance,” he wrote. “That's #Allo. Don't use Allo.” Another read: “What is #Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and makes it available to police upon request.” Snowden already called Allo "dangerous" after it was revealed at Google's I/O conference earlier this year. Google does allow people to switch into a different mode, called Incognito, where conversations will be end-to-end encrypted so that they can’t be read by Google. But that isn’t turned on by default and leads most of the app’s features to break, turning it into just a conventional chat app. Independent Independent News Service Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  Chinese websites are censoring "Kim Fatty the Third" a nickname widely used to disparage North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, after officials from his country reportedly conveyed their displeasure in a meeting with their Chinese counterparts. Google to create thousands of jobs with extension of London headquarters  Google is "committed" to the UK and plans to extend its London headquarters at King's Cross, creating up to 3,000 new jobs, the firm's chief executive has said. Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  By Pól Ó Conghaile A new generation of supersonic jet is promising Concorde-style travel that "anyone can afford to fly". Malware exposure due to the internet of things 'to become a daily reality'  By Sean Duffy and Nicola Anderson Exposure to malware stemming from the internet of things is set to become a reality in our daily lives, according to a leading tech expert. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  Technology Google and Facebook target fake news sites with advertising clampdown  Technology Web Summit Lisbon shows Ireland what might have been  Technology Malware exposure due to the internet of things 'to become a daily reality'  Technology Video: Boxer dog tackles the Mannequin Challenge  Video News Traffic warden forced to flee Northern Ireland town after threats  Northern Ireland Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology Ashers: Gay cake row Belfast bakers case heads for Supreme Court  UK Busker's killer Barry Cavan in prison suicide  Northern Ireland Uncertainty over Brexit memo leak 'could shake markets' Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde Watch: Goals from Northern Ireland's defeat to Croatia including Kramaric's stunner Junction One reveals £30m revamp creating 500 new jobs Sting heard too much with hearing aid Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Kantar: Apple Continues to Dominate in Slowing Smartwatch Market | Main | Samsung's Delusional 'Hidden Weapon' to Fend off the iPhone 7 Coming to Korea in October is a Joke » September 21, 2016 Facebook may revive the Modular Smartphone Concept with their Acquisition of Nascent Objects   Earlier this month Patently Apple posted a report titled "Google's Game Changing 'Project Ara' Smartphone Dies on the Vine as just more Vaporware." Reuters reported that Google had plans to shelve the project that was supposed to debut in late 2015. Many had high hopes for the modular smartphone. Yet the news from Reuters that Google was shelving Project Ara was a little too simplistic. It's not that Google is shelving the project but rather that Regina Dugan who led Google's Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) group left the company to continue her work over at Facebook in April of this year. News is that the modular smartphone project is being adopted by the Building 8 team at Facebook that's now being led by Dugan.   A new report that surfaced earlier today sheds a little more light on the subject. To begin with, Facebook acquired California baed Nascent Objects earlier this week which just happens to be a modular electronics platform company manufacturing hardware devices such as cameras and mini computers by using software programs, 3D printers and the like. It has come up with various prototype products whose components can be replaced with ease.   Now Nascent Objects will join the Building 8 Project led by Dr. Regina E. Dugan. Nascent Objects founder and CEO Baback Elmieh worked for the Google's Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) group in the past as is the case with Dugan.   Dugan posted a note on her facebook page on Monday about Nascent Objects:   "Imagine designing, building and delivering a hardware product in just weeks. Instead of months, or even years. Nascent Objects, a 2016 FastCo Design 'Innovation by Design' finalist, has brought this closer to reality with their modular electronics platform. And they're joining Facebook to work with us in Building 8. Together, we hope to create hardware at a speed that's more like software."   Business Korea noted in their report that some experts that they've spoken to are saying that this acquisition of Nacent Objects may be an attempt at continuing the modular smartphone project over at Facebook.   With Facebook entering the world of VR headsets through Oculus, Facebook seems to have a hunger to get into the hardware space to eventually compete with Google, Amazon and Apple. A move into a delivering a new kind of smartphone could help Facebook enter tougher markets like China and India where pricing is brutal. A modular smartphone could appeal to those who want a cheap smartphone but would like add components when they could afford them. Its also a way to ramp up production to keep the components at a reasonable price. It's definitely a project to keep one eye on going forward.   In the blink of an eye, the little newcomer to the smartphone market in 2007 called the iPhone eventually went on to kill Motorola and Nokia, the giants of that industry. So a new idea has the power to disrupt a market and a modular smartphone may just have a chance of disrupting emerging markets like nothing that's gone before it.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 21, 2016 at 08:14 AM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Researchers discover that Certain Cheap Android Phones are Sending User's Personal Data to a Firm in Shanghai Samsung Acquires NewNet Communications to Accelerate a Next-Gen Messaging Experience for Galaxy Smartphones Apple Granted 18 Design Patents Today Covering Apple TV Remote with Siri, Giant Apple Store Doors & More A New Hardbound Book from Apple Dedicated to Steve Jobs Memory Chronicles 20 Years of Product Design Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Software Google launches AI-powered Allo chat app to take on WhatsApp, iMessage Software Google launches AI-powered Allo chat app to take on WhatsApp, iMessage By Bindu Nair - Google has finally launched Allo, its latest attempt to corner the messaging market dominated by the likes of WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger and iMessage. The cross-platform chat app was first announced alongside Duo back in May this year at its I/O conference. Now both Duo and Allo are out. The former seems to be a hit, with many embracing its simple approach towards video calling. The latter couldn’t be more different, with Google stuffing it with all kinds of features to make it more appealing. Apple’s new-and-improved iMessage took on a similar approach with the launch of iOS 10. Only time will tell which platform will be more successful. Allo has the distinct advantage of being compatible with both iOS and Android. It offers a number of useful tools to make your messaging experience more engaging. For instance, it can analyze your message and automatically generate a response via Smart Reply. Smart Reply works for both text and photos. So if a friend asks you if you’re on your way or sends you an image of their dog, Allo is supposed to come up with responses like ‘yup’ or ‘aww cute!,’ correspondingly. Google promises the system improves over time as the application adjusts to your style. Also Read: Google Pixel phones coming out on October 4, images leaked The other big feature in Allo is having your very own personal Google Assistant. The AI is currently in its preview edition and will expand to other products to weave a seamless web of productivity. For now, you can type ‘@google’ followed by your query either within you current conversation or one-on-one. For example, you could ask Google Assistant for a video on how to make sushi or games to play in a group, all without leaving the chat window. Allo further comes with a number of customization options such as resizing text or emoji, 25 custom sticker packs, and the ability to draw on images. In good news for privacy hounds, all Allo chats are encrypted. Not only that, there’s also an Incognito mode where all messages are end-to-end encrypted and can expire after a set amount of time. Notably, Google says you can contact your friends even if they don’t have the application installed via an SMS or app preview messages for Android users. Google Allo is currently rolling out for the App Store and Play Store and will hit global availability in the coming days. TAGS Google Google Allo SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWhatsApp’s new mentions feature makes it impossible to ignore group chats Next articleXiaomi Mi Band 2, Mi Air Purifier 2 arrive in India Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Google’s new PhotoScan app turns your old prints into digital images WhatsApp extends support for Nokia, BlackBerry till June 2017 WhatsApp video calling goes official for Android, iOS, Windows 246,392FansLike 13,737FollowersFollow 12,991SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Twitter expands mute feature to better combat abusive trolls Sohil Nikam - Nov 16, 2016 0 Google’s new PhotoScan app turns your old prints into digital images Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 WhatsApp extends support for Nokia, BlackBerry till June 2017 Sohil Nikam - Nov 16, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
MENU Press Offices BCX ContinuitySA Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tecno Tom Tom USAASA UNICAF Veeam Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Seminar: Principles of IT Leadership, 23 – 24 Nov 2016 Seminar: Selling to the CIO, 15 & 16 Feb 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Google Allo takes chat to the next level September 21, 2016 • Mobile and Telecoms, Online & Social, Southern Africa, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Google Assistant can also help with news, weather or incoming flight status information Google South Africa has announced the launch of Google Allo to the South African market. Allo is a messaging app that works off your phone number and is available for Android and iOS mobile devices. Initially announced at the Google I/O Developer conference in May Allo is now up and ready for the consumption of socialites. Allo does not only let you chat to friends, family and colleagues, it also features a preview version of Google Assistant, which allows you to chat one-on-one or in group conversations, by typing @google. This means when you’re trying to decide where to go for dinner with your bestie, for example, you can @google right in the chat and it will help you research and book a dinner spot. Google Assistant can also help with news, weather or incoming flight status information. It can assist you in finding nearby places from pharmacies to petrol stations, or even assist to plan your next weekend away – from destinations to flights and accommodation so you don’t need to hop from your chat to your browser to search for things while the conversation is underway. The more you use Google Assistant, the more useful it becomes by remembering your preferences and information you ask it to. Allo also features Smart Reply, which lets you respond to messages without typing a single word. Smart Reply suggests responses based on your conversation – just click the one you want, without having to type a thing. Whether you’re a ‘LOL’ or ‘hahaha’ kind of person, Smart Reply will improve over time and adjust to your conversation style. Smart reply will also suggest responses to photos sent in Allo, so if your friends send a picture of their dog, or cat, or cute kid, you might see suggestions like “aww, cute!” or “nice dog!”. Chat just wouldn’t be chat if it was text only – in Allo you can make text or emojis bigger or smaller by dragging the ‘send’ button up or down, scribble on photos before you send them and add custom stickers from independent artists and studios around the globe that Google has partnered to create custom sticker packs, because sometimes what you really, really need is a ‘sloth riding a pizza’ sticker. Google has also taken security into account – all chats are encrypted so your information is secure. It also offers an incognito mode (like that in Chrome), which provides end-to-end encryption, discreet notifications and message expiration. Allo is available globally in app stores from today.   Staff Writer AlloGooglegoogle I/O developer conferencemessaging appSmartphone Comments are closed. « South Africa: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to launch in November Study provides insight into workplace trends » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa Zain zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       Like us In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Appsafrica Innovation Award winners announced November 16, 2016 Bloomberg launches Africa edition of Bloomberg.com November 16, 2016 Huawei reveals focus areas for Africa’s ICT development November 16, 2016 How SA’s online retailers can cash in on Black Friday fever November 16, 2016 Zimbabwe: GetSure moves to a cloud platform with SilverBridge November 16, 2016 Facebook introduces Analytics for Apps November 16, 2016   UPCOMING EVENTS   Principles of IT Leadership | 23 & 24 November 2016, Jhb     Selling to the CIO | 15 & 16 February 2017, Jhb Company Press Offices Press Offices Alcatel Lucent Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom TomUSAASA Veeam MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr SAP Africa announces new appointments November 10, 2016 Microsoft appoints new GM for WECA region November 9, 2016 Future-proof your business – or risk becoming irrelevant November 8, 2016 Bytes Managed Solutions appoints new Operations Executive October 28, 2016 Yahsat appoints Farhad Khan as new CCO October 26, 2016 Ugandan appointed DG of International Telecommunications Satellite Organization October 18, 2016 GetBucks snaps up former Barclays digital chief September 21, 2016 Deloitte Digital appoints new Digital Transformation Practice Leader September 19, 2016 GBI appoints two Vice Presidents – Sales August 30, 2016 Nikki Popoola joins WIOCC as Sales Director August 30, 2016 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2016 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: South Africa: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to launch in November Despite the number of reported incidents around the world related to battery cell issues in the new Galaxy Note7, Samsung...Close
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Nashville Council Adopts Law To Let Google Fiber Come To Town; AT&T Prepares To Sue Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Nashville Council Adopts Law To Let Google Fiber Come To Town; AT&T Prepares To Sue Image courtesy of Discrete_Photography September 21, 2016 10:09 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc so sue us nashville broadband competition at&t comcast google google fiber Google Fiber is one step closer to being physically able to bring their service to Nashville, which is great news for Nashvillians. It’s less good news for Comcast and AT&T, which do not want more competition in town, and which are revving up their legal engines to fight it as much as possible. As the Tennessean reports, the Metro Council did indeed give final approval to the measure last night, and city mayor Megan Barry is expected to sign it into law. We wrote yesterday about the competing proposals facing the Nashville Metro Council last night. One, which already passed earlier rounds of approval, was a “one-touch” ordinance that would easily and quickly allow new competitors — in this case, Google Fiber — to string utility wires on existing poles and provide service. The other, which was just introduced last night, was an industry-written resolution that would allow the incumbents to stall installation and pay paltry fines for doing so. The council adopted the measure on a voice vote; in an earlier round of approvals it was advanced 32-7. The incumbent-friendly proposal, meanwhile, was defeated last night by a vote of 25-14. “Davidson County can be swiftly outfitted with fiber infrastructure no matter the carrier, with speed,” the Tennessean reports Councilman Anthony Davis, a co-sponsor of the ordinance, saying ahead of the vote. “It is great policy. It is simply common sense and it makes Nashville a premier internet and technology city.” Google Fiber executives were likewise pleased with the vote, saying that the one-touch ordinance will “allow new entrants like Google Fiber to bring broadband to more Nashvillians efficiently, safely and quickly.” As you might expect from their track record over the past several months, though, Comcast and AT&T are not happy. Comcast told the Tennessean that it they are disappointed by the vote and may evaluate if any “further proceedings” are necessary. An AT&T executive, meanwhile, reiterated that company’s opposition, telling the Tennessean, “As we have emphasized throughout this debate, the ‘One-Touch’ policy is not a good solution for faster deployment of infrastructure.” AT&T also very politely thanked everyone who had joined them in opposing the measure. The executive did not add, “and we will see you in court when we sue,” but the threat has been explicit for some time. So much so, in fact, that the Tennessean reports Google is promising Nashville legal help in the coming fight ahead. Attorneys for Alphabet (which is still a silly name for the company we all know as Google) announced on Tuesday that in the (inevitable) event of litigation, “Google Fiber will therefore be glad to share the capabilities of its in-house and outside attorneys, including some of the most experienced and accomplished regulatory attorneys in the industry.” It’s no accident that Google made that announcement before the council voted. Litigation with a company the size of AT&T is an expensive, challenging undertaking. AT&T and Comcast are extremely experienced at getting their way, and a lawsuit over pole access regulations — as is currently happening in Louisville — can tie up operations for months. By volunteering legal help, Google made their entry into Nashville look more attractive and less expensive… and who’s to say that the lawyers won’t have some fun getting to shout at AT&T in court? Nashville gives final approval of Google Fiber ‘One Touch’ plan [The Tennessean] September 21, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc so sue us nashville broadband competition at&t comcast google google fiber Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related gonna do it anyway Nashville Advances Proposal To Let Google Fiber In Despite AT&T, Comcast Protests party in the courtroom Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction everything but the kitchen sink Comcast, AT&T Try Again To Stall Google Fiber In Nashville By Writing Law To Slow It Down here we go AT&T Taking Nashville To Court To Try To Slow Down Google Fiber now shake hands Nashville Mayor Wants Google, Comcast, AT&T To Sit Down And Make Nice Over Fiber Plans Previous Minnesota Vikings Let Wells Fargo Keep “Photobombing” Rooftop Signs After All Next Chipotle Shows Off New Food Safety Measures In Effort To Win Back Customers Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Chipotle Shows Off New Food Safety Measures In Effort To Win Back Customers Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
M Wednesday, Nov 16 2016 | Updated at 02:53 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Sep 21, 2016 10:17 AM EDT By Shunie Pearl C. Dela Cruz, UniversityHerald Reporter ‘Google Nexus 2016’ Phones: Pixel Phones Successors Coming in 2017; Leaked Images Point Huawei as Manufacturer? [RUMOR] Google Holds Press Event Announcing New Products (Photo : Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Pixel X and Pixel XL (nee Google Nexus) launching date is imminent. But before the debut of the most powerful android smartphones of 2016, leaked images of alleged "Google Nexus 2016" successors are circulating online bearing the name of Huawei at the back of the phones. Everyone is excited about the upcoming launching of Pixel X and Pixel XL phones (nee Google Nexus). Just before turning on the hype machine, leaked images of alleged "Google Nexus 2016" successors are posted by Slash Gear. The post showed an image of a black Nexus phone with Huawei's name at the back case. Thus it can be concluded that it is highly possible for Google to have contracted Huawei for their 2017 flagships. On the other hand, the world is focus on the upcoming launching of Pixel X (Sailfish) and Pixel XL (Marlin) phones.  Google hired a third party OEM for the phone manufacturing to be able to come up with high-end phones to compete head-to-head with Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus according to the report of BGR. Google killed of Nexus branding to give birth to Pixel lines, following the naming pattern used in Pixel tablets. Pixel X and Pixel XL specs are highly commendable as suggested by the official leaks. But fans are excited for the new experience the "Google Nexus 2016" phones new mobile hardware has to offer. The most talked-about features of the Pixels phones is its camera with 12MP resolution and able to stream 4K video recording at 60fps. Another spec that made everyone excited is the rumored Snapdragon 820 (or 821) which will run the most powerful android smartphone this year. Pixels phones will have an entry price of $649 according to Android Police. Google is slated to launch the "Google Nexus 2016" phones on October 4. For this matter, fans all over the world can watch livestream through YouTube. Tags Google Nexus 2016 Specs, Google Nexus 2016 Price, Google Nexus 2016 Release Date, Pixel X and Pixel XL Price, Pixel X and Pixel XL specs, Google Nexus 2016 Rumors, Google Nexus 2017 leaks © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple and Niantic: How the Two Tech Giants See the Future of ‘Augmented Realit ... “Google Nexus 2016” Phones: Will Pixel Phones Surpass Best Android Smartphon ... ‘GoPro Hero 5’ Specs, Price, Release Date: Get ‘Hero 5 Black’, Karma Dro ... Samsung ‘Galaxy S8’ Rumors: High-End ‘Galaxy S8’ Will Make Someone Nosta ... ‘X-Men 7’ Movie Update: Story Focuses On Jean Grey’s Transition As Phoenix Must Read College Students, It's Good To Always Be The Designated Driver Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTAs a designated driver, you not only save your life -- you save others' as well. ... Warning to Facebook Users: The Most Popular Health News Spreading in the Social Media are the Most Misleading Ones Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTFacebook users are warned about sharing and believing the health news spreading around because not all of them are accurate, particularly the ones ... Christina Aguilera Teaches Vocals Through MasterClass Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTFind out Christina Aguilera’s secrets to success as an artist. ... The Millennials and Gen Z: Setting the Record Straight Nov 13, 2016 AM ESTConfused like the rest of us? Here are some key differences that will help us understand once and for all. ... Most Popular ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Updates: Second Generation Pokemon Released Before U.S. Thanksgiving Celebration? [RUMORS] Nov 15, 2016 AM ESTThe huge success gathered by the commenced “Pokemon GO” Halloween Event signifies that the augmented reality game is still a hit among netizens. ... Microsoft Surface Pro 5: 2017 Flagship is Expected to Come in Two Variants – Windows 10 and Android? [VIDEO] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTThere is a new speculation rounding up the most anticipated Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and it has something to do with the device’s operating system. ... CONFIRMED: Samsung Will Release Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 with EDGE Variants in 2017; Galaxy S8 Plus is Unexpected! [VIDEO] Nov 12, 2016 AM ESTIt seems like Samsung would like to prove something in 2017 with the three new flagships where model numbers recently leaked. Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8 ... Nintendo Entertainment Classic Hits Stores Once Again For Limited Offer; Wii U Production Shutting Down? Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTNintendo Enternatiment Classic hits the market shelves. Although, the refreshed 1980’s NES Classic is expected to become very in-demand, the less ... ‘One Punch Man' Season 2 Release Date: Set in 2017; Saitama Is the New Villain? [VIDEO] Nov 14, 2016 PM ESTMurata Yusuke, the creator of the anime series, has already announced on his Twitter account that he will work hard so that the series will get a new ... Radeon RX 490 Rumored To Have Vega 10 GPU, Support 4K Gaming; Might Get Released In Q1, Q2 2017 [VIDEO] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTAMD's upcoming Radeon RX 490 is rumored to have the Vega 10 GPU, and it will support 4K gaming. Fans think that it will get released in the first or ... AMD Zen: What Is Known About It So Far; Release Rumors in Early 2017 [Video] Nov 14, 2016 AM ESTIntel has long dominated the processor wars over the years, but it seems like AMD is not about ready to play second fiddle with its upcoming AMD Zen, ... Elon Musk And SpaceX May Make It Possible To Escape Donald Trump's Presidency Nov 15, 2016 AM ESTElon Musk thinks that Donald Trump is "not the right guy." ... 'Attack on Titan' Season 2 Release Date Confirmed?; Eren's Secret Exposed, Leaving Mikasa and Armin? More Twists Revealed! Nov 14, 2016 PM ESTThe fans should prepare for more gory scenes in "Attack of Titan" Season 2, as viewers will find out how Mikasa and Armin go the extra mile. ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Software Mobile Apps Ask Google Allo to open the pod bay doors. See what happens Ask Google Allo to open the pod bay doors. See what happens The new messaging app's Google Assistant bot has a cosmic Easter egg inspired by "2001: A Space Odyssey." Ask Google Allo to open the pod bay doors. See what happens 0 Share: Mobile Apps by Richard Trenholm September 21, 2016 6:18 AM PDT @rich_trenholm Up Next Is MacBook Pro perfect? No, but it's worth $3,000 to me Enlarge Image HAL didn't want to open the pod bay doors in "2001: A Space Odyssey", but Google Allo is much more accommodating.Photo by Corbis/Getty Images Things didn't go so well when the humans of "2001: A Space Odyssey" tangled with artificial intelligence. Fortunately, Google's Allo is much friendlier. In the classic 1968 movie, astronaut Dave Bowman asked eerie supercomputer HAL to open the ship's pod bay doors and let him back inside. HAL infamously replied, "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." Happily, when Twitter user Jennifer Harrison gave the same request to Google's new Allo messaging app, Allo replied "I can't do that... But there's a spare key under the flowerpot outside the pod bay airlock. You can let yourself in!" Allo, an app for both Android and iOS, includes Google Assistant, a bot that you can chat with to find out stuff in the form of a conversation. So if you ask for the latest sports scores, for example, Allo replies with the relevant information. Ask for for an interesting fact, and Allo will serve up a bit of trivia -- say, Russia's attitude to beer. Allo darlin' Allo, Duo, Google Messenger, Hangouts. Google has three 'messenger' apps too many Google's Allo messenger app is a know-it-all Easter eggs in AI apps are always a fun bonus. For example, Apple's voice-activated personal assistant Siri is known for its sassy chat, while Amazon's Alexa can quote Monty Python back at you. Have you spotted an Easter egg while chatting with Allo? Let us know in the comments. Google Allo puts an assistant in your pocket Though there is no shortage of chat apps available, Google Allo has distinctive features like Assistant, Smart Replies and Incognito Mode. by Lynn La 1:37 Close Drag Tags Crave Mobile Apps Bots Artificial intelligence Google CNET Review Google Allo In a world overwhelmed with chat apps, Google's Allo gets a leg up from artificial intelligence. See it Related Stories Improve your #tbt efforts with Google's new PhotoScan app Facebook brings Instagram and Messenger together to make social for business easier Google Allo gets smarter with its smilies Best iPhone apps of 2016 Close   Discuss: Ask Google Allo to open the pod bay doors.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Is MacBook Pro perfect? No, but it's worth $3,000 to me CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home World news Taiwan asks Google to blur images showing new South China Sea facilities Taiwan asks Google to blur images showing new South China Sea facilities Taiwan's defence ministry said on Wednesday it is asking Google to blur satellite images showing what experts say appear to be new military installations on Itu Aba, Taipei's sole holding in the disputed South China Sea. By: Reuters | Taipei | Published: September 21, 2016 6:36 PM The revelation of new military-related construction could raise tensions in the contested waterway, where China’s building of airstrips and other facilities has worried other claimants and the United States. (Representative Image: Google) Taiwan’s defence ministry said on Wednesday it is asking Google to blur satellite images showing what experts say appear to be new military installations on Itu Aba, Taipei’s sole holding in the disputed South China Sea. The revelation of new military-related construction could raise tensions in the contested waterway, where China’s building of airstrips and other facilities has worried other claimants and the United States. The images seen on Google Earth show four three-pronged structures sitting in a semi-circle just off the northwestern shoreline of Itu Aba, across from an upgraded airstrip and recently constructed port that can dock 3,000-ton frigates. “Under the pre-condition of protecting military secrets and security, we have requested Google blur images of important military facilities,” Taiwan Defence Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi said on Wednesday, after local media published the images on Itu Aba. The United States has urged against the militarisation of the South China Sea, following the rapid land reclamation by China on several disputed reefs through dredging, and building air fields and port facilities. Taiwan’s defence ministry and coast guard, which directly oversees Itu Aba, said details about the structures are confidential and have not commented on their nature. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc, did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the request. Defence experts in Taiwan said that based on the imagery of the structures and their semi-circular layout, the structures were likely related to defence and could be part of an artillery foundation. “I think definitely it will be for military purposes, but I cannot tell if it is for defending, attacking or monitoring,” said Dustin Wang, a scholar and a former government advisor who has regularly visited Itu Aba. Wang said given the structures’ location which faces the main seaborne traffic, they may relate to surveillance. China, Taiwan, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia and Brunei claim parts or all of the South China Sea, through which trillions of dollars in trade passes. In July, an international court ruled against China in a case brought by the Philippines that rejected China’s claim to a vast swathes of the disputed maritime area. Both China and Taiwan, which China views as a renegade province, vehemently rejected the court ruling. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Tata-Mistry feud: Key board meets of 2 Tata group companies tomorrow Bob Dylan can't make it to Nobel ceremony: Swedish Academy India to host T20 Cricket World Cup for the Blind After Donald Trump victory, Barack Obama and Angela Merkel stress benefits of EU-US trade deal UIDAI cautions citizens against misuse of Aadhaar Flipkart resumes cash-on-delivery service but will not accept banned notes Demonetisation row: Congress leader compares Narendra Modi with Adolf Hitler, sparks outrage Tips on protecting devices from hackers Oklahoma City shooting: Police say gunman at Will Rogers World Airport was ex-employee Ramayana fame 'Vibhishan' Mukesh Rawal dies in train accident Pakistan military conducts exercise close to Indian border  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
AndroidOS.in Main Menu Skip to content Lower Menu Skip to content Home Android in India Phone Prices Tablet Prices India Apps Best Phones Best value for money Android smartphones in India High-end Mid-range Entry-level Phones Tablets Apps Best online shopping apps for India Best railways apps for India Best music streaming apps for India Must have Android apps for Indians Chrome OS Software Updates Tip us Google wants to help you load webpages faster on Android devices 2 Comments on Google wants to help you load webpages faster on Android devices Expands Google Web Light to India Google’s optimised version of AndroidOS.in A month after beginning the field trials for its new feature to optimise webpages for the Google search users on Android devices in Indonesia, Google has announced its expansion to the Indian market. According to a post on Google India blog, in two weeks, Google will start showing an optimised version of mobile webpages to search users on Android devices in India. “If you’re in India, with an Android phone and on a slow connection, like 2G, you should start to see pages loading a whole lot faster, while using far less data, via your Chrome or Android browser from Google’s search results,” wrote Hiroto Tokusei of Google. The search giant notes that during its Indonesia trials, the optimised webpages loaded four times faster and use 80 percent less data than before. Although Google has not officially named the feature, the support documents indicate that it is internally dubbed as Google Web Light. Who will see these optimised webpages? Google search users on Android devices, who are on slower data connection and use Chrome for Android or Android (AOSP) browser. What exactly is Google optimising? Google is essentially passing the whole webpage through its own servers and transcoding it to reduce the overall size, caching a few elements and removing the excess advertisements. According to Google, it will only serve 3 ads per page. Will I lose any data on the optimised webpages? The optimized pages preserve a majority of the relevant content and provide a link for users to view the original page. Will also webpages be optimised? No. The websites, who have opted out of the Google Web Light, sites that require cookies, sites that use a significant amount of data and the websites that are technically difficult to transcode will not be optimised. Is it available anywhere outside India and Indonesia? It is coming soon to Brazil. Keep an eye on the Google Brazil blog for more. Applications, India June 11, 2015 Gaurav Shukla. About Gaurav Shukla Gaurav Shukla is the editor of AndroidOS.in. If you'd like to reach him, drop an email at 'gaurav@androidos.in' or connect with him on Twitter (@gauravshukla). View all posts by Gaurav Shukla → Post navigation ← Opera updates Android version, releases browser for Android TV News Briefs: Yureka & Yuphoria get CM nightlies, Playphone store coming to Cyanogen OS & more → IndianRailwayApp Need railway tickets very urgently, use irctc mobile app and get online railway updates. user can easily handle this application and available on android, iOS and window version. Arul It’s not working in my phone (I’m from chennai). Let me know how you tried. Search for: Proudly powered by WordPress AndroidOS.in
AndroidOS.in Main Menu Skip to content Lower Menu Skip to content Home Android in India Phone Prices Tablet Prices India Apps Best Phones Best value for money Android smartphones in India High-end Mid-range Entry-level Phones Tablets Apps Best online shopping apps for India Best railways apps for India Best music streaming apps for India Must have Android apps for Indians Chrome OS Software Updates Tip us Google Maps adds Indian Railways schedules for public transit directions 1 Comment on Google Maps adds Indian Railways schedules for public transit directions Google on Tuesday announced that it is adding Indian Railways schedules to Google Maps, which will be using the information to offer directions for inter-city public transit travel. In addition, the company has refreshed the metro and bus routes to better cater the intra-city commuters. “Google Transit is part of our effort to make Google Maps more comprehensive, accurate and useful for millions of people around the world who take buses, trains, metros or trams to their next destination. We hope that the addition of the Indian Railways schedules pan India and updated information for eight cities to Google Transit in India will make it a little easier to plan your next trip,” said Suren Ruhela, Director, Program Management, Google Maps. According to Google, the railways schedules will be available on Android, iOS as well as the desktop version of the Google Maps, and offer information for as many as 12,000 trains. How to plan your trip with Google Maps (Android)? Open Google Maps app Type your destination into Google Maps Click on the “Get Directions” button and then select the “Public Transit” icon to find which metro, train or bus options are available. You can also change the start location during this step. Google Maps will then display directions to your destination with the public transport options Applications, India Google Maps for Android May 12, 2015 Gaurav Shukla. About Gaurav Shukla Gaurav Shukla is the editor of AndroidOS.in. If you'd like to reach him, drop an email at 'gaurav@androidos.in' or connect with him on Twitter (@gauravshukla). View all posts by Gaurav Shukla → Post navigation ← Yu Yuphoria is official, goes on sale May 28 at INR 6,999 Intex launches Cloud N at INR 4,199 → IndianRailwayApp Good and Useful Indian Railway App. The application has improved by miles over time. I have been using this app since over 5 yrs as I travel extensively. Thanks for your response to the feedback. You have added the full Monthy Calendar to the seat availability page, which is just unexpected. Thanks to the Team. All the best Keep growing. Search for: Proudly powered by WordPress AndroidOS.in
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Weather: 1 Severe Weather Alert for 55802 Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Sean Hannity Show 2PM–5PM The Mark Levin Show 5PM–8PM The Savage Nation 8PM–11PM Current Weather (55811) 45° Search Our Site Search The Rush Limbaugh Show 11AM–2PM News Google launches Allo, bets on AI to spice up chats Google launches Allo, bets on AI to spice up chats Wednesday, September 21, 2016 8:21 a.m. CDT (Reuters) - Google-parent Alphabet Inc launched Allo, a messaging app that incorporates Google's search feature and a chatbot that uses machine learning to "improve" itself over time. The new messaging service, which was unveiled in May, will compete with Facebook Inc's WhatsApp and Messenger. The much-anticipated launch comes a month after Google rolled out Duo, its video calling app. Allo features a chatbot powered by Google Assistant, a virtual personal assistant like Apple Inc's Siri. Users can call up the assistant in a chat by typing "@google" followed by a search query and the results will be displayed in the chat itself. (http://bit.ly/2dgDr6l) "The more you use it, the more it improves over time," Amit Fulay, group product manager, wrote in a blog post. The app has a "Smart Reply" feature that suggests responses to chats and can be send with just a tap. "If your friend sends you a photo of their pet, you might see Smart Reply suggestions like 'aww cute!'," Fulay wrote. Users can also use stickers and scribble on photos before sending them. Allo will have end-to-end encryption only while chatting in "Incognito" mode. Whatsapp chats have end-to-end encryption. Google has started rolling out Allo and said the app would be available worldwide in the next few days. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Comments Top Stories Utilities Unite Against Scammers Wednesday, November 16 Minnesota Give To The Max Day Thursday Wednesday, November 16 Winter Hazards Include Fire Wednesday, November 16 Winter Storm Watch Issued For Friday Wednesday, November 16 Christmas By The Lake CD Release Party Tuesday, November 15 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2016 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › US home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close US elections 2016 The 2016 campaign, minute-by-minute Trump dropped his birtherism stance to 'get on with campaign' – as it happened Donald Trump introduced by Don King at black church near Cleveland Mike Pence denies claims that Trump siphoned $258,000 in donations Updated Don King says N-word during Trump rally Scott Bixby (now) and Tom McCarthy (earlier) Wednesday 21 September 2016 21.54 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 16 November 2016 11.24 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 9.54pm EDT 21:54 Today in Campaign 2016 9.15pm EDT 21:15 Don King joins Donald Trump for town hall on Fox News 7.48pm EDT 19:48 Donald Trump on birtherism change of heart: 'I just wanted to get on with the campaign' 6.32pm EDT 18:32 Gary Johnson calls 'bullshit' on running mate dropping out of race 5.06pm EDT 17:06 New national poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 7 points in two-way race 3.34pm EDT 15:34 'The West Wing' cast to campaign for Hillary Clinton in Ohio 3.08pm EDT 15:08 Clinton describes disabilities equality agenda Live feed Show 9.54pm EDT 21:54 Today in Campaign 2016 Donald Trump smiles as Don King drops the N-word. Photograph: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters As Donald Trump continued his attempts to reach out to African American voters, boxing promoter Don King used the N-word in introducing him at a church in Cleveland. Speaking at the Midwest Vision and Values Pastors Leadership Conference hosted by longtime Trump ally Dr Darrell Scott, King used the term seemingly by accident while attempting to use “negro” as a replacement. “I told Michael Jackson, I said, ‘If you are poor, you are a poor negro,’” he said. “I would use the N-word. But if you are rich, you are a rich negro. If you are intelligent, intellectual, you’re an intellectual negro. If you are a dancing and sliding and gliding nigger – I meant negro – you’re a dancing and sliding and gliding negro. So dare not alienate because you cannot assimilate.” The use of the racial epithet led to awkward laughter from Trump and other audience members. The Green party may try to “escort” candidate Jill Stein into the presidential debates in an attempt to get her onstage, a campaign adviser announced on Wednesday. Kevin Zeese told the Guardian that Stein, her vice-presidential candidate Ajamu Baraka and 100 of her supporters were willing to risk arrest at the debates, the first of which will be held at New York’s Hofstra University on Monday. “About 300 people have already signed up to protest, 100 are willing to risk arrest,” Zeese said.“We hope Jill and Ajamu will not get arrested as we want them to respond in live time to the debate but when you are on the frontlines, things are not always in our control.” The Commission on Presidential Debates announced on Friday that the third-party candidates Stein and Libertarian Gary Johnson had failed to qualify for the first debate. In a one-on-one interview with a local ABC affiliate before a campaign appearance in Toledo, Ohio, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told a reporter that the reason behind his reversal on his long-held stance on President Barack Obama’s citizenship was that he “wanted to get on with the campaign.” “This announcement earlier this week with you saying that you believe President Obama was in fact born in the United States, after all the years where you’ve expressed some doubt, what changed?” asked ABC6 reporter Ben Garbarek. This coming weekend, cast members from Aaron Sorkin walk-and-talk political drama The West Wing will campaign for Hillary Clinton in Ohio, the biggest instance of liberal showbiz wish fulfillment since... well, since The West Wing was on the air in the first place. Ian Sams (@IanSams) NEW --> The gang is getting back together: the cast of The West Wing will campaign for @HillaryClinton in stops across Ohio this weekend. pic.twitter.com/ZwyoIyiIDX September 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.40pm EDT 21:40 Charlotte-Mecklenburg police chief Kerr Putney has just told Fox News that the person taken to hospital with “life-threatening injuries” earlier today has died, in a second night of protests over the death of 43-year-old black man. Person shot dead as riots erupt in North Carolina after Keith Scott killing – live Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.15pm EDT 21:15 Don King joins Donald Trump for town hall on Fox News Boxing promoter and convicted manslaughterer Don Kin joined Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Fox News host Sean Hannity’s town hall aimed at winning the hearts of African American voters today, a sentence we never thought we’d be typing. “What I’m asking Donald Trump to do is what Donald Trump volunteered to do, it is to change the system,” King, who once kicked a man to death on a stretch of road now named after him, said. “It doesn’t matter about, whatever we seem right, wrong or indifferent. If the system doesn’t change, it’s going to be the same. So I say, why would Donald Trump be different from Obama or any other president? Because he will call them out.? King cited the example of South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham, who he initially called “Lindsey Tucker.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.01pm EDT 21:01 Would-be Democratic presidential nominee Bernie Sanders may no longer have a shot at winning his (newly adopted) party’s nomination, but he has found a new role to take on: that of a young-adult nonfiction author. Sanders’ upcoming book, Our Revolution, will reportedly be adapted for high school-age kids, according to CNN. The book, according to publisher Henry Holt, will be “an inspiring teen guide to engaging with and shaping the world - a perfect gift and important read.” Updated at 9.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.47pm EDT 20:47 Hillary Clinton’s campaign has responded to Donald Trump’s declaration that the only reason he abandoned his never-ending quest to prove that President Barack Obama was not born in the United States was that he wanted to “get on with the campaign.” “After spending 5 years championing a conspiracy theory to undermine our first African American President, Donald Trump hasn’t actually changed his mind,” said campaign spokesperson Jesse Ferguson. “He only gave his 36 second press statement last week to try to change the subject - and it didn’t work.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.03pm EDT 20:03 Donald Trump, on his foundation using charitable donations to settle his legal debts: The foundation is really there. It gives money to that. It’s really been doing a good job. I think we put that to sleep just by putting out the last report. Updated at 8.11pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.58pm EDT 19:58 Donald Trump’s endorsement of a nationwide “stop-and-frisk” policy at a town hall hosted by acolyte Sean Hannity this afternoon has been well reported, but here are a few other moments from the town hall that will likely spark intense conversations regarding the candidate’s policies: On the shooting of an unarmed man in Tulsa, Oklahoma: HANNITY: I saw it. TRUMP: And a young policemen shot this man. I don’t get it. I don’t care where you’re coming from. There was something really bad going on. HANNITY: I saw it. He had his hands up. TRUMP: I don’t know if she choked. He was walking. His hands were high. He was walking to the car. He put the hands on the car. Now, maybe she choked. Something really bad happened. On “the race card”: You know, the one thing I see is that when you start to win, and I’ve watched this not just for me, I’ve watched it over the years, when you start to win and win and win, they have nothing to say and they can’t stop you, they always start using the racist word. It’s a very interesting phenomenon, but the word “racist” comes out and that means that you’re winning and that’s their last chance, and I don’t think it’s working. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.48pm EDT 19:48 Donald Trump on birtherism change of heart: 'I just wanted to get on with the campaign' In a one-on-one interview with a local ABC affiliate before a campaign appearance in Toledo, Ohio, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told a reporter that the reason behind his reversal on his long-held stance on President Barack Obama’s citizenship was that he “wanted to get on with the campaign.” Donald Trump Photograph: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters “This announcement earlier this week with you saying that you believe President Obama was in fact born in the United States, after all the years where you’ve expressed some doubt, what changed?” asked ABC6 reporter Ben Garbarek. “Well, I just wanted to get on with, I wanted to get on with the campaign,” Trump said. “A lot of people were asking me questions. We want to talk about jobs. We want to talk about the military. We want to talk about Isis and get rid of Isis. We want to talk about bringing jobs back to this area because you’ve been decimated so we just wanted to get back on the subject of jobs, military, taking care of our vets, et cetera.” Trump then left the interview for the event. Trump attempted to resolve the issue last Friday by admitting that Obama was born in the US after years of promoting false claims that he was born in Kenya, but continued to falsely claim that his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton was behind the conspiracy theory. Updated at 7.52pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.32pm EDT 18:32 Gary Johnson calls 'bullshit' on running mate dropping out of race Libertarian presidential nominee and former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson dropped a colorful bit of language during a Facebook Live interview this afternoon, telling a journalist that rumors that his running mate, Bill Weld, is on the verge of dropping from the ticket are “bullshit.” The rumor, started last week by reporter Carl Bernstein, implies that Weld, startled by the possibility that the Libertarian ticket could spoil Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning the White House and functionally hand the election to Republican nominee Donald Trump, will soon drop out of the race and endorse Clinton. “That is bullshit,” Johnson told USA Today opinion editor Bill Sternberg, who was slightly flummoxed by the language. “We are on Facebook Live,” Sternberg said. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.28pm EDT 17:28 David Smith House Democrats and civil rights experts have warned that tens of thousands of African American voters face potential disenfranchisement in November’s presidential election, the first since the supreme court struck down key provisions of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Donald Trump holds a roundtable meeting with the Republican Leadership Initiative in his offices at Trump Tower in New York. Photograph: Gerald Herbert/AP Kristen Clarke, president of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, told a meeting at the US Capitol on Wednesday that it is contesting “dozens” of litigations across the country. “Right now we are fighting in Hancock County, Georgia, where election officials have undertaken an effort to ‘clean up’ the registration rolls and have purged legitimately registered African Americans from the rolls,” she said. “They engage the sheriff’s office in this scheme. The sheriff’s office will be deployed to people’s homes and tell you that you are being issued a summons to come down and establish your voting eligibility.” Clarke added: “We filed just last week in Georgia where the secretary of state’s office has failed to process more than 42,000 registration forms from people who want to vote because of a restrictive practice that requires that every letter, every digit, every character on a registration form exactly match information contained in the state’s database. And we know those databases are riddled with errors and this is a practice that disadvantages African Americans and minority voters in particular.” In 2013, the supreme court struck down Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act in a 5-4 ruling in Shelby County, Alabama v. Holder. Section 4 concerned the formula for determining which states are covered under Section 5 of the law requiring “pre-clearance” for changes to voting laws. This rendered Section 5 inoperative unless Congress came up with a revised version of determining coverage. Congress has so far failed to do so; activists blamed Republican leaders for inaction. Clarke noted that Wednesday’s panel discussion was taking part in the Lyndon Johnson room, named after the president who signed voting rights into law. She warned: “What I can tell you is this: the world has changed in the absence of section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Officials at the state and the local level have exploited every opportunity they can to institute or maintain discriminatory voting practices in the absence of section 5. “Each day that Congress fails to act, we not only subject African Americans and other minority voters to the recurring indignity of voter discrimination but taxpayers suffer too. North Carolina has spent nearly $5m defending its discriminatory voter suppression law; Texas has spent more than $3.5m defending its discriminatory voter ID law. And the price tag increases each day. “Voter discrimination, if left unchecked, will stand as a stain on our democracy. It is bad for taxpayers, it is bad for Americans. It is time for Congress to stop turning a blind eye to the resurgence of voter discrimination in our country.” Recent restrictions passed by 14 states include new photo ID requirements, a reduction in early voting days and the abolition of same-day registration. Voter fraud is often cited as a reason but experts said the problem is “minuscule”. Civil rights stalwart John Lewis, a Democratic Representative from Georgia, was in the room when Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act. But he said during this year’s primaries he came across a couple who had been married for 40 but were told to vote at separate polling stations. “In the past few months and years I’ve traveled across the country and I know that there is a deliberate persistent systematic effort to make it harder and more difficult for the disabled, student, senior, minority, the poor and rural voters to participate in the democratic process. That’s not right, not fair, and it’s not just.” He said it was a “disgrace” that Congress has not acted and call on Clarke’s organisation to “file suits all over the place to make it real, make it plain”. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.20pm EDT 17:20 Ted Cruz appears pleased with Donald Trump’s embrace of a discredited conspiracy theory that the United States is turning over “control” of the Internet to the United Nations. Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) Appreciate @realDonaldTrump’s support of our efforts to keep the internet free: https://t.co/gc4aRustpx September 21, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.06pm EDT 17:06 New national poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 7 points in two-way race According to the latest national poll released by NBC/the Wall Street Journal, former secretary of state and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton leads Republican nominee Donald Trump by 7 points nationally, 48% to 41%, a,d leads by 6 points in a four-way race, 43% to Trump’s 37%. Hillary Clinton. Photograph: Matt Rourke/AP Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson has broken the double digits with 10% support, while Green nominee Jill Stein holds at 3%. Clinton heads into the first presidential debate this coming Monday with only slightly weakened margins since the last time the poll was conducted, and with an increase in her (still dismal) favorability ratings. Clinton is now viewed positively by 37% of voters and negatively by 52%, while views of Trump are still deeply, historically negative at 28% positive, 61% negative, a decrease in favorability ratings since the beginning of the summer. The poll, conducted by phone, includes 1,000 registered voters and was between 16-19 September. Among the 922 respondents deemed “likely voters,” the margin for error is 3.23 percentage points. Updated at 5.11pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41pm EDT 16:41 Ben Jacobs Donald Trump today described the threat posed by Syrian refugees as not “only a matter of terrorism, but also a matter of quality of life”. Donald Trump Photograph: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters The statement marked a new escalation of Trump’s rhetoric warning of the danger of admitting into the United States Syrian refugees, whom he has repeatedly compared to the Trojan horse. Trump’s remarks came at a rally in Toledo, Ohio, where the Republican nominee once again addressed the issue of terrorism in the aftermath of the bombing attacks in New York and New Jersey in the past week. He linked the attack to the admission of immigrants and refugees from overseas. “We’ve admitted tens of thousands with no effective screening plan,” Trump claimed, adding: “We have no idea who we are letting in. You’ve seen what happened.” The United States has an extensive refugee screening program for those entering from Syria that takes up to two years. The accused New York bomber, Ahmad Khan Rahami, entered the US as a child and is a naturalized citizen. The Republican nominee expanded his argument, bringing in concerns about “quality of life”. Trump claimed: “Altogether, the Hillary Clinton plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in the first term. Her plan would cost $400bn in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs – think of that.” Both of these figures have been proven false by independent fact-checkers. Trump says Syrian refugees aren't just a terrorist threat, they'd hurt quality of life Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 Donald Trump’s oldest son has defended comparing Syrian refugees to poisoned Skittles today, telling the Utah-based Deseret News that the failures of refugee programs in Europe are evidence that he is right. “We’ve seen what’s going on in Europe,” Donald Trump Jr. said. “We can’t be naive to that and pretend that’s not happening there. If there’s one death associated with it because we messed up and we didn’t do it right, that’s a problem for me.” Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN September 19, 2016 The tweet sparked outrage on social media, with some users posting harrowing images of Syrians caught up in the civil war juxtaposed with the word Skittles. The younger Trump protested that photo he tweeted was not an exact ratio, because it “didn’t say numbers of Skittles.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 5 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics US elections 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton US politics Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US selected world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › US elections 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Mobile > Google Allo launched; can it beat WhatsApp, iMessage? Google Allo launched; can it beat WhatsApp, iMessage? September 21, 2016  | Priya Singh Tweet | 0 Comments The much awaited Goggle Allo has finally been launched. Giving stiff competition to its existing competitors – WhatsApp, iMessenger and Facebook Messenger, what differentiates Allo is its ‘smart’ abilities. Google Allo promises to make your life smarter and simpler with features that stand out. It can not only reply to messages on your behalf, but the inbuilt assistant ‘@google’ will also search the Internet, offer suggestions and play videos for you. Allo is Google’s second chat application after Duo that offers video calls. The test version of Allo that was released a few weeks ago, created a stir with its absolutely new interface and features. The app will be available for both Android and Apple users works on a machine learning software that helps it to learn how its users talk and communicate in order to generate enhanced and appropriate responses over time. Users can also call upon a virtual assistant to navigate, provide information regarding flights, restaurants, weather and news. The five best Allo features 1. Automatic Responses The app can suggest automatic replies to save users time when they’re on the move. 2. Image Recognition Allo also draws on Google’s image recognition software for Smart Reply, meaning that it can spot the difference between a cat and baby and suggest responses. 3. The @google Assistant Google’s virtual assistant can pull information from the internet, embed YouTube videos within a chat and provide up-to-the-minute information. 4. Image illustrations and font sizes Google’s Allo also contains some of the playful features of Apple’s new iMessage and Facebook’s Messenger, such as the ability to scribble on pictures, send larger and smaller versions of text messages, and custom-designed stickers. 5. Incognito Mode The chats are encrypted in Allo, just like WhatsApp, so you don’t have to worry about privacy. When you chat in Incognito mode, messages have end-to-end encryption and additional privacy features like discreet notifications and message expiration. Will it work? Allo is not Google’s first attempt at messaging apps. Allo is designed targeting the social audience, unlike Google hangout, which runs through Gmail accounts and usually used for professional purposes. With features like the smart assistant, Allo will surely give a tough competition to the existing players. However, the big question is how many people will actually download the app? With iMessage having a clear advantage among all iPhone users and Facebook messenger and WhatsApp, both with more than one billion users, will Google Allo be able to crack the market and its make way? Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Facebook messenger, Google, Google Allo, Google Duo, iMessage, Voice recognition, WhatsApp Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Times Internet hires former Twitter exec Rishi Jaitly as CEO of Times Global Partners Google launches app to turn old photos into digital images Twitter adds features to curb online abuse More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... Dr.Anil Batta on 2016-11-13 07:22:02 All the best Mr.Punit Soni.My best wishes are always with you.... Kala on 2016-11-11 12:43:54 This is a decade old tech. Grow up...... Shanu soni on 2016-11-09 23:31:33 Congratulations beta ji God bless u great success whatever u desire... eBay fires product, tech team in India Snapdeal reorganises top management structure Exclusive: O2O startup Shopsity shuts down; founder joins Paytm Hiring portal iimjobs.com raises $2 mn in Series A funding Five Indian chatbots that are changing the game Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Apple Holic By Jonny Evans Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Feature Apple’s new iWork is all the productivity most of us need Apple's new iWork does everything most of us need More like this First look: A week with macOS Sierra WWDC: 12 iOS 10 features you probably didn't know about Hands on: ‘Siri, what’s new in macOS Sierra?’ on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Credit: Appleholic Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Sep 21, 2016 5:35 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Apple iOS Mobile Apps Apple iOS 9 Google G Suite Comments Released along with macOS Sierra and iOS 10 in the last few days, Apple has also improved its iWork productivity suite (Pages, Keynote and Numbers). It means that for most Mac and the 35 percent of iPhone users already migrated to iOS 10 the only reason to ever use Google Docs is because someone else makes them do so, while power users will continue using Microsoft’s Office solutions. Work together The flagship improvement is Apple’s introduction of real time collaboration (beta), a move that matches Google Docs and Office Online. What this means is you can share documents with other people and work on them simultaneously, whether the people you are working with are on a Mac, iOS device, or connected to iWork via iCloud using Safari, Internet Explorer or Chrome browsers. While the collaboration tools are beta features, and therefore sometimes a little glitchy, Pages, Numbers and Keynote users can: Edit spreadsheets, presentations and documents with others at the same time Share documents publicly or with specific people See who is in a document you are working on, including being capable of seeing other people’s cursors as they work. Keynote users can also present slideshows others can watch from a Mac, iOS device or iWork on iCloud thanks to a new feature called Keynote Live. Apple has made some smaller improvements as well, including tabs support that lets you work on multiple documents in one window, as if you were using Safari. You can also open and edit Pages 05 and Keynote 05 documents. If you've used Pages, Keynote or Numbers in the past you may have been a little turned off by some of the idiosyncrasies of the software, but it is well worth looking again, as many of the software wrinkles are ironed out in the latest edition of the suite. What’s critical – and what sets the new iWork apart from Google Docs – is interface design. “The concept of giving colors to the different users and integrating the edits in real time appears to be a much more elegant and natural user interface than what Google (and others) have done,” one analyst wrote. The environment is… Ask anyone who has ever tried to manage an AdWords account page and you know that Google doesn’t put serious effort into application design. Humans may be central to that company’s business, but it is advertisers that form the central plank of the company’s philosophy. This is where Apple has gone one better with iWork, even while matching Google’s approach to productivity software. Like Google, Apple doesn’t want to be the best productivity suite, just a good enough alternative for most of us. After all, only a fraction of us use or need all the heavy haulage features you find in Office. Google says just 10 percent of Docs users are doing anything more complex than reading and light editing of documents. “That population of creators and content authors is 10 per cent or less,” Google’s Rajen Sheth said last year. If you want advanced tools, you’ll use Office, and Microsoft does good business on the 10 percent who need those features. This means Google – and Apple – only need to focus on ensuring their software can handle Office documents efficiently, rather than matching the full feature set. This means iWork doesn’t need to offer everything you’ll find in Office, just a good enough selection of tools “for the rest of us”. And that’s where Apple plays its hand to make Google Docs irrelevant for most iOS and Mac users: By design Over 5 million businesses use Google Apps, but the stark truth is that doing so means you have to endure an incredibly utilitarian user interface. It’s kind of like someone invented a productivity app in the 80’s and never improved it. Apple beats Google here by creating apps (online and offline) that are nicely designed and user focused. It’s that designed for humans thing, remember? It means that iWork has all the features you need inside a solution that’s nice to use, highly visual and – therefore – better. Apple’s focus on the human interface means its iWork solutions offer all the features most people need, but also provide a superior user experience consistently across all supported platforms: Mac, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and online at iCloud. The latter means PC users can also work with you. Apple’s solution is also free, which makes it more attractive – and as secure as Apple’s highly secure iCloud. What this means is that for most iOS and Mac users, the new iteration of the iWork suite means there should be almost no reason to use Google Docs, while those who need more sophisticated solutions will continue to use Microsoft Office. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Want Apple TV tips? If you want to learn how to get the very best out of your Apple TV, please visit my Apple TV website. Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Apple iOS Mobile Apps Apple iOS 9 Google G Suite Previous Post The essential macOS Sierra upgrade guide Next Post IBM says: ‘Swift is now ready for the enterprise’ Jonny Evans Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Curvature Empowers Healthcare Company to Boost Operational Efficiency Case Study Sponsored Curvature & Sisters of Charity Health System White Paper Curvature's Netsure Helps Biopharma Keep Pace with Rapid Expansion eGuide Sponsored eGuide: A Mobile Security Strategy for Your Workforce White Paper Enterprise Cyber Risk Management - Protecting IT Assets that Matter Go Top Stories The next versions of Visual Studio are here on Windows -- and Mac Microsoft's Connect developer conference kicked off with some expected news: the next versions of the... Mingis on Tech: Show-and-tell with the new MacBook Pros It's a lot easier to really judge a laptop when you've got it in hand -- especially when it's Apple's... No, Twitter, a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version September 21, 2016 - 17:32 AMT SHARE Google, tech giants team up with White House to help refugees Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter and other big tech corporations have joined hands with the White House to help refugees across the globe. They were among the members of the private sector that answered the president's Call to Action back in June. Now, the administration has published the complete list of participants, along with a short description of what they're doing for the cause. Google has promised to fund and lend its technical expertise to non-government orgs providing free education to 10,000 out-of-school Lebanese kids. Earlier, the big G donated $5.3 million worth of Chromebooks to European refugees earlier this year, Engadget reports. Facebook plans to provide free WiFi connection in 35 locations across Greece, as well as to continue working with the UN to give people in refugee camps free access to the internet. Plus, the company will use its website to raise funds for them and to donate funds to NGOs catering to their needs. As for Microsoft, it plans to help NGOs provide wider access to education and training. The company also wants to build an Innovation Hub, where refugees can develop their technical and entrepreneurial skills. HP has a similar plan, with the aim to build six Learning Studios in Lebanon and Jordan for kids and adults. The same goes for Coursera, which will team up with NGOs to give refugees access to over 1,000 courses offered by universities. Since some refugees still need to learn English or to brush up on their vocabulary before they can jump into learning skills, Zynga is making an educational version of Words with Friends. The social video game-maker will also provide experts to mentor the finalists of a competition that aims to create an app that can teach Syrian children to read in Arabic. Uber's and LinkedIn's projects, on the other hand, will benefit those looking to start working ASAP the most. The former will team up with resettlement agencies in the U.S. to offer refugees work opportunities, while the latter is expanding its refugee initiative called Welcoming Talent to countries outside of Sweden. The other familiar companies in the list are IBM, Twitter and TripAdvisor. IBM promises to continue supporting European refugees and migrants any way it can, while TripAdvisor has already earmarked $5 million for humanitarian organizations. Finally, Twitter is giving NGOs in the U.S. and Europe a $50,000 "Ads for Good" advertising grant. In the White House's Call to Action months ago, the administration stressed refugees' potential to contribute to the countries they fled to if given the opportunity. The companies that decided to pitch in could open those windows of opportunity that might remain close otherwise. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Mobile/Gallery AppsMobile Google Allo released for Android and iOS! By Todd Haselton | September 21, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo After a long wait, Google finally released its new smart messaging application dubbed “Allo” on Wednesday. Allo offers a much richer texting experience than Hangouts or even Google Messenger, with support for things like stickers, the ability to change font sizes, scribble on photos and more. Allo can also serve as an assistant, though, allowing you to make dinner reservations, search through Google and more. From within Allo, you’ll just type @google to pull up the assistant, and then add in your command. “@google find nearby pizza places,” for example, should return those results right into the chat. It can also be used for querying the web, finding travel information, checking the weather, searching for YouTube videos and more. For folks who are worried about privacy, there’s also a fully encrypted Incognito mode with self-destructing messages. Allo is rolling out now. I found the Android app already available, but the iOS one wasn’t in the App Store last I checked. Source Google Topics #Google #Google #Google Allo Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Garda strike Health Oscar Pistorius Syria Google event revealed for October 4: new smartphones set to be announced PreviousNext 21/09/2016 - 14:08:13Back to Business Home Google has confirmed a live event for early October, when the tech giant is expected to reveal two new “own built” smartphones. Social media has already been awash with rumours and leaked images claiming to show the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones that are expected to be announced at the event. Not that Google is going out of its way to cool any talk of new phones – a teaser video on its YouTube page contains an outline that is quite clearly a smartphone. As the alleged name of the phones suggests, the event is likely to see a departure from Google’s Nexus line of devices. There’s expected to be both a five and 5.5-inch version of the phone, and as well as images a video has been circulating online of a commercial from Nest (the Google-owned smart thermostat company) from the Netherlands that appears to show one of the new devices in use. Rumours are currently suggesting the new device will follow one trend of the Nexus phones in that it will have design collaboration, with reports suggesting Google has worked with HTC. There have also been suggestions the event could see Google discuss more of its smart home business, as well as a 4K definition version of the Chromecast streaming device. KEYWORDS: Google, Nexus, October 4, Pixel, Pixel XL, Smartphone   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Hands-on: Google Allo Hands-on: Google Allo Say Allo! Google’s latest messaging app is here, and it's smarter than iMessage By Julian Chokkattu — September 20, 2016 9:01 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The AI we want isn’t entirely here yet with Google Assistant, but it’s getting awfully close. Allo, Google’s fancy new messaging app debuting its artificially-intelligent Assistant, is finally available for download for Android and iOS phones. Allo is one of six messaging apps from the search giant. It’s hard to understand why it wants to start over with messaging, yet again, when it has a plethora of ways for people to have a conversation, like Hangouts and Google Messenger. Still, the competition is heating up with iMessage on iOS 10, Facebook Messenger’s growing number of chat bots, and WhatsApp’s billion users. Google’s solution is focused around Assistant: AI that’s core to the company’s strategy for its upcoming products. We’ve played around with Allo for a few days, and while the app works flawlessly with zero hitches, there are a few glaring omissions (like third-party integrations) that leave us wondering why Google didn’t push the launch date to its October 4 event, where we’ll see the debut of the first smartphone “made by Google.” It’s rumored to be the date the company will also launch Google Home, an Amazon Echo-like device that offers voice access to Assistant in your house. With the official launch there is only one new feature that hasn’t been mentioned previously — SMS Relay. Before we dive into SMS Relay and Google Assistant, let’s dive into Allo, what it is, and what you can do using it. What is Allo? Allo is a messaging app, plain and simple. It’s akin to WhatsApp, in that you sign in with a phone number. Your Google account is synced afterward so that Assistant can be helpful not just on your mobile device, but on other services like the upcoming Google Home, and the rumored Pixel smartphones. “Allo is our second play in the consumer space that, just like Duo, [uses] your phone number as the identity, [and] your phone as the graph, which is obviously filled with people, friends, and family you’re most likely to connect with,” Amit Fulay, product manager for Allo, told Digital Trends. The primary focus for the team behind Allo and Duo’s was to nail the fundamentals — such as the speed, latency, and overall reliability. Machine learning was later added in to make Allo more useful and fresh. “Communications, and especially messaging, happens to be the prime use case for a mobile user,” Fulay said. “We believe messaging is still in some ways still in its infancy. Even though there are a lot of applications, a lot of competition, I think it’s just the beginning of all the iterations that can be done in messaging.” Allo’s main screen is minimal, featuring an all-white background that can be a little bright at night. There is a search function at the top that acts similarly to the one on Google Messenger, the SMS/MMS app. You can search for messages in your chats, except for messages sent and received in Incognito chats. A slide out bar gives you options to check your profile, blocked contacts, settings, get help or send feedback. When you first set it up, you’ll be asked to verify your phone number. Once that’s complete, you can add a profile picture and a name. You can start messaging people by tapping the floating action button at the bottom right. Here, you can either start a group chat (up to 256 people), a one-to-one chat, or an Incognito chat. Once Allo’s smart replies begin adapting to the way you talk, it feels efficient to use them. In regular chats, you can go to your friend’s profile to see all the images you have shared between each other. Tap the call button and you’ll be taken to a contacts screen, where you can choose how you want to call depending on what apps you have installed, such as Duo, Facebook messenger’s video call, WhatsApp call, and more. There is no native Duo integration. Unfortunately, in its current iteration, your messages are stored on one device only. If you try to install Allo on a new device, like a tablet, you will receive a verification text and will have to add a new profile picture. Your conversations will not sync. The phone you originally installed Allo on will also un-register your account, meaning you’ll have to set it up again. Thankfully, conversations will still be there. Incognito chats Incognito chats follow the same idea as Google Chrome’s Incognito Mode — it creates a new chat thread with the familiar spy icon in the background. All messages here are end-to-end encrypted, meaning Google, the FBI, or hackers, can’t read them. You can set messages to expire in five seconds, 30 seconds, a day, a week, or never. Notifications from Incognito chats do not show the content of the message. Unfortunately, you can’t call on the Google Assistant while in this mode or use any smart features, which is why the app isn’t end-to-end encrypted by default. Smart Reply One of the best features Allo has to offer is Smart Reply, which was originally introduced in Google’s Inbox by Gmail app. It reads incoming messages and pictures to offer contextual quick responses, so you don’t have to type. So for example, if a friend sends a picture of a dog, Smart Reply will offer up responses akin to “aww,” or “cute!” But the best part is how the app learns how you type the more you use it. As such, your Smart Reply options will start turning into phrases and sentences you typically say. You can respond to messages with smart replies directly from notifications, sometimes saving you the step of jumping into the app. It would have been neat to still be able to use Direct Reply, a feature introduced in Android 7.0 Nougat. That would let you directly respond to people within the notification with whatever you want, not just with smart replies. Fulay says an implementation is in the works. Once Allo’s smart replies begin adapting to the way you talk, it doesn’t feel “fake” using them. It’s efficient. They save an extra step of having to type the very words you were about to say anyway. Stickers, scribbles, and ‘Whisper or Shout’ Google commissioned several artists to create stickers exclusively for Allo — getting them installed on your app is similar to how stickers are offered via Facebook Messenger. The company says it’s exploring ideas on whether or not it should open stickers up to third parties with a sticker store. To access them, tap the plus sign in the text box. It’s hard to understand why Google wants to start over with messaging. Stickers and messages aren’t the only thing you can send. Once you press the “plus” sign, you’re able to send your location, as well as take and send photos and videos from the app You can also choose from content in your photo gallery. Once you choose a photo, you can add in your own touches thanks to a scribble feature. There’s the choice of a highlighter with various color options, and text. This is only available on Android, but it’s coming to iOS soon. If you want to emphasize or de-emphasize your messages, Google has added a playful “Whisper or Shout” function that lets you enlarge your words and emojis, or make them smaller. To do this, you have to press and hold the send button and slide it up or down. Next Page 1 of 2 Page 1 Page 2
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google launches Allo, bets on AI to spice up chats By Reuters Published: 09:20 EST, 21 September 2016 | Updated: 09:20 EST, 21 September 2016 e-mail Sept 21 (Reuters) - Google-parent Alphabet Inc launched Allo, a messaging app that incorporates Google's search feature and a chatbot that uses machine learning to "improve" itself over time. The new messaging service, which was unveiled in May, will compete with Facebook Inc's WhatsApp and Messenger. The much-anticipated launch comes a month after Google rolled out Duo, its video calling app. Allo features a chatbot powered by Google Assistant, a virtual personal assistant like Apple Inc's Siri. Users can call up the assistant in a chat by typing "@google" followed by a search query and the results will be displayed in the chat itself. (http://bit.ly/2dgDr6l) "The more you use it, the more it improves over time," Amit Fulay, group product manager, wrote in a blog post. The app has a "Smart Reply" feature that suggests responses to chats and can be send with just a tap. "If your friend sends you a photo of their pet, you might see Smart Reply suggestions like 'aww cute!'," Fulay wrote. Users can also use stickers and scribble on photos before sending them. Allo will have end-to-end encryption only while chatting in "Incognito" mode. Whatsapp chats have end-to-end encryption. Google has started rolling out Allo and said the app would be available worldwide in the next few days. (Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Kate Wright  displays her cleavage racy skintight bodysuit... as fans go wild for her stunning slimmer physique 'I didn't have my teenage years': Priscilla Presley admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as viewers marvel at her appearance at 71 Scarlett Moffatt displays her fuller figure in a bright pink busty bikini on holiday in Spain before her stunning three stone weight loss  Shout out to HER ex! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis is 'texting Luke Pasqualino after steamy snog at lingerie bash'... weeks after Perrie Edwards split Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! Doting father Dan Osborne is joined by son Teddy as they pose in matching shirts for new menswear campaign 'Do you know who I am?': Jess Woodley is the 'biggest Made In Chelsea diva' according to co-stars Sam Thompson and Stephanie Pratt 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Not selfie-assured Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f**king some model chick"' 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces his engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef Proudly showed off his engagement band on US TV 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video Police call off search for Charlie Sheen's children after being spotted at a car wash with mom Brooke Mueller hours after from turning up at a bar barefoot with them  'I will NEVER get back with her': Jeremy McConnell furiously denies a reconciliation with heavily pregnant ex Stephanie Davis after her health scare The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party 'Anything he can do, we can do better!' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon mounts shirtless Joe Swash's back as they recreate Larry Lamb's I'm A Celeb squat feat Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Not such a lady now... What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Looks better in her fifties than ever before EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  EXCLUSIVE 'She was a bully': Laura Whitmore 'bombarded Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice with abusive texts saying he was no good' amid fall-out  Ashley James flaunts her ample bust and envy-inducing abs in a scanty pink bikini as she soaks up the sun in Malta Making most of last day Nip/Tuck star Julian McMahon, 48, takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Looking back Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter He is frequently seen pedalling around the city Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed blow-dry in check but can barely contain her excitement as Andy storms to victory Charlotte Riley transforms into the Duchess of Cambridge complete with fine jewels and sweeping fringe as she films royal drama King Charles III Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott Kanye can go now... Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  It was all scripted after all  MackinGOSH! Millie wows in a skimpy emerald swimsuit as she shows off her perky bust and never-ending legs in another sultry snap from Mauritius David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing The couple which dresses together... Defiant Honey G looks in high spirits at X Factor rehearsals... as Piers Morgan labels controversial rapper 'grotesque and diabolical' We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Candid revelation   'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Ready for a cool down 'Christmas IS coming up!' Carol Vorderman bravely prepares to devour TURKEY TESTICLES in nauseating I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Trial 'I'm trying to be a good husband': Darren Day insists his love rat days are behind him as he embraces life as a devoted family man  Famed for his flings EXCLUSIVE 'I could look like a stuffed sausage': New mum Kristina Rihanoff admits she's worried about getting her post-baby body into skimpy outfits Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman, Kylie Minogue and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'When was the last time you had a good stick?' Carol Vorderman, 55, and Joel Dommett, 30, share a flirty innuendo about 'a sturdy shaft' What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Gritty new role EXCLUSIVE: She's been very naughty this year... Ola Jordan is red hot in festive lingerie as Jolly Old St. James urges lovers to use SEX TOYS this Christmas 'What's meant to be will always find a way...' Vicky Pattison plants kiss on hunky former flame... leading to reconciliation rumours after he jets to Oz 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself 'I have nightmares about it': Fiona Phillips grows tearful as she discusses her mother and father's fatal battle with Alzheimer's disease Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama - a web of murder, sex and lies TV at its best Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Have hit back Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York What a duo! Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Just like her mum Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event What a petal 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a £43 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess TOWIE's Chloe Sims upstages cousin Frankie Essex at her DVD launch as she displays eye-popping cleavage in a daringly low-cut gown Stealing the limelight 'People asked if I was pregnant again': Giovanna Fletcher says she was body-shamed FIVE MONTHS after birth... and urges others be less judgemental April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 'I'm still still pinching myself': Britain's first transgender newsreader India Willoughby set to make her debut as Loose Women panellist 'It saved my life': Corrie's Sally Dynevor admits cancer storyline helped her own diagnosis and reveals excitement at Helen Flanagan's return Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Now that's a red hot new look 'Go eat your broccoli!': Piers Morgan cheekily teases Joe Wicks fans after quipping to the fitness guru that he hates vegetables Never one to hold back Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman gag as they battle through stomach-churning I'm A Celeb Big Bush Bake Off trial 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Lottie Moss shows off her tanned and toned legs in a plunging pink playsuit as she makes early morning exit from London nightclub Legs be having you 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Certainly loving the LA lifestyle Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Red carpet romance Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  A bedroom far, far away 'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Looked lovely One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Best night ever? Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Style sensation That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies What would dad Alec say? The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    She's back! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Grown very close in recent months Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR... more than double her nearest rival  She still on top No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Sending the men mad Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Seeing red! Amy Adams and lookalike ginger Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite Red-dy to party  Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Power couples Fabulous at 47! Supermodel Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC Always in fashion Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Bright young thing Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made an entrance Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Out and about 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked amazing Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  Has been streaming since June Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Having a clear out Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Now that's one way to ruffle the arts crowd Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC Always a red carpet regular Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Telling you how to do it Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD 'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now Skype without a user account November 16, 2016 Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps You can now Skype without a user account November 16, 2016 Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Opera 40 is now available to the public, features a free unlimited VPN CanCon Podcast Ep. 34: Canadian Innovation Week Google Maps on Android now does a better job of guiding users Igor Bonifacic September 21, 2016 8:41am Google has just released a small but cool update to Maps that should help anyone that uses the app on Android better navigate unfamiliar locales. The company has replaced the tiny arrow previously found in Maps with a blue beam. Google suggests thinking of this blue beam as a kind of guiding flashlight. If the beam widens, it means your phone is having issues with its compass — according to Google, doing stuff as simple as passing a metal pole can cause a smartphone’s compass to get misaligned. Conversely, the narrower the beam, the more accurate it is. Thankfully, Google has also introduced an easy way for Maps users to recalibrate their smartphone’s compass. Once you’ve updated Maps, simply moving your smartphone in a figure eight, as shown in the nifty GIF below, will recalibrate your phone and get you back on the right track. Yeah, you’ll look silly for a bit, but at least you won’t be lost. The feature is currently only available on Android smartphones. SourceGoogle Rick Tremblay Great idea. As every1 knows if you get stop in most places in North America for having a phone in your hand the officer will belive you when you were resetting your map app. ‘No occifer, I am not pretending that my phone is an airplane.’ Unorthodox Compass readings are most important when you use walking navigation, so no – you don’t do it when you drive. larry9 besides, you could be turning, so it would be a bad calibration. Kary That would be more related to the GPS signal (and to some extent Wi-fi) than a compass signal, and Maps has always had the blue circle with the GPS location was uncertain. Also, most phones already have a way to calibrate the compass, but again that doesn’t have much to do with location. I’d go so far as to say I doubt Google ever said any such thing about Maps and calibrating the compass. Michael Wright I’ve had to calibrate the compass numerous times over the last couple years (specifically in the Google Maps app). The compass tells you which way you’re pointing, not where you are, and it seems you may be conflating the two. GPS is location, compass is orientation. Kary I think it’s the author that is confusing the two. You’re right the compass would show which way you are pointing (although Maps tends to use direction traveled as the main guide). But the blue circle is an uncertain location–it thinks you may be anywhere within that circle. Michael Wright The article isn’t discussing the blue circle or the uncertainty of location. It’s discussing the beam replacing the arrow, making it easier to see which direction the device thinks you are oriented to. Kary Oh, re-reading, you’re right, they were discussing the beam. I was confused by the image above because it also has the location uncertain circle and I didn’t even notice the beam. I just tried it on my phone, and without location uncertainty circle it is just a beam. Not sure I like the change, but we’ll see how it works when driving, specifically when just getting into the car. If you’re in an unfamiliar location it can sometimes be confusing which way to head. KiwiBri make sure to throw on some disco music before doing this.. KiwiBri arrow? My google maps has had a blue do for a while. (but without this compass indicator.) David Prince I just wish it would keep me on the highway instead of sending me through beat-up old back roads and side streets. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
