Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Why the iPhone 7 is still better than the Samsung Galaxy S8 Steve Kovach Apr. 19, 2017, 10:13 AM 35,029 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook at the iPhone 7 launch event.Steve Kovach/Business Insider The first reviews for Samsung's new Galaxy S8 were universally positive, and deservedly so. It really is a great phone. Excellent hardware. Beautiful design. Great camera, battery life, and overall performance. But even though the iPhone 7 looks and feels outdated in comparison, it has one key advantage that gives it an edge over the Galaxy S8: the iOS ecosystem. Just look at the reviews. While everyone praised Samsung's hardware and design, it's clear that Samsung misfired on the software side of things. Bixby, Samsung's homegrown digital assistant, is basically useless and fails in its attempt to mimic Google's Assistant. Plus, Samsung flubbed the Bixby debut and won't launch its voice controls until later this year. When that happens, Galaxy S8 owners will have two assistants living on their phone, competing for their attention. On top of that, Samsung made loads of unnecessary modifications to Android. There are duplicate Samsung-branded apps for everything from email to calendar, and none of them are better than the Google apps that ship with Android. Plus, Samsung has a horrible track record of keeping its phones up to date. Even the Galaxy S7, which is barely a year old, isn't running the latest version of Android on some carriers — and it has been about six months since Google released that version. Meanwhile, new Samsung-specific software features rarely make it to older phone models. If you buy a new Samsung phone, it remains relevant for about a year, until the next one comes out. Samsung made a lot of poor software choices in the Galaxy S8.Hollis Johnson Apple does a much better job at keeping iPhones up to date for several years. It pushes the same version with the same features to practically every iPhone still in use. It's that strength of the iOS ecosystem that keeps developers coming back and offering the latest and greatest apps and features on iOS first. It's true that Apple's lead in smartphones is thinning — Samsung's innovative hardware and design in the Galaxy S8 is all the proof you need of that. But it's iOS that gives Apple the advantage. This is why I think the Galaxy S8 — and likely the Note 8 that's expected to launch this fall — will struggle against Apple's next iPhone, which is said to adopt a lot of features from Samsung, like a larger, curved screen. Samsung will enjoy a nice glow for a few months after the launch of the Galaxy S8, but Apple is poised to widen its lead again in the fall. SEE ALSO: The full Samsung Galaxy S8 review NOW WATCH: REVIEW: Samsung’s Galaxy S8 is an incredible phone, but it’s far from perfect Loading video... More: samsung galaxy s8 Samsung Apple iPhone 7 iPhone 8 Galaxy S8 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why the iPhone 7 is still better than the Samsung Galaxy S8 Why the iPhone 7 is still better than the Samsung Galaxy S8 The first reviews for Samsung's new Galaxy S8... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
SME.sk Viac Správy Najnovšie Najčítanejšie Domov Regióny Ekonomika Svet Kultúra Šport Služby Inzeráty Naničmama NaPizzu Osobné financie Práca Reality Recenzie Reštaurácie Zoznámenie Počasie Blogy Zľavy Dovolenka 2017 Viac Prihlásený USERNAME Nastavenie Post.sk Odhlásenie Prihlásenie Váš e-mail: Vaše heslo: Zabudli ste heslo? |Registrovať For our websites to work correctly, it is necessary to have Javascript turned on. We use Cookies to improve our services. You can get more detailed info on their use and settings here. OK We have noticed that you have an ad blocking tool switched on. Revenues from Ads help our site to bring you more information about Slovakia. If you visit our website regularly, you can support us by adding us on the list of unblocked websites (whitelist). Thank you. ✖       Items in shopping cart: View Lost in Bratislava? Impossible with our City Guide! Spectator on facebook HOME News Opinion International Business PROPERTIES Culture & lifestyle Sport TRAVEL DIRECTORY FAQ: LIFE IN SK SHOP Search Menu Show all sections Trending Topics: Migration crisis European Union Ukraine Google's Artificial intelligence system translates Slovak more accurately The new feature uses neural networks to make better translations between Slovak and English. Illustrative stock photo(Source: AP/SITA) Font size:A-|A+0 Google translations of Slovak and English will be more accurate from April 19 and also closer to the natural, spoken language, the Sme daily wrote on the same day. The Google company launched an improvement to the Translate application, of its internet version, the Google browser, and with time, the function will also be included in the automatic translation in the Chrome browser. Users are expected to notice the change gradually. Huge change Slovak-English is one of the 16 new language couples which will be translated by Google Translate through so-called neural networks. This is a technology, based on artificial intelligence by which the machine can 'learn'. Neural networks can better understand the translated text, as they translate sentences as a whole and not as individual phrases. Subsequently, the improvement takes place especially with longer sentences and the developers promise that this method will remove 55 to 85 percent of mistakes in a translation. "About one half of the internet content is in English but a mere 20 percent of the global population can work with English," product manager of Google Translate, Barak Turovsky, explained for Sme.“Neural networks represent huge progress in the quality of translations. By launching them, we have improved more recently than in the past ten years taken together.“ When Google launched Translate ten years ago, it worked on the system of phrasal translations (PBMT) which splits a sentence into words and phrases and translates them individually. Later, this changed into a statistical system which compares the input data according to previously given grammar patterns.The translating function used, for example, data from official translations of the same documents into several languages. GNMT is a revolution The new generation of machine translations, the GNMT – Google Neural Machine Translation – which is now launched for Slovak, relies on an enormous number of data and their relations. However, the key role in the new system is played by neural networks, i.e. the computer programmes compiled from thousands to millions of artificial brain cells which enable them to learn in a similar way to a human brain. The neural networks do not learn individual langauges seperately but rather elaborate several languages at one time, preferably of a similar group (e.g. Romanic). The neural networks in the Google Translate function similarly. Still, machine translation has not achieved perfection yet and according to the expert developers of Google, "GNMT can still make fundamental mistakes that a human translator never would: it can omit words, wrongly translate proper names or non-traditional terms, or even translate isolated sentences instead of considering the context of a paragraph or a page”. 20. Apr 2017 at 6:24 Share on Facebook (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top stories B-Complex: Only extraterrestrials will save our politicians Video The bi-gender producer of electronic music talks about her music, political implications, current perceptions of her music, and of the wider social atmosphere. About 5,000 marched against corruption Photo The secondary school students wanted to point to no solutions to big cases; they call for the dismissal of several representatives responsible for solving the corruption scandals. Blog: Tuesday is better than Friday A foreigners' real experience at the foreigners’ police department in Bratislava. New political party will emerge in Slovakia Non-affiliated MPs Miroslav Beblavý and Jozef Mihál say the new party may emerge by the end of this year; they have not specified its name yet. 24 hours 3 days 7 days 1. About 5,000 marched against corruption Photo 2. After spring weather, Slovakia faces record cold and snow Photo 3. One-fourth of students to be lost to brain drain 4. Blog: Tuesday is better than Friday 5. Why big fish are not in jail 6. New political party will emerge in Slovakia 7. U.S. Steel may not lose its premises 8. Blog: Automotive sector in Slovakia: a blessing, which might (soon) turn to a curse 9. Internet of Things is mainly for firms for now 10. Problems for U.S. Steel Košice going into sale. A shell company is making a grab for its premises 1. Will you get a cold shower or a whipping this Easter? Video 2. About 5,000 marched against corruption Photo 3. After spring weather, Slovakia faces record cold and snow Photo 4. Problems for U.S. Steel Košice going into sale. A shell company is making a grab for its premises 5. Bratislava is less wealthy than statistics show 6. Internet of Things is mainly for firms for now 7. Thousands are expected to march against corruption 8. One-fourth of students to be lost to brain drain 9. Blog: Automotive sector in Slovakia: a blessing, which might (soon) turn to a curse 10. Blog: Find the last person 1. Bratislava is less wealthy than statistics show 2. Will you get a cold shower or a whipping this Easter? Video 3. Foreigners on Slovak Easter: Why do men have it so easy? 4. Blog: What I know about "the list" 5. Slovak low-cost airline wants to launch domestic flights 6. New SUV Audi Q8 to be produced only in Bratislava 7. Slovakia is vulnerable to Russian influence 8. Software company Eset wants a Silicon Valley in Bratislava Photo 9. About 5,000 marched against corruption Photo 10. Blog: Building new identities: communist-era landmarks of Bratislava Services and publications Properties Newspaper Slovakia - Travel guide eSpectator Online directory Book of Lists Career guide Investment guide Monitoring Latest issue ADVERTISEMENT Optical Transceiver PROFESSIONALS in Slovakia Quinceanera Dresses LAW FIRMS IN SLOVAKIA DHgate - a marketplace from China About us Contact us Ad rates For schools Links Regional newspaper Newsfeed RSS Newsletter Other webpages: Post.sk Új Szó Sme.sk Petit Academy SME v škole © Copyright 2015 The Rock, s.r.o.
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Thursday, Apr 20, 2017 | Last Update : 12:35 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, In Other News Google plans to launch ad-blocking feature in Chrome browser DECCAN CHRONICLE Published Apr 20, 2017, 10:34 am IST Updated Apr 20, 2017, 10:53 am IST Chrome now accounts for a large web-browsing globally, installing ad-blocker within it would mean more control to Google over ad-blocking  Google is considering two options for implementing the feature in its popular Chrome web-browser. Google is planning to introduce an ad-blocking filter in the mobile and desktop version of the Chrome browser, according to the Wall Street Journal. The feature would filter out "unacceptable" ads defined by the Coalition for the Better Ads, an industry group that realised a list of ad standards in March. The term "unacceptable" in the ad standards referred to pop-up ads, autoplay videos, and "prestitial" ads. Google is expected to announce the feature within weeks, but how, is still debatable. According to the reports, Google is considering two options for implementing the feature in its popular Chrome web-browser. One is to block all advertising that appears on the sites with offending ads, instead of individual offending ads. In this case, site owners may need to ensure all of their ads meet the set standards. However, this move will affect Google online revenue in vast. The other option is to simply block the offending ads in the question. The ad-blocking step may seem counter-intuitive given Google’s reliance on online advertising revenue, but the move is a defensive one, people familiar with the plans told the WSJ. Acknowledging the uptake of ad-blocking tool from third-party firms in the past by many, Google is interested in launching its own ad-blocking feature for the defeating the purpose.  Since the Chrome now accounts for a large web-browsing globally, installing ad-blocker within it would mean more control to Google over ad-blocking. Tags: google, ad-blocker, feature, chrome World Gallery Turkey referendum: Supporters of 'No' campaign protest against poll violations Tax Day Rallies: American demonstrators demand to know Trump's tax returns North Korea marks founder's birthday, rolls out missilies, other weaponary In pics: Survivors mark 72nd anniversary of Nazi Concentration Camp In pics: Italy marks Holy Week — a week just before Easter In pics: Israel Passover — biblically derived Jewish holiday ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Saif opens up about Akshay's Best Actor National Award win being criticized   Is your printer hack-proof?   Go Ahead and Stare! PeeCee kills it in new 'Baywatch' poster   Bose headphones spying on your personal data: lawsuit   Trump to call record-holder female astronaut in space   Shah Rukh and Sachin's endearing Twitter conversation will immensely inspire you ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Other News Microsoft introduces new alternative to passwords Bose headphones spying on your personal data: lawsuit FB gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Facebook CEO wants to augment your reality Alphabet's Verily unit launches study to track health data ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Weekend poll: Inbox or Gmail? David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/16 1:01pm PDTApr 16, 2017 72 Plus 1 on G+ 136 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares256 Applications Polls Google Inbox and Gmail have been competing for our hearts (and email) for some time now, and it doesn't seem like Google is slowing down development of either [great] app. Clearly, Gmail is for some, and Inbox for others - so which one are you? I'm personally keeping one foot in both doors right now. I use Inbox for 100% of my personal email on both mobile and desktop, and I have zero inclination to go back. I also use Inbox for work email here at Android Police when I'm on the go. But on the desktop, AP email goes through a fairly fastidiously managed tabbed Gmail layout, something I'm not sure I could function without. Inbox on the desktop with my AP email address would be a nightmare to sort through and manage, given I receive anywhere from 100 to 300 emails in a single day. So, how about you? Inbox? Gmail? Both? Neither? Vote in the poll and talk it out in the comments below. Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Tags Gmail inbox poll sidebar-poll weekend poll subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Moto C render] More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 Plus and ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Staples has the Lenovo ThinkPad Chromebook 11e for $140 ($210 off) Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Thanks to Ryne for the sweet hero image. Andrew Palmer GSuite account, so Gmail is my only option. David Ruddock Inbox works fine for Gsuite, it just has to be enabled by your admin. Andrew Palmer All typical Google services are set to 'On for everyone'. That said i just reinstalled the Inbox app, which I haven't tried to use since it lost its invite only status way back when, and indeed it works. Thanks. Wang Jun Lem Both. Inbox is extremely neat and is easy to handle especially on mobile, but filters are out, and the search function is horrible at determining what's relevant. I keep a tab open for each. Markus Birth I love the auto-detection of flights, restaurant bookings and other events of Inbox (Especially because I add those that are not detected automatically or where there's no mail via this tool I built so they also show up on Google Now.) and the auto-sorting into different folders. But I feel it's (web and app) getting slower and slower with every update. Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson Same here, I love the auto detection of flights, hotels and other event Geoff Johnson Gmail does this as well. Markus Birth The last time I checked, GMail didn't detect all the types Inbox did. Also GMail doesn't combine everything into "Trips", does it? StankyChikin Inbox allow you to mark read and archive yet? Raymond Hawkins It's always allowed you to archive. That's what "done" does. I don't think you can mark as read though. roberto.elena I'm pretty sure read/unread is considered a legacy feature by the Inbox team. Roderick Gadellaa Both. Because I need signatures for aliases i use for work (I basically never use my @gmail address) and Inbox still doesn't do that. On mobile I'm pretty much inbox-only though. roberto.elena That was my problem, too, but it's solved now. Well, it's not 100% automatic like in Gmail, but you can save each signature as a template and then insert them manually when you need them. I like this method better as I don't always need to include my signature in my work emails. What is weird is that templates will show as a draft emails in Gmail, but not in Inbox. https://support.google.com/inbox/answer/7107959?hl=en Dystopia USA gmail on my laptop/desktop. inbox on my android. aaron cooper I don't even remember what Gmail looks like.... Eric Karnes Inbox on mobile, Gmail on the desktop. darkvadur same demarcmj This. I don't use any of the fancy "features" of Inbox... I just like it because the interface is nicer. But for some reason on the desktop Inbox is slower than molasses. Like dial-up speed on a decades-old computer slow. So I use gmail on desktop. SpasilliumNexus On phone, Inbox for my main account, Gmail for others. Gmail for everything on desktop. Daniel Gherard I personally prefer Inbox. But, it's not like Gmail is bad. It's just a preference. For me, Inbox looks way better than Gmail and structures my emails in a neat way. sgtguthrie Unfortunately, I miss important emails with inbox, so I use Gmail. If it's not broke... M Gordon That's what happened to me Everytime I tried inbox so I only use Gmail. Has it been fixed yet? sgtguthrie It wasn't the last time I tried it, about 6 months ago. Dennis Bareis What needs fixing? It can be a bit confusing at times, you probably set up a bundle that shows up later. M Gordon No I didn't set anything, what I mean is I would only get notified about emails a couple hours after Gmail notified me. This happened with all my emails. darkvadur there is a problem with your phone OS, have you enabled a custom save battery feature or something? what ROM are you using Inbox is better than gmail to me MicroNix You summed it up yourself. It's a confusing app. It's also lags gmail in notifications. It just feels like one of those half baked Google apps. Kyle J Inbox is not supposed to send you notifications unless they are important. I got so many Gmail notifications I did not need. I use Inbox just for personal use though. I'm not sure how I would feel about using it for work since I have never used it that way. Dollar Flipper I have no idea what this means. New emails come in just like any other email app... catalysto Turn off the bundling. Notifications can be set for each bundle, so some emails are probably being added to bundles that have notifications turned off. Kevin Sword Adding on to this, add all bundles to the inbox. Check your spam folder 📂 frequently. Otherwise you might miss important mail ✉ that the AI thinks is unimportant. theProffer Same. I followed the repliers' suggestions as well, and I still have issues with Inbox's push notifications. It almost gives me the impression that it's polling and not pushing (I know it's not, but it's laggy as if that). If I could get these email notifications immediately, I'd probably switch, but I also love some of the more granular controls Gmail has (which maybe Inbox has duplicated over time, I haven't tried it in about 6'ish months). -Matoro Zeliph- Gmail...because I got used to the clunky nature from dealing with all the time from work. Alex Inbox snoozing/pinning is too good to not use most of the time. Occasionally I have to go to GMail for something. But 90% of the time it's Inbox. StarLightPL Gmail has hangout history and is sometimes more clear presenting new mails. Inbox has neater hangout integration but no history search (why?). I switch between both. Raymond Hawkins The only time I open Gmail instead of inbox anymore is to search chat history. Because for some dumb reason you can't do that from inbox. David Ruddock because RIP hangouts Tom Westrick Google would like to offer some Allo for that burn Brendabcox Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr81c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs81BuzzSoftware/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr81u:...... Brian Nice Word Play Pascal Welsch Creating filters is another reason why I have to open Gmail Raymond Hawkins I was forgetting that one. I do occasionally open Gmail for filters also. catalysto It makes sense that you can't do it from Inbox because the search function should be built directly into Hangouts. But for some dumb reason, Google, the king of search, never added that. /shruggie 😆😄 +1 for /shruggie The Tech Temple ¯_(ツ)_/¯ OhYeah! I think Google has also totally failed at search in the play store. I almost never get the app I want even in the first page of results when searching for the exact name. Martins Nkem Still using GMail until Google makes Inbox actually work catalysto Inbox works great. Martins Nkem It sucks at handling attachments catalysto I never run into that problem. Martins Nkem Where does it store the attachments you've viewed? Kevin Sword It doesn't? You have to manually download them. catalysto They remain in Inbox. Where else would they go? Martins Nkem What i meant was this.. In Gmail, attachments are usually saved in the downloads folder in local storage, where does Inbox save its own files catalysto They can be kept in Inbox, saved to Drive, or downloaded locally. Not sure what else you'd need. Martins Nkem Which folder is it downloaded to locally? catalysto Whichever one you want! You've never used the Save As dialog?! Martins Nkem On mobile? catalysto Ohhhhh, on mobile. Forgive me; I was thinking desktop. But yeah, on mobile, attachments go to the Downloads folder like other apps. Martins Nkem Not in my case, it redownloads the files every time catalysto Redownloads? As in downloads every time you tell it to download? That's normal. Timothy Vreeland No it doesn't. It has syncing issues with many devices. darkvadur fix your phone and it will work it's not google fault if your phone have problems. catalysto Never had that problem, and I use it on all my devices. Mbdo Inbox because of auto-categorized e-mails and no sponsored e-mails (like Gmail) Furthermore the web version of Gmail is really old (Google Agenda too) Timothy Vreeland What is a sponsored email? Been using Gmail since it was invitation only, and never saw one. Mbdo In Gmail, on the categories (like "social" for example) I have some "ad" emails just like Google AdWords on the Web... It's not the case for Inbox. Check this screenshot : https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ca9d6f5a0599814fa001c5add402543e0ab9e13c245dcd6e5177bb5026c9708b.png Christopher Bement I flip flop every few months. Gmail has some great feature that haven't made it to Inbox yet, like inserting Gifs with Gboard. But the snoozing is sooooooo useful. someone755 The GMail app is a mess on Android. It's big, it's clunky, and it's barely optimized. Inbox looks sleek and conveniently sorts things into categories that a mobile user would appreciate. On the desktop however, Inbox is unusable. You quickly realize that automatically sorting your emails won't get you anywhere, and that the design takes a step back in terms of functionality as compared to Gmail. Tyler Walles Gmail, classic, catergories disabled, because I will sort it myself, and dont judge me when I say my inbox has more then 5000 emails El Presidente I don't really want or need an email app that tries to be anything more than an email app so Gmail works fine for me. I've tried to use Inbox tonnes of times and never used it for more than a day. roberto.elena If you literally never used it more than a day, then you probably never used the snooze feature, which is one of Inbox more important advantages compared to Gmail. El Presidente I suppose it depends on what you want from email. All I want to do with emails is read and respond to them. If I have one that I don't want to respond when I read it, I'll just leave it in my inbox and respond when it suits. Snooze isn't something I'd ever need. Inbox, in my opinion, just over complicates things. roberto.elena I think it mostly depends on what volume of important emails you get. Sure, if you only have one email now and then that you want to reply later, you don't need Inbox, but if you need to have many of those in your Gmail inbox, it gets rapidly crowded. And there are many times, at least in my case that I know exactly when I want to deal with a message, instead of a generic "later". For example, on friday I snooze ALL my unarchived work emails until monday morning. I certainly don't need/want to see those emails during the weekend on my inbox. For the rest I decide on a case by case basis. Fruity101079 It's strange to understand. On friday, just leave your unread emails where there are. There will be there on Monday when you will come back to your office... roberto.elena I manage several email addresses within a single Gmail account, including my work email. Fruity101079 Why mix work and personal emails if you don't want to check them on the weekend? Didn't your employer give you a phone? roberto.elena I don't receive work emails on the weekends, so it's not that I don't want to check new work emails on the weekends, it's that I don't need to see the pending emails in my inbox while I definitely don't need them until monday. And yes, I prefer to mix personal and work emails in the same app (I use filters and labels I already created in Gmail, not just the automatic categories of Inbox, and they work with Inbox just fine too). The work email weekend situation is just one example of why I love snoozing, but there are many interesting uses. You buy something on ebay from Hong Kong and it's expected to arrive in 10-15 days. Well no need to have that in you inbox 10 days, you just snooze it. Somebody tells you they are going to contact you back in 3 days time, Well, 3 days later, that email reappears in your inbox to remind you that, in case they didn't. Etc. If you don't have a too many of those emails cluttering your inbox, then it's understandable you don't see the need for snoozing, but for many of us Inbox is the best that has happened to email since Gmail was launched. The same way that Gmail turned emails into conversations (and of course also offered 1GB instead Hotmail's 15-25 MB), changing email for many of us forever, Inbox has turned emails into tasks, with its done/pinned/snoozed paradigm. Fruity101079 Sure sure, it's a nice thing to have to choice. I understand the kind of use you can make with inbox now you explained it. It's just I'm not concerned. akshay7394 You sure asked a lot of questions considering you aren't concerned 😂 Geoff Johnson That seems overly complicated. Why not have a work email and a personal email? Why have them both go to the same inbox? That way you can just ignore anything coming to your personal email without it cluttering your personal inbox. roberto.elena Because I still want to check my personal email while I'm at work, my private life doesn't stop simply because I'm at work, and I don't get many work related emails outside of working hours, so they don't bother me in my free time, and even when I do get some, it's so easy and fast to snooze them, so it is much better for me to have everything in one place. In my case it's​ more complicated having two inboxes instead of one. catalysto I feel the opposite. Inbox simplifies things for me because it keeps only the emails I need to pay attention to at any given time and hides the rest. It's done wonders for my workflow. Thisismyusername1982 Thats what the archive button is for. catalysto Archive is not snooze. Archived messages do not reappear at a predetermined time or location. The snooze feature is the magic that makes it so useful for me. Archive does not do this. Fruity101079 If you don't need to pay attention to some emails (spam?), why not just delete them? catalysto Because I often want to come back to them later. For example, an email to pay a bill, but I don't want to do it at work. If I want to snooze that action until I get home, I can do that. And that's the core difference with Inbox: emails aren't just messages; they are to-dos. For someone who likes to use the zero-inbox, GTD flow, it's amazing. But of course, that's personal preference, and I get that lots of people don't use email that way. Geoff Johnson That's exactly what I don't like about it. Then those emails get lost and forgotten about. If it's spam, just delete/block it. Kevin Sword That's what you use the snooze feature for. It'll send you another notification when you actually need to get something done. catalysto But I'm not talking about spam. I'm talking about messages I want to deal with at a later time. I never see spam in my inbox. And the snoozed messages don't get "lost and forgotten". Snoozed emails reappear at a predetermined time or place. Kevin Sword Yeah, I always have a completely clear inbox which is pretty incredible. I can snooze stuff that doesn't need to be dealt with. catalysto Yeah, I love seeing that sun shining background when I'm done with my tasks. =) tekfr33kn Choices... Michael Hazell If I have one that I don't want to respond when I read it, I'll just leave it in my inbox and respond when it suits. I pretty much do that, or just flag the email for follow-up. I guess I'm too much of an Outlook user. m-p{3} I switched to Inbox as soon as I could at work (I'm not the Google Apps Admin). The snooze feature is wonderful, and I can use my emails as a ToDo list as I go. Dollar Flipper The only people I've seen with this issue didn't clean up their inbox at the start. You need to snooze/mark everything in your email as done and then work from there. El Presidente Both my inboxes are pretty "clean" (at the moment, there's one unread mail in each) and I get circa 15-20 emails a day in each. Snoozing an email is as good as leaving it in your inbox, so you can see it every time you access your account works for me. Snoozed mails would just mean I'd keep snoozing them and never respond. I've a pretty good labelling/filter system, inbox just complicates that. I get inbox works for some people, just not for me. HSidhu with Gmail you don't get reminder and 'save it later' (saved) tab, I wish they put that in the gmail. catalysto Snoozed messages notify you when they reappear. It works more as a GTD to-do list than just a simple list of emails. For a lot of people, that works better. m-p{3} Yeah, at some point I figured that I couldn't possibly sort through it all, so I had to make the call to mark everything "done" and keep my mailbox clean from that moment. So far, my goal is to reach that beautiful sun at the end of the day. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/414cadbe40ffe9b274cc1af9f92d36e8753dc782ac466fc16e1de0959c6fb364.png Marvin R. I totally agree. Inbox is only good for the 0 inbox approach people (where every mail is a kind of little task for them) which is for me a goal I don't want to achieve because I want to see as much mails as possible to browse through them. The big fonts/spacing in inbox + making unrelevant mails bigger (like mails of purchases) is not working for me. Tried so often. Never worked out. My chaos system + some filters and *colorful* labels works better than AI assisted ones (for me). roberto.elena You can use the same labels and filters in Inbox, they work exactly like the automatic Inbox bundles. Marvin R. yes I know. But actually I'm loosing how many are unread in the labels and (which is worse for me) I loose the colors of labels :( roberto.elena Well, if the label colors are important to you, then I agree it sucks. I used to have a lot of filters/labels in Gmail, but now using Inbox I found I don't need most of them, so the automatic Inbox categories plus a couple a my own labels work for me. At first I also felt some "read/unread anxiety", when I started using Inbox, but then I realized it wasn't an issue anymore. With Inbox my inbox is as clean as possible, so I can clearly see what's unread and what's read there. If something is not in my inbox, then it means I already decided whether it's "done" or "snoozed", so I don't really care about read/unread. Maybe you have filters that send emails to a label skipping the inbox and that's why you need the unread count, but I think the bundling in Inbox is a good alternative for that. Of course all of this is MY opinion, related to MY needs. Your mileage may vary. It's not the first poll of this kind that i see, and Inbox adoption is clearly improving over time. I don't remember any spectacular changes in Inbox lately, so I think one of the reasons is that people are slowly understanding how to better use Inbox, and that's why I replied to several comments here, to explain things they might not realize. Of course, there will be always people that don't use Inbox despite fully understanding its features. You might be one of them... or not. kajover inbox.. i just switch back to gmail for the settings DKS No poll selection to accurately record my response -- Gmail for personal, Boxer for work. Boxer was part of Cynanogen OS when I had my OPO and I just stuck with it when I set up my Pixel. It works fine for my work needs. Maybe I just don't realize what I'm missing with Inbox, though. Metallinatus Good thing that you work with your boxers on. mcdonsco Gmail, that I don't use much. My main email is exchange and while it technically works in Gmail, it's not robust enough for my needs so I use Nine. Metallinatus Gmail on desktop have been dead for years, this is not 2010 anymore, I use Inbox because of the much more modern interface. But I still need to use Gmail to search for something in those old Hangouts conversations that are kept there, don't know why Inbox couldn't just be able to do that too.... obarthelemy I have several non-gmail email addresses, and I'm trying to keep things standard, so I'm sticking with AOSP mail, which is pure IMAP with no lock-in special features. M6 You can use gmail for non-gmail addresses, and you can use AOSP mail or other IMAP clients with gmail addresses (you can export all your gmail emails as well). There is no lock-in whatsoever... obarthelemy Yes there is. Tags, rules, filters, snooze.... are nonstandard, so if you start to depend on them on them you can no longer move away. Lock-in is not just about the raw data, it's also about the process you build around features. aRvInD I am impressed with mymail's almost instant push notification. So I'm using. If Inbox supports IMAP like Gmail, it'd be awesome..! Miku is Best Vocaloid Inbox is sexier and more useful to me. My1 it's not like you can go childmaking with an app anyway, so why use that as reasoning? lzdking Sexy is a common adjective to describe the aesthetics of inanimate objects (cars, boats, buildings etc...), not sure why you are taking exception to its use. My1 I thought maybe it was obvious, or just forgot the (/s), well Poe's Law strikes again ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Technically you have to have both with Inbox. Love the look of Inbox but don't like how the attachment size is limited on Inbox Michael Sørensen How and why do you get 100 to 300 emails in a single day!? Seriously. I use Outlook with one personal account and 2 work accounts. Every type of auto-categorizing and sorting turned off. Dennis Bareis "Filters" and search in Inbox are hopeless, but it has Snooze and it "decodes" travel and other emails. IUf GMAIL did that I'd go back in a sec. Tom Westrick Gmail, since it does what I need it to. Haven't felt a reason to switch away Wayren Inbox 100% of the time. I had no idea how perfect this product was for me until I started using it for my personal email. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Samsung Email all the way! iluvthesoftsoft inbox for personal use, gmail for work Fotis Nakos Whenever Inbox offers Labels and Sublabels, I'll consider. Until then, Gmail and yes, I cannot work differently. mickey4mice Inbox for me, but it's impossible to delete a single email from a threaded conversation without making a total mess. If I forward an email to myself, I still go to Gmail to delete the forwarded version without fearing I might delete the original. Andy McDearmon I use Inbox on any Android device, and Gmail on my PC. Nate Inbox all the way but they need to add print functionality to it.. Dollar Flipper Inbox has revolutionized my personal e-mail usage. Turning e-mails into reminders has made such a big difference. If I could get desktop Outlook to work like Inbox, my work email would be even better. Outlook app for the phone added this but it isn't all seamless yet. NooSH Inbox all day. Andrew Last time I tried Inbox, I couldn't add an Exchange account so it's useless to me. I'm not going to go back and forth using multiple email clients. Gmail does it all and it does it well. Harold JP Castro Gmail because when you have filters set up it behaves pretty much like Inbox (except for snoozing) Margaritas Ante Porcos Inbox is like Google+. Few people say they love it but you never meet nobody who uses them in reality. Also, I think some people like to test new things, awaiting for them to become a trend, so they could be that crowd that's always on top. I mean, Inbox is not a phenomenon Gmail once was. It is just a gimmick for few geeks. Bob Allen I guess I don't get enough e-mail to use anything but Gmail.. Work e-mail is a completely different system. That said, Inbox did seem like a good way to organize multiple accounts when I tried it. Erik Inbox most of the time, Gmail for searching and dealing with labels. Branko Paid email hosting + own domain. That's how you actually own your emails. Mike K? Not sure what you're getting at, I doubt most people here care. Kevin Sword Not until you're running your own server you're not! /s but seriously. Henrique Persechini I've realized once I've started using Inbox that all my carefully organized labels never actually helped me in any way except keeping my organization anxiety occupied. Once I was set free, I went with a zero label email and have been loving it ever since Hector Diaz Inbox just missing the option to print to be perfect Colin Rowlands The ideal for me would be Gmail with snooze, that was the main thing I liked about Inbox, but it wasn't enough to keep me using it. Trooper311 Gmail ftw. M. Luciano Inbox all day long. CasperTFG I miss Mailbox. Gone from Blue Mail, Aqua Mail to Newton. Now on MailDroid and MailCal. Anything other than Inbox and Gmail. Rob H. Neither. I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.easilydo.mail Gmail app has been terrible. surethom Gmail. All the way just wish you could turn off conversion view it just does not work. Jon Fridman While I enjoy many features of Gmail, Inbox has reminders, and pinned emails. Nothing beats the Inbox experiences for what I need. There are some shortcomings for both on desktop and mobile. Andy I prefer the simplicity of Gmail, I just wish Gmail had the nicer animations and material design of Inbox, and pulled in sender images like Inbox does (like an Amazon email having the Amazon logo instead of a big circle with an A in it). Joseph Hurtsellers I've used Inbox since it came out. I recently switched back to gmail. The reason is I kept having tons of laggy time out issues on my chromebook. (I tried multiple solutions including a power wash). But what I've also noticed attaching files; copying items and pasting ect. is MUCH easier for me on Gmail. Just IMHO. waloody88 Gmail looks professional and is functional for me. Didn't like inbox. It felt like an app designed for childern Jared Gauthier The only time I use Gmail is to search in Trash. You can't do that in Inbox. Once and awhile I'll delete an email thinking I won't need it anymore and then end up needing it. Mike Dawson "Once in a while". Sorry, I'm not usually the grammar police. Jared Gauthier Haha thanks. Edited. I'm usually conscious of that stuff. Mike Dawson I hate myself for posting that! Jared Gauthier I forgive you. axnjackson11 If you want to search in Trash in Inbox, this is what you need to type: in:trash whatever you're looking for. Once you put in:trash at the front, it'll properly show whatever you're looking for just in the Trash. Jared Gauthier I'll try that! Adonis K. Inbox all the way, handling 100s of emails per day without it is simply crazy. Tomáš Petrík I just can't look at my emails as tasks, they are, well, emails. I tried to use Inbox, but I noped out back to Gmail. Karl Mathias Moberg I use both. I use inbox for my personal email on my phone, but on the desktop I use the web gmail app. For my work email I use the Gmail app. Find it easier to sort this way, and since I don't have the same categories for my work email I prefer the basic app. getinet Gmail on desktop. Inbox on mobile. Nick Cannon Only a matter of time before Google Kills inbox HSidhu could be... lol Abraham When inbox came out I tried it and found there was no mark as read option. DOA for me at least. Who knows if they have it now, never bothered to try it again. Willie Chalmers III That's sort of one of Inbox's big selling features. There's certainly a mark as read button along with email snoozing. Leonardo Baez Gmail. Vever tried inbox. I see no sense TechGuy22 Gmail either way Google wins. Tobias A. G. Gmail is just awful. I wish I could uninstall it. BC I much prefer Inbox by Gmail...It's less clunky for me and makes dealing with my emails easier. Inbox tends to sort my emails smartly so I never have to futz with sorting emails, as Inbox does it fairly well. When I do make changes those changes are always respected by Inbox by Gmail. It's much more refreshing than plain Gmail, at least from my perspective. Aaron T Inbox on mobile but Gmail on desktop. Inbox website is way slower and clunky outside of the mobile app. makapav I also use GMail for more powerful search with the drop-down boxes for email. InBox needs to still catch-up with GMail in lots of functionality that I think is fringe but very valuable. dblock Tried to use Inbox once when it first came out, however it seemed to over complicate email. I also don't really use email for much at all outside of work, which I have access to Outlook for while at work. Otherwise all my emails are just promotions and payment receipts/shipping updates. I just stick with Gmail. C64 The stock mail app from Samsung on my S7 edge Vivek Rameses That's surprisingly a really good client. Max Johnson AOSP Email. Adrianus AJ Nadeak Inbox because it makes using email bearable. Scott Harris I use a desktop mail app for my work and personal email, so using Inbox is a waste of time for me Scott Harris On mobile I use gmail since I can access my work email within the gmail app. Paul Quinn Gmail. Mostly because my email habits are so hardwired at this point from using Exchange at work. I haven't gone back and tried Inbox in a while. It does have a learning curve and you have to commit to it for a period of time to give it a fair shake. Iamsecond I'm not particularly a fan of either interface, but Gmail wins for me because I just want to organise my own email how I want it, without an algorithm deciding for me! Justin Osborne If I need to find an email, I use Gmail. Inbox search is TERRIBLE. I use Inbox for everything else though. ekngee Inbox for personal, Gmail for work (because my workplace is still too stubborn to learn new things. some even cannot stop using Outlook even though our emails go thru Gmail servers) Timothy Vreeland Inbox is prettier, so I have tried to use it, but it seems pointless. Lacks features I use, but it's main feature of auto sorting always messes something up and overcomplicates email. 99% of the time, an email is important and I'll open it, or it's spam and I'll mark it as so. No point in having a big messy system to auto manage 1% of my mail. Adrien Baron You can configure everything if you want too, create your own bundles (which are actually just GMail tags under the hood), and choose wether you want them to appear bundled or not, and be notified or not. I almost had nothing to configure for my personal, but did it for my work address (we are using Inbox), and it works great. Deeco Wow, I'm surprised by the poll. Honestly, I find Inbox confusing as hell! whispy_snippet It's like a lot of things in that you just need to get used to it. Once you do it's awesome. Marty If it weren't for the fact you can't have multiple accounts in Inbox, I'd give it a go. But I doubt it would be as good as Outlook since Gmail can't do a defaulted combined inbox. lzdking I'm surprised that I haven't seen more people mention using Outlook. While I don't use it myself (Inbox for me), Outlook is a very impressive Android e-mail client and the desktop interface isn't too shabby either. Marty It amazes me that Microsoft isn't capitalizing on Google's laziness. Not only is Microsoft's email better than anything Google has, but Google Search isn't anything like it used to be 5 to 8 years ago. Microsoft could step in and displace Google Search with their own search engine. Geoff Johnson That's what I don't get, there shouldn't be a need to "get used to it". Email is simple, it comes in you read/reply to it when you have time. If you don't want to now, simply ignore it and come back to it when you do. m-p{3} The thing is that keeping too many email "in sight" makes me unconsciously reread the titles everytime I go check my mailbox. If I can't reply to it right now (because of lack of info, progress) I can snooze it and keep it out of sight and focus on what's important right now. lzdking I don't get the "getting used to it" either. For me, I used inbox and was instantly amazed by how much more useful and organized it was. There was nothing to get, all my e-mails were automatically bundled into the categories I needed. darkvadur seems like your brain can't handle new things, how old are u? darkvadur inbox on my phone mostly because the actions buttons on notifications are more useful than gmails ones Bewear AOSP mail. #MasterRace (?) Marty Neither. I use Outlook. Best there is. Ryan N Yup. I also like Alto. Gmail is awful. Never used Inbox because of no multi email support. Joshua Talley Inbox is nice on mobile, but is horribly slow on the desktop. Gmail is reliable on both. I can effectively ignore huge swaths of mail using inbox very quickly, but I can actually mark them as read/unread in Gmail. It's a toss-up. Vivek Rameses Neither. Both are crap. K9 mail is hands down the best email client. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner Does ProtonMail work with K9? Vivek Rameses Paid accounts. HSidhu Inbox for mobile and gmail for desktop. lomsha Doesn't inbox only work with Gmail accounts? CD RW it works with other account if you "Gmailfy" them before https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825 lomsha Aaah thank you. usnmustanger Your poll choices are inadequate. What about "Inbox & 3rd Party Client"? I use both Inbox and BlueMail, which has some major advantages over the Gmail app, such as snoozing messages, threaded viewing, etc.). With so many great 3rd party email apps out there, you ought to try to avoid sounding too fanboyish by taking such an "all-google-or-nothing" approach in your polls. Latheryin I don't bother with either. Inbox is just not versatile enough and Gmail is just too slow. Blue mail does. Everything needed and does it Pretty well. Ross I have to use Gmail, when I use Inbox my reminders don't always sync between inbox and the Google app, resulting in missed reminders. I rely on reminders too much. Otherwise I loved Inbox. Rook HD inbox is sleeker but it has a fatal flaw to me. it doesn't display the specific time of the received emails and for some reasons I can't stand that Scros97 You have to open the email you want to see the specific time and then click on the name of the other person. Doing so it displays more details like the date ;) Matt Blackberry Hub, which I guess kind of uses Gmail. Tristian Hill Always Inbox, except when my OCD kicks in and I've gotta "mark all conversations as read" and I'm too lazy to do it one by one on Inbox Scros97 I do the very same usage of Gmail 😂 Sudhir Khanger How does Inbox work with email that are notifications, mailing lists, bills, newsletters, etc.? These are not important and I would like to browse them at a later stage. I don't want to worry about them and I filter them in Gmail and look at them when needed every couple of days. CD RW they are automatically sorted in categories : notifications, travel, , social network ,financial,forums and deals And for each of these categories, you can choose how they appear on your Inbox : as soon as they arrive, once a day, once a week You can also create your own categories just like in gmail with labels HD If I could add my non-gmail address into Inbox, I would've happily voted for Inbox. Brendabcox Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr82c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs82AmericaSoftware/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr82u:..... P. Sherman Does Inbox support Yahoo or Live accounts? No? Even after a FULL YEAR since I last used it? Back to Gmail, then. CD RW Inbox support them if you "Gmailify" them : https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825 Eleo Outlook all the way! Gmail app is not as user-friendly as outlook and inbox knows too much about me. I dont like that Jan-Lk Else Phone: Inbox, PC/Web: Gmail. Best combination! Captain_Invisible I'm shocked! I can't believe there are still people using the Gmail app, when the glorious Inbox exists. I could never go back. Marty Lol...most people probably have multiple email accounts. Can't have multiple account in Inbox. 😉 Kristian Ivanov Quite surprising that both options have a 43% score at the time I'm writting this comment O_o For me it's Gmail...I just don't need any of the Inbox features so no point in using it...I do see reasons why others like it though. AQ apps? neither, gmail through k9 mail. Martin B. I never saw poll this close here. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0edf28e3e42c8d0ad2c36a79e66f5cd9b16a678152108035c59111ee155ec76c.jpg Fruity101079 Inbox GUI is better, Gmail looks old, but I don't understand all those things in Inbox. There are tabs/categories (i don't need) everywhere. Some emails are not displayed in the main box. And there is no notifications or visual thing that tell me there is something new in this categories. There are no folders anymore. So all your emails from the creation of your account are all displayed in your main box (!?). A lot of persons are talking of Snooze option, but I don't get its utility (it's the same on my alarm clock, when it rings in the morning, i wake up. Done. Why using a ring to wake you up just enough to push the snooze button that will ring again 1 minute later? It's incomprehensible...). And one more thing: not talking about work (at work we are using the mailbox the society want you to use, if you got them on your personal phone it's a particular case), but seriously, what kind of life do you have to get so many emails each day that you don't have time to answer? How important could they be that you need to snooze them? If there are so important just reply! If there are so important, you won't forget! And it's not like emails are going to disappear as soon as you read them. They still will be there, in your mail box. There is no trap. ninjustin I snooze things all the time that come in during the work day I need to handle when I get home or on the weekends. It's also handy in keeping track of when I need to pay my bills. Fruity101079 Clearly, we don't use it the same way. I never have to pay bills through an email. And i get 1 or 2 emails maximum per day. And there are not important. I don't need to snooze anything, i remember what i got. Nicholas Nezis If only Inbox supported a proper signature block, then I would switch over to Inbox 100%. Steve Crane The only time I open Inbox is when I want to clear my Gmail inbox by deferring (snoozing) mails I want to read in the evening or on the weekend. If snoozing was built into Gmail I would have no need for Inbox at all. Kostas 💪🎩 If inbox had a "mark as read and archive" function instead of just archive, I would change in a heartbeat ShahinTr Never got used to Inbox, especially that chat-esque conversation. Gave it so many chances, but I prefer the conventional email application. Also, Gmail has taken a few features from Inbox that have integrated well with it. BanksKillian tie Michel Sa Inbox is my to-do list, and that's all what i need from an email app. CD RW inbox can't leave inbox due to snooze by location (genious idea) and by time Fresh360 Inbox is a great app I love it, I don't know how I functioned on mobile without it but goodness gracious is it disastrous on the desktop so wide, so bright, so cumbersome. So I strictly use Gmail on the desktop, it's weird but the two email program route works the best. Justin Martin Why don't they just put the hangout's functionality in Gmail so you can set it up either way. Again Google putting out multiple apps just like the whole messaging thing. sloheim I've grown to appreciate Inbox (other than the painful slowness of the web version, it is BRUTAL). I just wish it worked with non-gmail accounts. If I could hook up my Office365 account, it would be ideal. CD RW you can you just need to gmailify your account : https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en then inbox will support this account Georg Eitler AOSP Mail. PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan Neither Chad Knasinski Gmail on the web because it is much faster than Inbox. Inbox for the app for the same reason. Rob Paek Wow, dead even at 43% for Gmail and Inbox! RomiresT Inbox desktop version is killing me. It hangs, lags and dissapoint me in last few month. So, I just switch back to Gmail. kjohnson04 Never could get into using Inbox. Count me in the Gmail camp. Suyash Bansal Inbox on PC and Gmail on phone. grebulon Hop email messanger (https://gethop.com/) is what inbox is unsuccessfully trying to do. SHunter I need Inbox to support Send Money / Request Money just like Gmail does.... kalehv I only use Gmail to reply/forward a specific message in the conversation (thread) Inbox doesn't do that. For Inbox, it's all or none. Garett You can do that now in Inbox :) kalehv haha, apparently yes, that works. Scott Breitbach Inbox, except when I need to search for something specific. rctx81 My main issue with Inbox is that, for the most part of the time, it doesnt seem to obey my previous Gmail filters and labels. I like its snooze/archive functions, but then I ended up using Spark on my MbPro/iPad, fell in love with it and now I cant wait for its Android version. Nowadays I barely touch Inbox on mobile and I try to process as much email as possible from my Mac and iPad. jamez243 Still can't print from within the inbox app... how has this not been fixed anymore? 1966CAH On the desktop- GMail. On my phone- Inbox. David I use both since I need to use gmail to access my college email account. But besides that, Inbox is life ipsofact Inbox all day ! saf1927 I didn't expect that many people preferring Inbox to Gmail. I remember I've only used it for a couple of months only because Gmail didn't have material design yet. Daniel Rodríguez Ycaza Gmail for laptop/desktop and Inbox for cellphone/tablet works for me! Hurricane Andrew I've been using Inbox since it was invite only. It's changed the way I use email, allowing me to keep a nice clean inbox, quickly triage messages, and avoid the feeling of being overwhelmed by the volume of messages that I get on a daily basis. Jim I've tried Inbox... it's just too much work for me. Gmail works just fine for my needs which is reading regular emails, most of which are sales/marketing and other "subscription" emails. I don't get a lot of personal emails so all that compartmentalizing just got to be way too much to handle. b_boogey_xl After multiple start and fails, I finally realized how to use Inbox and once I discovered that, I haven't looked back. When I use regular email, all I think to myself is how much better the experience would be if I could filter it through Inbox. Ygor Cortes The problem with Inbox is that it only supports Google emails, so Gmail is the way to go for me. Ygor Cortes Inbox's website is miles better than Gmail's though. No competition there. Pedro Diego Fernández I get an email, I read/answer/delete it... done... don't want any "smart" sorting or e-learning algorithm...I don't even use the tabs in gmail that sort email into ads, social media and work... I'll handle my stuff myself... to me the only thing gmails need is an option to schedule an answer, because sometimes I'll sit at night an write the answers and keep them as drafts ti send them in the morning in business hours TheManuz I would use Gmail BUT... Inbox has snooze and that's the only reason I use it. Bruce Wayne What's snooze? keithzg That feature that doesn't work half the time :( CD RW always works 100% of the time for me weird keithzg For me it goes in phases. Unfortunately that means I can never really rely on it. To be clear, snoozing to a time actually always works, but snoozing to a place is infuriatingly broken. TheManuz I don't know if it's the correct name, since I use Inbox in italian. Anyway here's an example: when you receive an email and you think "I don't need it right now, this thing has to be dealt with on friday" and then you click "snooze" and postpone that email on friday, 9:30 AM. The email is gone, and it will come back on friday at the time you chose. Bruce Wayne Ohhh. Nifty feature. CD RW even better you can snooze by location. received a work email when you're at home ? snooze it by location to office. As soon as you arrive at office the mail will come back Maxixou I love Inbox but i use Gmail because Inbox accept only @gmail.com adress ... AlRegals Inbox for work email, Gmail for personal. Bruce Wayne Gmail. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 129 queries | 0.855s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 36 Plus 1 on G+ 81 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares171 Google News Rumors Advertising is very much a balancing act for websites these days. You want to make enough money from an ad-supported site to cover costs, but you don't want to annoy users to the point they block all your ads. Some websites don't seem to care how much they annoy you, though. Google is reportedly getting ready to take a stand against the worst ads on the web with a built in ad-blocker for Chrome. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google's ad-blocking feature could be turned on by default in the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. It would filter out only the ads Google deems unacceptable. That would cover things like pop-ups, auto-playing video ads, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers. Google may even build the feature such that it blocks all the ads on a site that serves one of these unacceptable ads. That would nudge website operators to get all their ads in order—after all, Chrome is a huge chunk of usage. Google has not commented on the Wall Street Journal's story, probably because it's still trying to figure out how to pitch the ad blocker (if it's real). This could be seen as an attempt to coerce website operators to only run Google's AdSense ads, which are guaranteed not to run afoul of Google's blocking policies. It's a risky direction for an advertising powerhouse like Google to go, but it might not see a better way to deal with the prevalence of ad-blocking. Source: WSJ Tags ad blocking ads chrome Google rumors subscribe ... Previous Story Google PhotoScan 1.4 makes glare removal optional, adds photo sharing ... Next Story HTC will announce its flagship 'U' on May 16th, complete with squeezable frame Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments ZettabyteGamer I hate the WSJ, but this is somewhat exciting news. AbbyZFresh What did WSJ do to you? Nathan J What did they do for you? The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which runs the propaganda arm of the Republican party in the US, better known as Fox News. Murdoch's interference in politics and opposition to freedom isn't limited to the US. I don't recall the details, but the EU or UK was about to kick him out for starting trouble over there a year or two ago. I'm not real big on politics, but I think a certain distrust of News Corp, to a point, is healthy and should not really be questioned. ZettabyteGamer Spread a lot of false information about YouTubers, and YouTube as a platform. They focus on clicks, and getting subscribers instead of accurate information reporting. Trooper311 Awesome. Josh Crumley Good. Those ones where you load a page and start reading then suddenly disappears and a fullscreen ad with a 5 "second" timer starts going that takes about 5 seconds *per* second...ugh (looking at you gawker media). I just hope they don't automatically assume all google ad placements are ok just because they're google ads. DozensOfUs If you read gawker sites, it means you're a liberal weenie and deserve to be annoyed. Josh Crumley It was a kotaku article about zelda breath of the wild... 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d88dd0554cbbcfbefae945805e94ca40e0596a9a2abfb8beb5f9b9b849ce1225.gif Martin The one that are making Sound and are pretty much impossible to close need to be first!!! (You won an iPhone - beeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep)... :) DragoCubed The vibrations! MJ Cool I guess but I recommend everyone just get a real ad blocker like uBlock Origin and be done with it. RyRyTheFunBun I begrudgingly use Dolphin on all my Android devices for the ad blocker. Their are better, but dolphin renders almost all sites correctly and is fast. freshprince_87 Chrome is better D.Smithee Are you kidding me? You're using that shitty adblocker add-on for Dolphin? That extension hasn't been updated in years. Just use Brave Browser for Android--it's essentially Chrome with adblocking, tracker blocking, HTTPS and fingerprinting protection with a few added necessities. Nathan J On mobile, just run a system-wide ad blocker. AdGuard on Android and AdBlock on iOS. Chrome works just fine with no ads seen anywhere. MJ Nothing wrong with Adguard but installing a whole app seems overkill when an browser add-on will do. I really have no interest in using Chrome on mobile. ZettabyteGamer What mobile browser do you use, our of curiosity? Necdet Ali Özdür Try Samsung Browser on mobile, it supports ad blocking. MJ I already have an ad blocker and no interest in the Samsung browser. LOL Hrishikesh Bisen Why? senor_heisenberg Noice, about time. Tom Erlandsen Google working on an ad-blocker? Now there's something I never expected to read haha JD Gotta finish off the competition somehow. They weren't going to do it by releasing polished products Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LOL, unfortunately, true. JG Does ChromeOS fall into the desktop category? or is this going to be browser only? kenspiracy ChromeOS would fall into the desktop category, yes. 4Ui812 Adgaurd for the win and the block. Untung Dwi Prasetyo Yes D.Smithee They make a great content blocker for Samsung browser--and let's face it, their Adguard VPN blocker for unrooted Android is a godsend. Johny M This is not good. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6fddce77432d41dfcd3c6f79fcc7fa1244c36a5ce08a0227a141e8521e57f3e.gif So the biggest online add company will punish websites that post "bad" commercials. What can go wrong with that? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. Google ad services monopoly, here we come. Necdet Ali Özdür It's been done before. I mean blocking "bad" commercials. Almost all browsers now have an option to block pop up pages. I consider this an extension of it. rockstarr27 Google will use it to block non google approved ads, furthering their monopoly. Predictable. 4Ui812 Bingo MaroonMushroom All of the bigger advertising companies would probably meet Google's standards without issue. I'm sure the bar will be set low enough to mostly target the full screen ads that say your Android phone has 6 memory viruses while it's vibrating at you. rockstarr27 "Google will only block the bad ads, they wouldn't ever try to make their ad blocking more dominant compared to competitors with this move." - Ah to be young and naive. LAMMJR O plz god yes, block those stupid ads that block chrome in android, spamming pop ups and using vibration saying my phone will be destroyed in x seconds if I don't install whaterver app they tell me to. Carson Saldanha Omg fr. I can't believe this is still a thing. Max I only can wish suffering to whoever developed those nasty ads. Nicoleckeys Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !su184c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !su184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketCubeGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!su184c:....,...... LOL Stop playing with yourself and these ads will disappear! Latheryin Ads will never be accepted by everyone. A lot of people see no use for them at all and will continue to block all ads. If they wanted commercials they can watch cable. Max Be careful with what you wish, the day ads die is the day everything will be paid on internet. TechGuy22 Like pirate don't exist lol Latheryin Yeah that will never happen. Even if it cuts people's use of the Internet by 65% that would not be a bad thing. And like TechGuy22 said. It will be broken. DragoCubed I can see a future with less outright box ads and ads that are hard to even tell that they are ads. Sponsored content and stuff. TechGuy22 Block these ads or the hijacked one on here specially https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1abd2d9979769332aaaefa91b671e6683737b8fb001f1b9b41820b6a94d1eee9.png Josh Crumley But look at this one weird trick I learned! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8c0b953c6e85700fbc7f7073a9f5ec68cb6a87dbf0c0afbca12b88428163ea5.png ilovetesla seriously , try it , its very good and a healthy tip for the phone internet never lies Bruce Wayne Those ads are annoying. They are usually served up by a company called Outbrain. DragoCubed Awesome sauce LOL So no more pussiеs and тiтs on the side bar? Damn.... Michael Hazell Never thought I'd see the day that Google would assume the role as an ad blocker, but honestly I appreciate them filtering those ads on mobile devices where it's like "your device has 6 million viruses, install to fix." Those are just cancer and needed to be blocked anyways. I've been such a heavy ad blocker that I forgot what it's like to deal with cancerous ads on the internet. xmascarroll For some reason, my stock V20 always gets "Android Alert! Your device, GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE, has xxx viruses! Run Android GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE Cleaner now!" D.Smithee We'll assume you didn't run said cleaner. ilovetesla then, follow the instructions, its a generic cleaner YuCMi Yes please! If this works the way it is described here, I'll turn off my indiscriminate adblocker. Dmitry Stepanushkin ADBlock. Problem solved 😂 Lord Argyris Somehow I'm categorizing this one in the "I'll believe it when I see it" category. It sounds an awful lot like an Outbrain story, which, incidentally enough, is one of the reasons people run ad blockers. That all said, these are the kinds of things I want to see blocked: -Anything that autoplays, makes noise, etc. -Anything that blinks, pops up, obscures the screen, or otherwise tries to distract me -Clickbait repos -Any and all forms of tracking--leave ad content selection up to the host site, or just push random ads The first two might be reasonably expected from a hypothetical Google ad blocker, but the third is questionable (the stories don't usually run afoul of the other criteria on the list; they're just trashy and take up page space and bandwidth). For the last one, however, I can barely hear myself typing over the laughter of the big ad companies (Google included). Tracking makes ads much more effective, and I don't see anything (apart from federal regulation, which has its own problems, not to mention scope limitations) that will ever manage to shove that genie back into the bottle. I'll play along with the rumor for a moment. What Google is likely doing here is protecting not just its ad revenue, but its ability to build up tracking data, which is immensely valuable. Trackers can be blocked by sufficiently motivated individuals, and third party extensions make this a lot easier. This is where Google wants to move in. By offering a basic solution to casual ad blockers, who just don't want to deal with the annoyance and page slowdown of heavily ad-infested sites, Google is ensuring that those tracking cookies are still set and that it (Google) and other third party ad companies can keep harvesting that data, even if people aren't seeing as many annoying ads. As an end user, this benefits me in some ways and hurts me in others. On the one hand, I feel like the presence of a Chrome-native, on-by-default blocker will bring about at least some progress on eradicating the Internet of the worst ad offenders, particularly if the penalty for non-compliance is that your site gets no revenue whatsoever from Chrome users who stick with the defaults. On the other hand, this will put the squeeze on more capable third party extensions that offer more granular control (as well as the ability to block more than just the ads themselves), which might drive some of them out of the market. Also, it abstracts the issue of tracking away from ad blocking--everybody can see the ads (and be creeped out at how relevant they are), but fewer people know about the tracking behind the scenes. If Google just makes some of the most annoying ads go away, many people will be satisfied, even if the tracking is still taking place. It also seems dangerously close to the sort of anticompetitive behavior commonly associated with late 90s-era Microsoft, since it's clear Google isn't being altruistic here. It's going to benefit from this initiative, and disproportionately to the other players in the market (both ad blockers and other ad companies). Notice what's not ever going to be blocked: Google-sourced ads. Everything else is theoretically fair game. Companies looking to advertise, as well as sites looking for ad revenue, will both be more confident in going with the Google ad platform than with competitors because they know that their ads will be compliant and that they won't risk losing revenue due to Google's ad blocker. We'll see how this shakes out. If a Chrome ad blocker is indeed under consideration, I suspect this information was purposely leaked to see what sort of reaction it gets. ast00 Block ads? Yes, please. Only accept AdSense? Oh hell no! (please link the gif) bozzykid The report says it will use the same "Acceptable Ads" that Adblock Plus supports so it wouldn't be accepting just Adsense. Cory Wilson I want to be rid of the stupid ads that take over the whole screen and say "congratulations we're giving away giftcards to users who live in , you have 5 minutes to redeem". you can't get out of them unless you close the window and reopen. Anonymous and what about adsense? D.Smithee It's good news--but a little too late, Google. I've been using a content blocker since the very early 2000's with Firefox. Now I use uBlock Origin with Chrome desktop. I came to the conclusion a LONG time ago that sites don't have our best interests at heart. Even the ones that proclaim they do. For me, ads/trackers/etc. became a security issue quite some time ago--I just can't trust sites, so I just block ALL ads/trackers/undesirable content. And if a site objects to it or blocks users using content blockers, I just get my information elsewhere. It's that simple. Branko So awesome. Will it eventually filter "hate speech" and "fake news" too Google? If you want to place in a mechanism for ad blocking, users must have control over it. Otherwise it's prone to abuse of self interests. Go fuck yourselves Google. Disphouf Thats funny, I changed Chrome with Brave browser because their adblocker Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.566s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Google's Plan to Build Ad-Blocking Into Chrome Could Be a Very Good Thing Rhett Jones | Gawker MediaApr 20, 2017, 08.49 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit googleImage Credit Continue reading Image Sources: Google, Adblock It's not just you, online ads are getting worse. Auto-play video has become a standard, pop-ups are back in a big way and those inline ads seem accidentally clickier all the time. According to the Wall Street Journal , Google is well aware of this and it's planning to add a built-in ad blocker to the Chrome browser. If the plan is handled correctly, it could force sites to give everyone a better experience. The Journal reports that sources familiar with Google's plan say that both the mobile and desktop versions could soon feature an ad-blocking system that would be turned on by default. But it wouldn't filter out all ads, only the ones that don't comply with the Coalition for Better Ads list of standards . For instance, auto-playing video ads with sound and large sticky ads would be out. The company is reportedly still deciding whether or not to block individual ads or all advertising on any site that doesn't meet the "threshold of consumer acceptability." Advertisement Advertisement But why would a company that makes billions on advertising add a feature to its own free product that would block advertising? Simply put, Google doesn't want more people downloading ad-blockers that it has no control over. Google has seen the reports that as many as 26% of desktop users have some sort of software to hide advertisements and it doesn't want that number getting any larger. The online analytics firm StatCounter claims that Chrome has gobbled up a little over 52 percent of the worldwide browser market share. Its closest competitor is Safari with 14 percent and the rest are struggling with single digits. If Google decides that its browser will only allow ads that meet those predetermined standards, any website that wants to survive will comply. Another thing that Google doesn't like is that services like Adblock Plus offer programs that allow companies to pay their way onto an "Acceptable Ads" list. The search giant currently pays Adblock Plus's parent company for exactly that. But that also raises some alarm bells when it comes to Google's consolidation of power in this situation. Would Chrome ever offer its own whitelisting service or will it stick to predefined standards set by an independent organization? Sponsored If implemented correctly, this feature wouldn't just benefit Google. All online users would get a better experience and fewer people would download ad blockers. Considering that most of the world's major websites live and die based on ads (including this one), this is an effort to save the web as we know it. According to the sources, Google could launch the feature in a matter of weeks or decide to kill it altogether. Advertisement [ Wall Street Journal ] FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Googledeath to auto play video with soundChromebuilt inAdBlock Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story Facebook Literally Wants to Read Your Thoughts More from this author The White House Is Considering Killing Its Online Petition Site and It Really Doesn't Matter Google's Greatest Time-Suck Invention Just Got a Lot Better Arizona Makes Theranos Pay Following the Public Embarrassment of Its Governor Related stories Google Chrome Just Got a Lot Faster Mute Noisy Tabs in Google Chrome Google Chrome Is Now the Most Popular Web Browser Google to implement faster scrolling standard on Chrome browser WSJ: Google Is Feeding Chrome OS to Android Google Updates Chrome And Play Store With Data-Saving Features FROM THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share 50 Unlikely Animal Friendships Straight From Cartoons YourDigiDish Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop Now Microsoft I Can Eat Healthy For Under $10 With HelloFresh InsideHook for HelloFresh Follow The Story Of One Psoriasis Patient Who Took Back Co.. HealthCentral.com MORE FROM GIZMODO Watch a Rocket Launch in Glorious 360 Degrees for the First Uber's revenue hits $6.5 billion in 2016 What Would Life On Saturn's Moon Enceladus Look Like? 9 More Viral Photos That Are Totally Fake Aadhar to get Iris authentication soon 'It's All Over Now But the Screaming': Inside the Unraveling You May Like Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Ad: Food & Wine for Plated We Tried Bombas Socks. Here’s What Happened: Ad: Business Insider | Bombas Socks Watch: The Latest Developments in HIV Treatment Ad: HealthiNation The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Ad: Tophatter Big Data. Big Opportunities. Ad: Find Your Context 6 Home Renos that Can Devalue a Home Ad: Bankrate Editor's Pick 6 Serious Grooming Mistakes Men Make ... Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Hot Right Now This Browser Extension Will Help You Read Science Papers for Free Only 1 in 10 Americans Can Pass This U.s. History Quiz Ad: Topix Offbeat Sony Rivals Canon's Best Camera with the Badass A9 TRAPPIST-1 Has Some Serious New Competition For Best Place to Find Aliens Why Does North Korea Play Blade Runner-Style Music Every Morning? Here's What Our Food Might Look Like in a Climate Change-Induced Dystopia What Time is the New Korean War? More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying to Communicate With Us 9 More Viral Photos That Are Totally Fake Scientists Are Making Horrible Red-Eye Mutant Wasps Because Why the Hell Not Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Moto G5 review: A budget phone that won’t screw up ... New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Ad: Consumer Daily Ads Sorry, But Your iPhone 5 Is About to Become Obsolete ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey) ₹ 29990BUYiOS 10, 8MP Cam, 4G Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9450BUY5000 mAh Battery Lenovo A6600 Plus 4G VoLTE - 2GB (Black) ₹ 6999BUY4G VoLTE, 2GB RAM Facebook Literally Wants to Read Your Thoughts Holiday Inn Cops to Massive Credit Card Data Breach This Browser Extension Will Help You Read Science Papers for Free TRAPPIST-1 Has Some Serious New Competition For Best Place to Find Aliens Sony Rivals Canon's Best Camera with the Badass A9 More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying to Communicate With Us French Presidential Candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon's 'Hologram' Is Not Actually a Hologram Scientists Are Making Horrible Red-Eye Mutant Wasps Because Why the Hell Not Why Does North Korea Play Blade Runner-Style Music Every Morning? 1Google's Plan to Build Ad-Blocking Into Chrome Could Be a Very Good Thing 2Facebook Literally Wants to Read Your Thoughts 3Holiday Inn Cops to Massive Credit Card Data Breach 4This Browser Extension Will Help You Read Science Papers for Free 5TRAPPIST-1 Has Some Serious New Competition For Best Place to Find Aliens 6Sony Rivals Canon's Best Camera with the Badass A9 7More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying to Communicate With Us 8French Presidential Candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon's 'Hologram' Is Not Actually a Hologram 9Scientists Are Making Horrible Red-Eye Mutant Wasps Because Why the Hell Not 10Why Does North Korea Play Blade Runner-Style Music Every Morning? About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Squarespace ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10 Evernote 6.11 OmniFocus 2.9 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.3, Compressor 4.3.2, and Motion 5.3.2 iMovie 10.1.5 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.1 Tinderbox 7.0.2 Apple Configurator 2.4 macOS Server 5.3 Skype 7.49     Published in TidBITS 1365. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. TidBITS Turns 27: Pondering the Future BusyCal 2/Google Calendar Users Should Upgrade PDFpen 9 Improves Markup, Tables of Contents, and More ACEs Conference Helps Consultants Grow Their Businesses TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 17 April 2017 ExtraBITS for 17 April 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Business Apps | 11 Apr 2017 | Print  | Comment (4) Comparing Five iOS Travel Management Apps by Mike Matthews Well over 30 years ago, I had just started a new job when the boss strolled by — and out of the clear, blue, friendly skies asked me to make an airline reservation for him. I had little to go on, just the destination airport, travel days, and some rough travel times. I had no idea about his airline preferences, much less whether he preferred window or aisle seating. Back in those days, you called a travel agent and stepped through the process of getting a ticket delivered to your door. Or, if you wanted to make sure the travel agent was on target, you could do a little of the legwork yourself first by looking up flights in the Official Airline Guide, a thick book with tiny phonebook type. I eventually located a suitable set of flights and passed the info on to his assistant, who dutifully typed the itinerary on an index card for him to carry in his pocket. How times have changed! Airlines now offer booking Web sites, their own apps, and mobile boarding passes. Plus, you can quickly and easily research flights, hotels, rental cars, and more with apps that are dedicated to that purpose. But two things haven’t changed: travel is still a very personal thing, and I’m still looking for the best way to keep all my travel info in one place. The index card approach just doesn’t cut it today. Over the years, I’ve done a fair bit of traveling, both business and personal, and here’s what I’m looking for in a travel management app: Easy and largely automatic itinerary creation The capability to share an itinerary with others Automatic updates for flight changes Syncing of data across multiple devices Notifications in as many ways as possible Thoroughness, with all the bases covered A streamlined interface, ideally allowing one-handed use while on the move through an airport There are a number of candidates in the App Store, but these five stood out: Google Trips, App in the Air, Kayak, TripCase, and TripIt. All the apps have most of the same basic features. After you set up an account with their service, they scan your email inbox for details about a trip (flight times, hotel bookings, etc.) and build an itinerary for you. With most of the apps, you can also either forward booking emails you’ve received to a standard address to create the itinerary or enter the details manually. Once the trip is in place, the app generates additional information such as airport info and local weather, and adds it to your itinerary. You can share the trip with others, add the details to your calendar, and receive trip-related notifications such as check-in times and flight delays. If you’re on the move, your travel plans should move with you in the most convenient way possible. So all these apps make their data accessible on different devices, and most of them extend a subset of their features to the Apple Watch. Only Google Trips lacks an Apple Watch app, and of the other four, only TripIt doesn’t include a complication that can show at-a-glance flight details such as gate information, time to check-in, and baggage claim carousels. Also, all but Google Trips include a Messages app, which can be helpful if you regularly need to share trip details in conversations. Beyond these basics, there’s plenty of room for each app to differentiate itself, be it through the use of crowdsourcing, packing lists, flight trackers, or the ability to book travel from within the app. In short, there’s probably an app in this group with features that will best fit your needs. We can’t cover every nuance in this article, but let’s take a look at some of the more interesting features. Google Trips -- Google is nearly ubiquitous and its services are generally regarded as being top tier. Plenty of people rely on Google while planning and booking travel plans, so organizing travel information with the free Google Trips app seems like a reasonable extension of its services. Setup is simple. You allow the app to access your location while using it, allow notifications about your trip to be sent to you, and sign in with your Google account, giving the app permission to detect past and future trips from information it can find in your Gmail account. From there, the app’s real strength appears, as it suggests things to do, creates customizable daily itineraries of places to go, provides food and drink recommendations, covers how to get around in the local area, and offers “need to know” facts such as emergency numbers, shopping, and tipping info. Plus, it lets you download all this information from Google for offline viewing. Making use of Google’s vast collection of the world’s knowledge is easily the strongest part of the app. However, Google Trips is the newest of the five apps in the group and lacks many features that the others have. If you don’t use Gmail as your primary email provider, Google Trips won’t be nearly as useful. You can add a trip manually, but unlike the other services, Google doesn’t offer a standard email address to which your booking emails can be forwarded to create an itinerary. Many of the other four apps offer at least some notification options. Google Trips itself contains no notification settings within the app, just the opportunity during setup to enable them — but offers no specifics as to what the notifications are. Also, in the current version of the app, you can’t share itineraries, which may be a deal-breaker for many people. There’s also just an iPhone app; no iPad, Apple Watch, or Messages app. And now a confession: I don’t use Google’s services much. As such, Google Trips has limited value for me because it relies heavily on harvesting flight data from a Google account. As the new app on the block, it’s also missing basic features that the other more mature apps have. But if you’re waist-deep in the Google ecosystem, the way the app makes it easy to explore your destination might make it the ideal solution for you or as a companion to one of the other apps. App in the Air -- Not surprisingly, given its name, the free App in the Air focuses on managing air travel but has recently begun to branch out by allowing you to include hotel and car rental details in your itinerary. Flights are organized into cards. Tapping a card reveals all the details from a generous selection of up to 16 customizable widgets, including a timeline, airport and airline info, an online check-in form, maps, wait times, hotel and car rental details, and more. Unique among the five apps, App in the Air presents flight information in a timeline of four segments: Check-in, Boarding, Take-off, and Landing. Knowing these four items in a flight’s timeline can help you prepare for your flight and keep family and business associates in the loop as to your schedule. You can also allow App in the Air to access your calendar to import existing flights and access your contacts for itinerary notifications. App in the Air offers plenty of push and text alerts that you can activate individually (including one for in-flight exercises), but you’ll need a subscription to make them work. Other premium features ($29.99 per year with a free 14-day trial or $49.99 for lifetime access) include a family subscription and unlimited auto check-in. As with many freemium apps, it sports a long list of in-app purchases that range from disabling ads for $0.99 to a lifetime subscription for flight alerts for $49.99. Other notable features include: You can subscribe family and friends to flight alerts too, keeping them in the loop should your itinerary change. Some of the widgets are innovative. One allows you to track your luggage on American Airlines flights. The TSA Rules widget lets you enter an item and responds with rules about whether the item may be carried on board or must be stowed in checked bags. And sometimes widgets appear only if they are relevant; for example, the Uber widget shows up only if there’s service where you are. If you enter your passport information, App in the Air can theoretically check you in for flights automatically. I couldn’t get this feature to work, perhaps because I didn’t have an active subscription, but it would come in handy for airlines like Southwest that don’t assign seats in advance. You can export trips to any of your calendars, which can save you the extra step of downloading flight itineraries from an airline’s Web site and adding them to your calendar. You can import itineraries from TripIt. So if, for example, you want to switch from using TripIt or your company has standardized on TripIt, but you prefer the App in the Air interface or features, it’s easy to do so. You can also import flight plans by scanning your boarding pass or from the boarding pass stored in Apple’s Wallet app; on the back of the pass, just tap Share Pass, then tap App in the Air. If you’re into tracking your travel, let App in the Air do the heavy lifting. It can log miles, hours, airports, and more. You can also earn badges for your achievements. There’s even a whimsical award for Time Travel, but you’ll need to supply your own flux capacitor. To help you get through airports more efficiently, App in the Air includes maps and crowdsourced wait times for check-in, passport processing, and security. If you’re still using scraps of paper to track what to pack, you might like App in the Air’s editable packing list. App in the Air can help you track loyalty points for airlines, hotels, rental cars, and other entities, but the feature is relatively limited, particularly for U.S. airlines. It also requires creating yet another account, with Points Loyalty Wallet. There’s a lot to like in App in the Air and there’s likely more to come. The cost to enable the additional features provided by the subscription isn’t cheap. But if you fly regularly, the lifetime subscription is probably a worthwhile bet to place, since the app receives regular feature updates. I highly recommend App in the Air. Kayak -- Now owned by Priceline, the free Kayak app boasts a long list of travel-related features. Most notably it helps you find and book flights, hotel rooms, and rental cars; and provides a top-notch interface. You can filter your searches by a multitude of categories, including price, non-stop flights, car type, hotel brands, amenities, and much more. When the search results are presented you can book them, or in the case of flights and hotel rooms, set up a price alert. Kayak does a nice job suggesting whether it makes sense to buy an airline ticket immediately, or to wait a while and see if prices come down. Kayak takes travel planning a step further with its Explore feature. You set parameters for your trip, such as a budget, time of year, location, and activities, and Kayak responds with suggestions. Along with all the basics, once a trip is created, you can also add related events and details such as meetings, dinners, and local transportation, a plus for business travelers. One-upping App in the Air, Kayak automatically creates a calendar feed with all your itineraries, so if information about the trip changes, it’s automatically updated in your calendar. To get the URL for the calendar feed, you’ll need to log in to Kayak on the Web and look in Trips Settings. Kayak recently added the capability to import booking confirmations automatically from Gmail accounts. That’s a nice improvement, but like Google Trips, it works only with Gmail while App in the Air and TripIt can sift through the inboxes of many more email services. Kayak provides a number of other niceties: Kayak’s flight tracker isn’t limited to just the flights you travel on. You can track any flight you want; that’s helpful if you’re the one making the airport run to pick up Grandma. It can automatically share all new trips with others via email. Kayak even provides the option of letting others edit the trip, which would be useful for an administrative aide to add a meeting for a traveling boss. When you add a hotel manually to an itinerary, Kayak automatically fills in the address, phone number, and URL for the property. Hotel details include a section on nearby restaurants (courtesy of OpenTable, another Priceline company) and a Show Driver button that displays the hotel address to show a driver if there’s a language barrier. In addition to email, SMS, and notifications, Kayak can also send flight status alerts via Facebook Messenger. You can use autofill for your contact info, pulling your data out of your Contacts app with a couple of taps. These autofill settings can be kept in sync through iCloud. So if you change any of your contact info — say, your home address — you can change it on one device and let iCloud handle the syncing with the rest of your devices. Kayak is the only app of the bunch that has an Apple TV app. That makes it easier for people to do travel planning together… and I’ll bet those shots of the French Riviera on a 60-inch TV screen are enticing. While it’s a good fit for personal travel, Kayak also works well for business travelers, who can use the app to include meetings and other events in their itineraries, follow flight plans of co-workers, and allow others to edit their trips. If you’re looking for a single app to plan, book, and manage travel, you can’t go wrong with Kayak, especially given that it’s entirely free. TripCase -- Our next entry is TripCase, which is owned by Sabre — perhaps the first company to get into the real-time, computer-based air travel booking business. TripCase provides a full array of travel management tools, including several that target business travelers. Unlike the other apps, after you set up an account and complete your profile (which you must do to use TripCase), TripCase doesn’t search through your email for travel info and automatically build itineraries. Instead, you either: Forward email confirmation messages with travel info to trips@tripcase.com or enter the details manually. Use a TripCase affiliate to do bookings, in which case, the details will automatically be added to your account. An affiliate is any airline, travel agency, company travel department, or supplier that uses TripCase’s technology to automatically import reservations into a traveler’s TripCase account. Unfortunately, there’s no list of affiliates to be found online or in the app, so your results may be hit-and-miss. Neither of these is as friction-free as having the app look through your inbox. And the mystery surrounding the affiliates isn’t good, either — two demerits. Once you have a trip built, you can add activities such as meetings, restaurants, and attractions, and the app provides access to Uber, airport maps, weather, and other information right within the trip. Separate screens provide links to restaurants and things to see and do at your destination. TripCase offers the usual trappings, such as push/email alerts and the capability to share trips with others, although updates other than flight changes are not sent automatically to people you designate. However, if those people sign up for TripCase, your trip appears in a convenient Following list, with full updates — a handy feature for business travelers. On the calendar side, TripCase lets you do a one-time import of your trips, or it can create a calendar feed that will update itself. Of course, there’s more: TripCase shows a Tripfeed in its details screen that may include helpful information such as a link to an airport map or ads that suggest you buy various trip-related items such as travel insurance, an audiobook for the flight, and an airport lounge ticket. Unfortunately, there’s no way to turn off the ads with an in-app purchase. TripCase offers (for a $5.99 in-app purchase good for a year after a 1-month trial period) the option of storing images of your receipts as PDF files to save time when filling out expense reports, a welcome feature for business travelers. You can use TripCase to search for alternate flights for future trips you have planned. An Apple Watch app displays an itinerary as well as nearby locations. But while the complication appears in the list contained in the Watch app, it would not appear as an option under the Faces section of the app. TripCase is clearly built for business travelers. But it feels incredibly dated in terms of look and feel and lacks too many standard features that its counterparts have. Unless your company mandates its use, I recommend looking elsewhere because there are better options. TripIt -- As with a couple of the other apps, TripIt is part of a larger company’s travel portfolio. It’s owned by Concur Technologies, which provides travel and expense management services to businesses. Concur also owns Hipmunk, another app that can book flights and hotels. Combine the two and you have a travel solution aimed squarely at business travelers. TripIt has all the basics covered and, like Kayak and TripCase, you can manually beef up your itineraries with additional travel plans, such as train or ferry trips, and activities like meetings or theater outings. TripIt provides a calendar feed that maintains updated itineraries in your calendar app. You can share trips, which isn’t unusual, but TripIt allows you to share only parts of your itinerary, so you could choose to share flight info but not hotel arrangements, for example. For $49 per year, you can upgrade to TripIt Pro and get flight status alerts by text or email, reward tracking with a number of vendors, check-in reminders, automatic trip sharing, flight refund monitoring, and more. That cost is higher than what other apps charge, but you can try TripIt Pro for 30 days for free. TripIt is big on social via its Network feature, offering a dizzying array of options, including: You can post travel plans to LinkedIn, Facebook, Yammer, and Salesforce Chatter. You can add connections to other people either manually or through your Google or Yahoo email accounts. Once connections are made, you and your connection can each see summaries of each other’s trips. In addition, TripIt can spot when connections are near each other when travel plans overlap. TripIt Pro users can create an “inner circle,” members of which see your detailed itineraries and get automatic notifications when you create new trips. People in your inner circle do not have to be TripIt Pro users and trip information is shared only from you to them, not the other way. You can optionally choose to allow an inner circle member to edit your trips, which might be handy if your assistant regularly handles such details anyway. You can designate individual trips as private to avoid sharing trip information, even with your inner circle. And that’s not all: TripIt stores an extended set of profile info, including space for travel documents like your passport, TSA Pre, CLEAR, and driver license. It can also store travel-related contacts such as emergency contacts, house sitters, boarding kennels, and so on. Like App in the Air, TripIt can track basic travel stats. There are no medals for achievements, though. You can create groups for free. People with email addresses with the same domain (think companies) can use a shared calendar to coordinate travel schedules and see other group members’ trips and locations on a map. Trips can also be made private. For $29 per month for up to 10 users (with prices scaling up to $159 per month for 100 users), an organization can subscribe to TripIt for Teams, which offers the group features above along with team-wide spending reports and a travel dashboard that shows all of the team’s travel plans in one place. It’s best suited for an organization that has a department arranging travel for others. TripIt is solid on all fronts and works equally well for both personal and business travel. If you travel a lot, the Pro features are a must-have. Unless you have a big problem with using a separate app to book travel, TripIt has you covered. Book It -- Let’s wrap it up. All five of these apps can work for personal travel, but Kayak, App in the Air, and TripIt are clearly ahead of Google Trips and TripCase thanks to a more complete set of features. Kayak and TripIt are best suited for business travelers given their capability to add other activities to trip itineraries, and the inclusion of TripIt’s $49 Pro package gives it a slight edge over Kayak for business travelers. With its features that appeal to groups and teams, TripIt is the best option for organizations that need to manage complex travel calendars and costs, bolstering its position as the best app for business travelers.   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>   Comments about Comparing Five iOS Travel Management Apps To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Travel veteran Mike Matthews has been booking flights since the days of typewriters and travel agents. He reviews five travel management apps and offers his impressions of each. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-04-18 19:25 I'm not a big fan of "free" services. I don't like myself or my data being sold off beyond my control. I prefer paying up front for services just as I expect to be paid a salary for my own work. So with that said, no way I'm relying on some google stuff. A couple years ago I bought Flight Update and I have used it a lot since on various iPhones. I saved all my travel itineraries and used it to keep me updated about changes, remind me of layover times, even plot the great circle route for my long haul flights. Everything was just fine until a few months ago when out of thin air the app stopped working. At first I thought it was just some communications issue when it couldn't load details for a flight number. Quickly after that I realized though it was happening to all the flights I entered. So it turns out that the app has ceased to work. Anybody who wants to continue to use it will have to buy the new "Pro" version for $10. And if you want to migrate your data, you have to go through some convoluted process to move it from the previous paid (but no longer supported and working) app to the new more expensive (and supported for nobody knows how long) "pro" app. I really liked the app and I'm sure Flight Update Pro is great too, but there is no way in hell I would ever support a company that pulls these kinds of shenanigans on its paying customers. Shutting off a working app without warning and expecting people to pay for another app just to regain lost functionality they had already paid for and on top of it all not preserving data (w/o extra user effort) cannot go unpunished. So that leads me to my question. What other app can I get to replace this formerly great app? The apps the author proposes seem to focus on automation and sharing. I'm not interested in any of that. I'm fine entering my data by hand, I prefer my privacy. I don't need to share my travel details with anybody and if I do a simple txt email fwd is good enough. I prefer a simple and clean interface with quick and seamless information updates in real time. Especially if I don't have to sell myself out to a company like Google to have this done "for me". Any suggestions? Reply Joyce Mastboom   2017-04-19 09:55 On March 28, David Pogue did a review of several flight apps here: http://finance.yahoo.com/news/david-pogues-search-for-the-worlds-best-air-travel-app-145902717.html Reply Simon   2017-04-19 13:07 Thanks, Joyce! That's a great review. Unfortunately his app of choice is Flight Update Pro which I will not pay for after the cr*p they recently pulled when they broke their other paid app. His number two seems to be The FlightTracker. It's only $4. I'll probably give that a spin. Reply Mike Matthews   2017-04-19 14:09 I'd give Kayak a look. True, you have to give them your data, but it's been very good (and timely) for me when it comes to traveler, pick-up, and drop-off notifications (flight changes, check-in reminders, baggage claim carousels, etc.) via email or text. See the Trips settings. Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Mike Matthews TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google PhotoScan 1.4 makes glare removal optional, adds photo sharing Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 6:08pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 47 Share on Facebook 41 Share on Twitter Total Shares101 Google News If you've been using PhotoScan by Google Photos to digitize all your pre-stick selfies then this latest bit of news might come in handy. Google has updated the app to 1.4, adding the ability to share photos from directly inside the app using intents, and a new toggle to disable glare removal. Easy sharing can save you time with social media, and the latter could come in handy if you have noticed it messing with light areas in high-contrast images. I've been a fan of PhotoScan for a while. Pushing it onto my parents as a means of saving their photos against the ravages of time wasn't easy, but they seem to get the gist of it, even if they can't actually be bothered to use it. For users that do use it frequently, the ability to share directly from the app is going to come in handy. Before the update, after taking a picture you had to navigate to it in Google Photos in order to share it. Now showing off grandma's sweet poodle skirt on Instagram is a two-tap affair. Similarly, the option to disable glare reduction can save you some time if you've got a pile to work through, as it reduces the number of images required down to one. If you've noticed that the glare reduction bugs out at all that could also come in handy. That isn't too likely, though. I've found it to perform pretty consistently well. If you aren't seeing the update to 1.4 for any reason, feel free to pull down the latest from APK Mirror. Download QR-Code PhotoScan by Google Photos Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Source: Google Tags 1.4 glare reduction google+ photos photoscan sharing update subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for ... ... Next Story WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Mike For the couple of times I've used this app it's worked flawlessly. Interested to see how that the glare toggle works. Ryne Hager Yeah, I've had great experiences with it as well. Every once in a while the glare isn't entirely taken care of, but that's more a fault of bad lighting than anything else. Grey I hope this is an improvement because it's a super nice app boop Not compatible with Pixel XL? Nicoleckeys Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !su184c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !su184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketCubeGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!su184c:....,..... Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.566s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT Exact Match vs. Close Variants: Difference & Impact Home/PPC/Exact Match vs. Close Variants: Difference & Impact Exact Match vs. Close Variants: Difference & Impact Google recently changed the way they handle exact match keywords in AdWords. In a post to the AdWords blog on March 17th they explained the change. Here is a short summary of what changed and then we’ll talk about how it’s impacting advertisers & what you should consider doing in response. Close Variants The change is specifically to how exact match keywords are handled in the AdWords advertising platform. Exact match keywords are uploaded with square brackets, such as [size 12 mens running shoes], and that keyword would only trigger an ad if what a user typed into Google was exactly the same as what was in the bracket. No more, no less, no change in word order, no misspellings. Exact. However, this announcement changes the way exact match works in 2 fundamental ways: Function words: These are prepositions or conjunctions like in, to, a, the, for or but. With the new protocol, AdWords can ignore these function words (in the query OR the keyword) and match to function words with similar intent. Reordering: While exact match preserved word order, the new protocol will allow AdWords to match queries with different word orders when they deem intent has not changed. So “size 12 mens running shoes” and “running shoes mens size 12” could now match to the same exact match keyword. Two things stand out to me. First, Google is very clear that this should only happen when intent remains the same, hence the name close variants. That makes perfect sense, but the second thing is that we’re putting an increasing amount of trust in Google and their machine learning to understand what people mean with their searches. That’s why you need to keep an eye on Google and here’s how. Review Search Term Reports AdWords allows advertisers to see the exact search queries that triggered ads. This information can be found by clicking the Keywords tab and then selecting the Search Terms button just below it. Here’s a visual: Once you’re looking at this list, we want to go one step further and uncover the close variants that Google is matching to our exact match keywords. To do this you click the Filter drop down and make the following selections: This will show you how liberal Google is being with their matching and you can use your human intuition to determine if they’ve accurately preserved intent in their matching. Keeping Google In Check Machine learning is great, but we still need human oversight and correction. To keep Google in check, here are the tools at your disposal: Negative keywords: These will trump any close variant matching, so if you see a query where changing the word order DOES change the intent I recommend you add it as a negative keyword. Phrase match: This keyword match type still preserves word order, so if you don’t want to add a ton of negatives for word order, you can use phrase match keywords to ensure Google keeps the words in a specific order. The other issue for intermediate to advanced advertisers is bidding. Many accounts have very large keyword lists and each variant is already somewhere in the account and bids are highly optimized. This change could allow high-CPC exact match keywords to grab impressions from lower-CPC match types, thus inflating CPC and reducing ROI. This is another thing to keep an eye out for and may need the above methods to control for. Summary Overall this likely won’t be as big a deal as some have thought. Mature accounts may see some shifting in impressions that will require attention. Less sophisticated accounts may actually see better results as Google helps them show for queries they weren’t eligible for with their current account setup. It could even be a big part of Google’s voice search strategy now that people are increasingly talking to devices like the Google Assistant or Amazon Echo. However, it’s important for advertisers to understand that Google now has more latitude with exact match and they need to pay attention so that Google doesn’t go rogue. Hand-Picked Related Articles: How to Use AdWords Ad Customizers [PPC] 3 Things You Need To Know About Adwords’ Structured Snippets How To Set Google Conversion Code To Fire On Click Using Google Tag Manager * Adapted lead image: Public Domain, pixabay.com via getstencil.com By Robert Brady| 2017-04-18T13:46:48+00:00 April 19th, 2017|PPC|0 Comments About the Author: Robert Brady Robert Brady is the head PPC wizard at Righteous Marketing, a Google AdWords Certified Partner and Microsoft adExcellence Member. He manages PPC accounts for both small and large businesses and offers a PPC training program for the DIYer. Righteous Marketing Related Posts Leave A Comment Cancel reply Comment Categories Analytics & ROI Analysis (196) Company News (80) Content (1,071) Conversion Optimization (131) Display Advertising/RTB (29) Email Marketing (50) En Espangol (7) En Francais (22) Inbound Marketing (188) Lead Nurture & Marketing Automation (62) Local Search (154) Marketing (150) Mobile (69) Partnership Marketing (9) PPC (271) PR (84) SEO (1,966) Social Media Marketing (897) Web Design (320) Latest Posts Exact Match vs. Close Variants: Difference & Impact How To Do Local SEO On The Neighborhood Level Mobile Shopping Cart Optimization: Do’s & Don’ts Get Found Using Google My Business How To Design The Perfect Customer Journey For Successful eCommerce Conversion Rate Optimization Recent Comments Rameez on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Ann Smarty on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Steven on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Nick Stamoulis on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Zain Ul Haq on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Learn more about SEP About Us Why Choose Us? The SEP Advantage Client Reviews and Testimonials Our Process Our Research PARTNERS In The News Contact Us MENU OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK WHAT WE DO TESTIMONIALS ABOUT US CAREERS OTTAWA THINKING DIGITAL BLOG Exact Match vs. Close Variants: Difference & Impact How To Do Local SEO On The Neighborhood Level Mobile Shopping Cart Optimization: Do’s & Don’ts Get Found Using Google My Business How To Design The Perfect Customer Journey For Successful eCommerce Conversion Rate Optimization GIVE US A CALL 1.877.486.7875 GET SOCIAL Privacy Policy | Contact Us Copyright: Search Engine People Inc. – Canada’s Top Digital Agency FacebookTwitterPinterestGoogle+Linkedin More in PPC LinkedIn PPC: 5 Common Mistakes To Avoid With over 467 million users across 200+ countries and 24 languages, LinkedIn is a fantastic opportunity for advertisers who define...Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 30 Plus 1 on G+ 92 Share on Facebook 68 Share on Twitter Total Shares190 Applications Google News Update 1: 2017/04/18 9:22am PDT Looks like recordings from that period are appearing back where they should, nothing to see here. Shortly after bringing it back from the dead, it would appear that Google may have inadvertently broken call recording for a short period. For the last two weeks there have been multiple different user reports of problems with recording calls in Google Voice. Thankfully, the issue appears to have been resolved and recording is now working as intended. While there is not yet any word about the status of recordings presumed lost during this period, all new recordings should behave as expected and appear in your Google Voice inbox. The precise cause of the original problem isn't known. We've reached out to Google for more information. In the meantime Google hasn't made any statements about the matter outside the responses on the forum, so in lieu of an official statement all we can provide is the response given to posts on the subject: Thank you for reporting the issue you had with call recordings. We believe that we have resolved the issue and new call recordings should work as expected. Our engineering team is continuing to investigate the recordings that took place during the time period affected. We will update this thread once we have an update to provide. Thanks for your patience! If you believe you may have been affected, you can check if any of your recordings made during that time are present. If you don't find them in your Google Voice inbox double check by opening the overflow menu on the left, open "Legacy Google Voice," hover over More and select Recorded calls. Recordings should appear there, and if any are missing from the last two weeks you may be among those who have experienced the issue. For those users that might have made recordings while things were broken, it looks like Google is still looking into things and plans on updating the relevant threads later. If we hear anything more on the subject or if we get a statement we'll be sure to update this post. Update 1: 2017/04/18 9:22am PDT Looks like recordings from that period are appearing back where they should, nothing to see here. End of Update Source: Google (1, 2, 3, 4) Tags call recording Google Voice Google Voice Call Recording fixed Google Voice Fixed subscribe ... Previous Story YouTube is testing yet another UI modification, this time for collapsed video playback ... Next Story [Deal Alert] The first episode of Doctor Who season 10, plus the first episode of Class (a ... Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments ecnjnr This is great but not as great as the thumbnail Ryne Hager Making that picture was the highlight of today. Lord Argyris Seeing it pretty much has to be the highlight of my day. And since I'm looking at it at 2:20 AM where I am, I've got nearly 22 more hours to go in which anything could happen, but not likely anything better than this. Godspoken I didn't even read the article, just came to comment about that pic. Gotmilo Shoot wish I can give you reddit gold for that picture Ryne Hager I love my job. Michael Crider Thematically appropriate. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTdH0Z5cEgQ Ryne Hager My real title is President of Calendars. Vikkijfisher Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr55c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs55NationSocial/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr55u:..... Brendabcox Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr82c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs82AmericaSoftware/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr82u:........ Carson Saldanha Plz Google, let me use the Assistant to send Google Voice messages. Brad Stewart this is huge for Android Auto users as well. SpeakethTheTruth Hey new guy, nice touch on the thumbnail. Now go fetch me some coffee. Marty Tricky Dick says, "Right on!". keithzg And meanwhile SMS support is being removed from Hangouts (despite Google's assurances that Hangouts wasn't going anywhere, I guess they're just gonna rip out features until folks don't use it anymore and then go "oh, well we were gonna support it forever, but nobody's using it, so..."). And Google Voice still isn't available in Canada after all these years. Dammit, Google. ethd Aroo Morenicano I recommended the article because of the thumbnail. More eyes need to see this lol Erick Wright It would be nice if you could check your recording from the new updated less future Rich app... Or hell use Google Assistant to send messages via Google Voice or make Google Voice your default SMS app... One day Google will get it right or someone else will come alone and do it. Kevin Davis Hell yes, awesome picture. Vivek Rameses Screw the article, that's a great picture. I like the new guy. Doby Gillis Most retards do. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] ...bruh, that's a bit much 🙄 Techsoul It'd be better if they fixed the bug that doesn't allow you to get a new number at all. Mark Sentesy More important to me is that the new app usually claims the phone has no network connection, when it clearly does. This makes it unusable. So I use an old apk, which works perfectly fine. Latheryin With all the different laws around people need to be careful with call recording. Have to make sure you are aware of the laws for each and every state. Other wise might end up on the bad end of a court case. vwnut13 Google Voice announces to both parties that the call is being recorded. Latheryin Which doesn't mean anything in states where is not allowed at all. Never did understand it personally. If you can't remember what was said on a phone call then it is either not that important or your memory just sucks and you have bigger issues. MG Which doesn't mean anything since all states allow call recording, some just require that all parties involved be notified. Call recording has far more use cases than simply jotting down notes Latheryin Not all states do. The one I live in just made it illegal again to record personal calls. I'm sure for some it does. Can't think of any reason myself but for those with bad memories I can see where it would help. vwnut13 And which state would that be? Latheryin Alaska. IT was voted on last week along with a bunch of other privacy laws. You know things like where you can and cant fly a drone, recording people while they are out at events. You know things like that. Like I said I am sure many people find a use for it. Just not something I would ever use or have a use for. needa This is from the current 30th Legislature (2017-2018) Sec. 42.20.310. Eavesdropping. (a) A person may not (1) use an eavesdropping device to hear or record all or any part of an oral conversation without the consent of a party to the conversation; (2) use or divulge any information which the person knows or reasonably should know was obtained through the illegal use of an eavesdropping device for personal benefit or another's benefit; (3) publish the existence, contents, substance, purport, effect, or meaning of any conversation the person has heard through the illegal use of an eavesdropping device; (4) divulge, or publish the existence, contents, substance, purport, effect, or meaning of any conversation the person has become acquainted with after the person knows or reasonably should know that the conversation and the information contained in the conversation was obtained through the illegal use of an eavesdropping device. (b) In this section "eavesdropping device" means any device capable of being used to hear or record oral conversation whether the conversation is conducted in person, by telephone, or by any other means; provided that this definition does not include devices used for the restoration of the deaf or hard-of-hearing to normal or partial hearing. Notice how it only says 'a party to the conversation'. You don't even need to tell the person you are recording. Learjet Agreed. Would be nice to use if you were a reporter doing an interview, otherwise, what else would it be used for? It announces to the receiver that it's recording the conversation, so there's no nefarious way of using it. I'm a heavy and longtime Google Voice user and I've never needed or used it. In fact, until I read this post, I kinda had forgotten about it. Robert Johnson This call may be monitored or recorded for quality assurance, training purposes, marketing data, leaks, foreign blackmail, or national security reasons. Learjet It announces to both parties that the conversation is being recorded, so you can't record someone without their knowledge, which is what is illegal (and rightfully so). Android Developer Pretty sure normal calls are used more. Why can't they put call recording as a standard on Android? I've even made a request for this: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36705317 aRvInD Thanks for this., I am new to this. Can I voteup for this? Android Developer Yes, please upvote it. You can also create your own suggestions and bug reports there. Just remember to fill all the needed information, and add video/images when possible. Speaking of normal calls, I even requested to show larger image of the contact (because currently it's very small), but they rejected it: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36705104 :( aRvInD Ok, but how to upvote? I couldn't find any arrow marks to do it..! Android Developer You just press on the star icon on the left of the title: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/202f8e6fda93b600e49e3ff09414330dc50a6535e482df680ca66861015e1a45.png . You can also comment if you want to add something to what's written, but this doesn't count as upvoting. It's too bad the current UI of the website doesn't allow (or at least I can't find how to do it) to filter by requests. I'm sure many requests of developers and users can be interesting to upvote. Here's another one I made of a basic feature of a phone: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/37310901 It's to handle the annoying notifications of phone (audio) messages people leave you, and you have to call in order to listen and delete them. I prefer it all being managed on the smartphone itself. MikeJwF Hey look at that, a president was impeached/resigned for spying! Should be looked at as more of a trail blazer in hindsight. How ironic. prestonjb I guess this is why my voicemail was so messed up the last months... But now that it's working the is a larger problem... Now i wish I could get Google voice to get the voice mail from my Android Wear lg watch. I want to call forward my phone to my watch and then if I don't pick up on the watch then voice mail goes to Google voice.. but alas I can't get the watch to forward to Google voice.. Ailín Ó’S Non American here. Can someone explain to me the picture? SpeakethTheTruth Google the Watergate Scandal. Ailín Ó’S Enlightening. Cheers. Lucas Cannon Interesting Google Voice now opens with Project Fi. At least for me on my 5X... First time I've seen! Goodbye Hangouts! 😁 Lucas Cannon Nevermind... 😥 mcdonsco I've been wanting to port my number to GV but I'm REALLY worried about something going wrong during the port and losing my number. It's my business number which is tied to a LOT of advertising in addition to just previous/current clients spanning over a decade; would be a DISASTER for me ofming lost it. Anyone do the port from Verizon to GV recently that can share your experience? Amanasatree I'm in the same predicament as you, would love to know of others experience porting from Verizon toGV. Andromedo I did this in 2012, it was painless. I have had things get "weird" during porting NOT involving Google Voice (i.e. between the "major" carriers). Once you get the appropriate people on the phone, they've always been able to "save" it -- for what it is worth, I know AT&T has a dedicated port department that works out of the United States and they are quite capable. I imagine if you had any trouble getting it to Google, you could call Verizon, and swear that you were never going to leave them if they'd just put it back the way it was. You should be fine. Elaine L So that's what the problem was! I thought it was user error and lo, though I tried, I couldn't find those voice mails. Thanks, yer Mum. Ryne Hager It should only have messed with recordings. As long as things are set up correctly your voicemails should be working. If it's still being weird let me know. MisterAlex I haven't been able to record a Google Voice call in ages. You're supposed to just be able to press 4 during a call, right? Is it because I use Hangouts for my calls? Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 114 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 36 Plus 1 on G+ 81 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares171 Google News Rumors Advertising is very much a balancing act for websites these days. You want to make enough money from an ad-supported site to cover costs, but you don't want to annoy users to the point they block all your ads. Some websites don't seem to care how much they annoy you, though. Google is reportedly getting ready to take a stand against the worst ads on the web with a built in ad-blocker for Chrome. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google's ad-blocking feature could be turned on by default in the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. It would filter out only the ads Google deems unacceptable. That would cover things like pop-ups, auto-playing video ads, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers. Google may even build the feature such that it blocks all the ads on a site that serves one of these unacceptable ads. That would nudge website operators to get all their ads in order—after all, Chrome is a huge chunk of usage. Google has not commented on the Wall Street Journal's story, probably because it's still trying to figure out how to pitch the ad blocker (if it's real). This could be seen as an attempt to coerce website operators to only run Google's AdSense ads, which are guaranteed not to run afoul of Google's blocking policies. It's a risky direction for an advertising powerhouse like Google to go, but it might not see a better way to deal with the prevalence of ad-blocking. Source: WSJ Tags ad blocking ads chrome Google rumors subscribe ... Previous Story Google PhotoScan 1.4 makes glare removal optional, adds photo sharing ... Next Story HTC will announce its flagship 'U' on May 16th, complete with squeezable frame Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments ZettabyteGamer I hate the WSJ, but this is somewhat exciting news. AbbyZFresh What did WSJ do to you? Nathan J What did they do for you? The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which runs the propaganda arm of the Republican party in the US, better known as Fox News. Murdoch's interference in politics and opposition to freedom isn't limited to the US. I don't recall the details, but the EU or UK was about to kick him out for starting trouble over there a year or two ago. I'm not real big on politics, but I think a certain distrust of News Corp, to a point, is healthy and should not really be questioned. ZettabyteGamer Spread a lot of false information about YouTubers, and YouTube as a platform. They focus on clicks, and getting subscribers instead of accurate information reporting. Trooper311 Awesome. Josh Crumley Good. Those ones where you load a page and start reading then suddenly disappears and a fullscreen ad with a 5 "second" timer starts going that takes about 5 seconds *per* second...ugh (looking at you gawker media). I just hope they don't automatically assume all google ad placements are ok just because they're google ads. DozensOfUs If you read gawker sites, it means you're a liberal weenie and deserve to be annoyed. Josh Crumley It was a kotaku article about zelda breath of the wild... 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d88dd0554cbbcfbefae945805e94ca40e0596a9a2abfb8beb5f9b9b849ce1225.gif Martin The one that are making Sound and are pretty much impossible to close need to be first!!! (You won an iPhone - beeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep)... :) DragoCubed The vibrations! MJ Cool I guess but I recommend everyone just get a real ad blocker like uBlock Origin and be done with it. RyRyTheFunBun I begrudgingly use Dolphin on all my Android devices for the ad blocker. Their are better, but dolphin renders almost all sites correctly and is fast. freshprince_87 Chrome is better D.Smithee Are you kidding me? You're using that shitty adblocker add-on for Dolphin? That extension hasn't been updated in years. Just use Brave Browser for Android--it's essentially Chrome with adblocking, tracker blocking, HTTPS and fingerprinting protection with a few added necessities. Nathan J On mobile, just run a system-wide ad blocker. AdGuard on Android and AdBlock on iOS. Chrome works just fine with no ads seen anywhere. MJ Nothing wrong with Adguard but installing a whole app seems overkill when an browser add-on will do. I really have no interest in using Chrome on mobile. ZettabyteGamer What mobile browser do you use, our of curiosity? Necdet Ali Özdür Try Samsung Browser on mobile, it supports ad blocking. MJ I already have an ad blocker and no interest in the Samsung browser. LOL Hrishikesh Bisen Why? senor_heisenberg Noice, about time. Tom Erlandsen Google working on an ad-blocker? Now there's something I never expected to read haha JD Gotta finish off the competition somehow. They weren't going to do it by releasing polished products Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LOL, unfortunately, true. JG Does ChromeOS fall into the desktop category? or is this going to be browser only? kenspiracy ChromeOS would fall into the desktop category, yes. 4Ui812 Adgaurd for the win and the block. Untung Dwi Prasetyo Yes D.Smithee They make a great content blocker for Samsung browser--and let's face it, their Adguard VPN blocker for unrooted Android is a godsend. Johny M This is not good. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6fddce77432d41dfcd3c6f79fcc7fa1244c36a5ce08a0227a141e8521e57f3e.gif So the biggest online add company will punish websites that post "bad" commercials. What can go wrong with that? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. Google ad services monopoly, here we come. Necdet Ali Özdür It's been done before. I mean blocking "bad" commercials. Almost all browsers now have an option to block pop up pages. I consider this an extension of it. rockstarr27 Google will use it to block non google approved ads, furthering their monopoly. Predictable. 4Ui812 Bingo MaroonMushroom All of the bigger advertising companies would probably meet Google's standards without issue. I'm sure the bar will be set low enough to mostly target the full screen ads that say your Android phone has 6 memory viruses while it's vibrating at you. rockstarr27 "Google will only block the bad ads, they wouldn't ever try to make their ad blocking more dominant compared to competitors with this move." - Ah to be young and naive. LAMMJR O plz god yes, block those stupid ads that block chrome in android, spamming pop ups and using vibration saying my phone will be destroyed in x seconds if I don't install whaterver app they tell me to. Carson Saldanha Omg fr. I can't believe this is still a thing. Max I only can wish suffering to whoever developed those nasty ads. Nicoleckeys Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !su184c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !su184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketCubeGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!su184c:....,...... LOL Stop playing with yourself and these ads will disappear! Latheryin Ads will never be accepted by everyone. A lot of people see no use for them at all and will continue to block all ads. If they wanted commercials they can watch cable. Max Be careful with what you wish, the day ads die is the day everything will be paid on internet. TechGuy22 Like pirate don't exist lol Latheryin Yeah that will never happen. Even if it cuts people's use of the Internet by 65% that would not be a bad thing. And like TechGuy22 said. It will be broken. DragoCubed I can see a future with less outright box ads and ads that are hard to even tell that they are ads. Sponsored content and stuff. TechGuy22 Block these ads or the hijacked one on here specially https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1abd2d9979769332aaaefa91b671e6683737b8fb001f1b9b41820b6a94d1eee9.png Josh Crumley But look at this one weird trick I learned! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8c0b953c6e85700fbc7f7073a9f5ec68cb6a87dbf0c0afbca12b88428163ea5.png ilovetesla seriously , try it , its very good and a healthy tip for the phone internet never lies Bruce Wayne Those ads are annoying. They are usually served up by a company called Outbrain. DragoCubed Awesome sauce LOL So no more pussiеs and тiтs on the side bar? Damn.... Michael Hazell Never thought I'd see the day that Google would assume the role as an ad blocker, but honestly I appreciate them filtering those ads on mobile devices where it's like "your device has 6 million viruses, install to fix." Those are just cancer and needed to be blocked anyways. I've been such a heavy ad blocker that I forgot what it's like to deal with cancerous ads on the internet. xmascarroll For some reason, my stock V20 always gets "Android Alert! Your device, GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE, has xxx viruses! Run Android GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE Cleaner now!" D.Smithee We'll assume you didn't run said cleaner. ilovetesla then, follow the instructions, its a generic cleaner YuCMi Yes please! If this works the way it is described here, I'll turn off my indiscriminate adblocker. Dmitry Stepanushkin ADBlock. Problem solved 😂 Lord Argyris Somehow I'm categorizing this one in the "I'll believe it when I see it" category. It sounds an awful lot like an Outbrain story, which, incidentally enough, is one of the reasons people run ad blockers. That all said, these are the kinds of things I want to see blocked: -Anything that autoplays, makes noise, etc. -Anything that blinks, pops up, obscures the screen, or otherwise tries to distract me -Clickbait repos -Any and all forms of tracking--leave ad content selection up to the host site, or just push random ads The first two might be reasonably expected from a hypothetical Google ad blocker, but the third is questionable (the stories don't usually run afoul of the other criteria on the list; they're just trashy and take up page space and bandwidth). For the last one, however, I can barely hear myself typing over the laughter of the big ad companies (Google included). Tracking makes ads much more effective, and I don't see anything (apart from federal regulation, which has its own problems, not to mention scope limitations) that will ever manage to shove that genie back into the bottle. I'll play along with the rumor for a moment. What Google is likely doing here is protecting not just its ad revenue, but its ability to build up tracking data, which is immensely valuable. Trackers can be blocked by sufficiently motivated individuals, and third party extensions make this a lot easier. This is where Google wants to move in. By offering a basic solution to casual ad blockers, who just don't want to deal with the annoyance and page slowdown of heavily ad-infested sites, Google is ensuring that those tracking cookies are still set and that it (Google) and other third party ad companies can keep harvesting that data, even if people aren't seeing as many annoying ads. As an end user, this benefits me in some ways and hurts me in others. On the one hand, I feel like the presence of a Chrome-native, on-by-default blocker will bring about at least some progress on eradicating the Internet of the worst ad offenders, particularly if the penalty for non-compliance is that your site gets no revenue whatsoever from Chrome users who stick with the defaults. On the other hand, this will put the squeeze on more capable third party extensions that offer more granular control (as well as the ability to block more than just the ads themselves), which might drive some of them out of the market. Also, it abstracts the issue of tracking away from ad blocking--everybody can see the ads (and be creeped out at how relevant they are), but fewer people know about the tracking behind the scenes. If Google just makes some of the most annoying ads go away, many people will be satisfied, even if the tracking is still taking place. It also seems dangerously close to the sort of anticompetitive behavior commonly associated with late 90s-era Microsoft, since it's clear Google isn't being altruistic here. It's going to benefit from this initiative, and disproportionately to the other players in the market (both ad blockers and other ad companies). Notice what's not ever going to be blocked: Google-sourced ads. Everything else is theoretically fair game. Companies looking to advertise, as well as sites looking for ad revenue, will both be more confident in going with the Google ad platform than with competitors because they know that their ads will be compliant and that they won't risk losing revenue due to Google's ad blocker. We'll see how this shakes out. If a Chrome ad blocker is indeed under consideration, I suspect this information was purposely leaked to see what sort of reaction it gets. ast00 Block ads? Yes, please. Only accept AdSense? Oh hell no! (please link the gif) bozzykid The report says it will use the same "Acceptable Ads" that Adblock Plus supports so it wouldn't be accepting just Adsense. Cory Wilson I want to be rid of the stupid ads that take over the whole screen and say "congratulations we're giving away giftcards to users who live in , you have 5 minutes to redeem". you can't get out of them unless you close the window and reopen. Anonymous and what about adsense? D.Smithee It's good news--but a little too late, Google. I've been using a content blocker since the very early 2000's with Firefox. Now I use uBlock Origin with Chrome desktop. I came to the conclusion a LONG time ago that sites don't have our best interests at heart. Even the ones that proclaim they do. For me, ads/trackers/etc. became a security issue quite some time ago--I just can't trust sites, so I just block ALL ads/trackers/undesirable content. And if a site objects to it or blocks users using content blockers, I just get my information elsewhere. It's that simple. Branko So awesome. Will it eventually filter "hate speech" and "fake news" too Google? If you want to place in a mechanism for ad blocking, users must have control over it. Otherwise it's prone to abuse of self interests. Go fuck yourselves Google. Disphouf Thats funny, I changed Chrome with Brave browser because their adblocker Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.566s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
We go behind the curtain of Priscilla Queen of the Desert with photographer Nardus Engelbrecht and it’s magical! Iman Rappetti has bowed out of eNCA, saying she wants to read more bedtime stories for her little girl News Gossip Movies News Reviews Opening Soon TV News TV Guide Soapie Updates Music News Local Music Reviews Rocking the Daisies Viral Paparazzi Competitions Bloke The Juice Follow us WATCH: Anne Hathaway turns Google translated songs into masterpieces 2017-04-20 05:00   Anne Hathaway sings Google translated songs. (Screengrab: YouTube/ The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon) Also Check Out {{item.title}} Cape Town – Anne Hathaway just took Google translated songs to a whole new level! It’s no secret that Google Translate doesn’t always interpret languages perfectly so, when Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon invited the Les Misérables actress to sing songs that had been translated, it was definitely going to be entertaining. Anne put her vocal chops on full display when singing The Weeknd’s Can’t Feel My Face, which had been translated to "My Front Is Not Felt" and she absolutely nailed it! Without skipping a beat, you would think the lyrics of the chorus were always: "What I've affection with saying and told me in your presence / My front is not felt hey it is good, hey it is good, yes." Watch Anne nail more Google translate songs here: Read more on:    jimmy fallon  |  anne hathaway  |  music  |  celebrities  |  viral Email article Print article GET CHANNEL24 ON: Your mobile Your Facebook profile Wild Card {{item.title}} {{publishtime}} {{item.description}} Read More » inside channel 24 Music News Sweet sounds. Hollywood News International scoop. Soapie Updates What to watch. Local News Proudly SA. Koos Kombuis Interview. CT Jazz Fest Line-up. Stelth Ulvang Interview. Francois van Coke New video. Most ReadEditor's Choice 5 hilarious tweets from Hlaudi Motsoeneng's press conference Hlaudi praises his 90% plan and the crowd goes wild PICS: 10 local celebs 10 years ago 12 hilarious reasons people have been blocked by Bonang 7de Laan welcomes first transgender actress to the show 8 WTF facts about The Bachelor that are just cray cray! 6 delightful shows to watch online this Easter weekend PICS: British DJ hosts world's highest party on Everest WATCH: Desmond and the Tutus go big in Japan OMG! This ex-7de Laan actor is a total hunk now!   What to Read Next 0{{i+1}} {{item.title}} You’ve got mail! Sign-up to our newsletter and get the hottest news delivered to your inbox! GO Men Women Search Baieliefdevol I'm a 42 year old man looking to meet women between the ages of 32 and 42. View profile Craig2709 I'm a 47 year old man looking to meet women between the ages of 38 and 51. View profile McLoving_01 I'm a 40 year old man looking to meet women between the ages of 25 and 37. View profile View More... Bubbles9319 I'm a 24 year old woman looking to meet men between the ages of 18 and 100. View profile Blondi_534 I'm a 44 year old woman looking to meet men between the ages of 40 and 55. View profile Lizzy83 I'm a 34 year old woman looking to meet men between the ages of 31 and 37. View profile View More... Love 2 Meet Jobs - Find your dream job C# Developer Pretoria East Quality Select R20 000 - R30 000 Per Month Customer Analytics Johannesburg E-Volving Payroll and HR Assistant (6 month contract) – Sandton Sandton . R35 000 Per Year Browse more jobs... Nelspruit Jobs Durban Jobs George Jobs Healthcare Jobs Hotel Jobs Accounting Jobs Register your CV... Advertise a position Job alert e-mails... Property - Find a new home HOUSES FOR SALE IN Alberton, Brackenhurst HousesR 2 250 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Roodepoort, Weltevredenpark HousesR 1 849 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Pretoria, Brooklyn HousesR 3 190 000 Entertainment News PICS: 10 local celebs 10 years ago WATCH: Harry Styles cements his solo career with this SNL performance PIC: Serena Williams debuts baby bump Music WATCH: Harry Styles cements his solo career with this SNL performance 5 things we learned about Harry Styles from his Rolling Stone interview Police investigating club fight involving singer Chris Brown Movies Raunchy new flick releases risky trailer PICS: Josh Brolin preps for his Deadpool 2 role The Bellas to sing their final song in Pitch Perfect 3 TV Hlaudi: RSG urgently needs to be transformed Hlaudi praises his 90% plan and the crowd goes wild 7de Laan welcomes first transgender actress to the show Celebrities PIC: Serena Williams debuts baby bump Janet Jackson’s creative director lashes out about split Get ready! Kylie and Kim are teaming up! NEXT ON CHANNELX WATCH: This viral vid of firefighters rapping is flaming! 2017-04-12 06:00 ©2017 24.com. All rights reserved. Legal notices · Advertise on 24.com · About Us · Contact Us There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.     NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Find your perfect match now! I am a: Woman Man Looking for: Women Men Men & Women Age Range: 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 to 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Google, the world's top advertising company, is building an ad blocker for Chrome 1.7k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: justin sullivan/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-04-20 02:35:55 UTC Google, the internet's biggest advertising company, may be building an ad blocker. The search giant plans to roll out a feature in the next mobile version of its Chrome browser that would filter out certain types of ads, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.  SEE ALSO: Top ad blocker seeks 'ordinary user' to decide which ads die Such a tool seems at odds with the company's primary revenue source, but Google thinks that it could actually deter people from resorting to other blockers in the long run, according to the report. By targeting only the most disruptive ad formats — pop-ups, interstitials, and autoplay videos, for instance — the hope is that less people will be driven to third-party software. Google already ostensibly bans many of these types of ads anyway. Regardless, the move would no doubt cause controversy among an industry locked in a fierce battle with the growing tide of ad-blocking software. The Interactive Advertising Bureau, an industry trade group of which Google is a member, has likened the cottage industry of ad-blocking companies to "highway robbery," "terrorists," and "inner city crack dealers" on various occasions. An ad blocker could also bolster Google's already-enormous power in the digital ads market, on which it and Facebook currently have a duopoly. Were it to be widely adopted, the company would also be the arbiter of all ads people see. There's a good chance that sort of arrangement would catch the attention of antitrust regulators, however. Google reportedly plans to base its filter on the standards for non-intrusive advertising set by the Coalition for Better Advertising. While desktop ad blocking continues to grow in popularity worldwide, its mobile form has yet to catch on much outside of Asia.   Google Chrome is the top mobile browser in the world with a market share of a little more than half. WATCH: The new Google Earth puts stunning Earth porn right in Chrome   Topics: ad blocking, Advertising, Business, Google, google chrome About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryMoto G5 Plus on Verizon Can’t Call 911 With VoLTE Enabled, Fix Incoming by Kellex on Apr 19, 2017 @droid_life Apps News Home Share this Story Report: Google Chrome Getting Ad Blocker to Kill Bad Ads According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, Google, an ad company, is considering putting an ad blocker in its Chrome internet browser on mobile and desktop. The ad blocker won’t be a full blocker, though, but rather a blocker that targets unacceptable ads that likely ruin your experience as you dance around the web.  The WSJ is under the impression that Google is readying the feature and could have it ready within weeks, assuming they do launch it because they could still scrap it altogether. So wait, why would an ad company want to block ads? The thought here is that unacceptable or bad ads are ruining the experience for people who are then looking for full ad blockers to rid their lives of ads. If Google can block only the obnoxious types, then maybe ad blocker installations will stop increasing and the web won’t be so filthy with just Google’s ads in place. It’s kind of a wild idea, but hey, it makes some sense. The types of unacceptable ads that Google could look to block or those that pop-up, auto-play video with sound, or are a prestitial, which would be those f*cking terrible ads that pop-up as you load a site and feature a countdown before you can even get onto the actual content you came for. Yeah, I hate those and that’s why you’ve never seen them on Droid Life. I guess we’ll find out pretty quickly if Google is going forward with this. Via: Wall Street Journal Post navigation Previous StoryMoto G5 Plus on Verizon Can’t Call 911 With VoLTE Enabled, Fix Incoming calvin35 This may not be a bad idea by Google. I’m one of those people that use ad blockers to block all ads because of the really bad ones. I’m willing to deal with ads but all the popup ads and auto playing video ads were just too much to deal with. Drew These are “fake ads” lol jamaall Please. Please block those ads that scroll up on you as you try to read an article. I always swat them away like a fly; they’re as annoying as one. KOLIO If Google would just put a stop to the CleanMaster ads on mobile,I’d consider the spam battle half-won…………………….. Bryan I may uninstall my adblocker if this is true. William_Morris “The thought here is that unacceptable or bad ads are ruining the experience for people who are then looking for full ad blockers to rid their lives of ads.” So you mean like all ads then, right? Because it is my opinion that all ads are unacceptable or bad. Let me know when they block all ads. Then we’ll be in business. Kellex B Thanks so much for supporting our site. Let me know how your job goes when you don’t get paid for the work you do. William_Morris Kellen, this is not an affornt to you, I am negative to all advertising everywhere and like I said, this is my opinion. I like this site. If you offered a subscription-based service that was ad-free, I’d be willing to take up on that. Not that I haven’t said it before. bhayes444 It’d be a bit difficult for them to let you know that as they’d run out of money to run the site. William_Morris Not wishing that for Droid-Life and have said on more than one occasion (including above) that I’d be willing to pay for an ad-free experience to this site. deepbellybutton So I’m curious, since you’ve got the world by the balls, what company do you run and how many people do you employ? You’re clearly highly educated in business — gotta be Wharton, HBS, or maybe Tuck? William_Morris I don’t think you’re actually curious but let us reason together. I’m sure businesses work very hard to spend their advertising dollar to make lemmings out of millions (if not billions) of people and are very effective at it while making even more money. I’m just that small niche who isn’t buying what they have to sell, so to speak. The best advertising I afford any product is word of mouth from those around me I trust or by my own personal, positive experience. The rampant commercialism that extends beyond just ads on a website drives the very heart of how media is consumed and saturates so many aspects of our lives that we no longer think for ourselves but are instead told to think as we should, buy as we are ‘convinced,’ and consume as we are exposed to (read up on the mere exposure effect). So, were I in such a business that needs that driving force I would utilize it; as I’m a thinking, reasoning adult with enough sense to look past the obnoxious, prolific BS to get to the very heart of what I’m looking for, I’ll take advantage of what options are available, including those things that block ads or paying for a subscription service to eliminate ads all-together. Rod Then, get ready to pay for Gmail, search, maps, YouTube, Android, etc William_Morris Gmail is already data mining so don’t tell me at least SOME of its compensation comes from there, YouTube advertises already so once again paying for itself with unskippable ads on some of the videos and even has subscriptions like YouTube Music and YouTube Red, Android is open-source so to argue about funding for it is kinda moot since they went the open-domain route, Google as a search engine sky-rocketed to fame due to its minimalist NON-advertising front page nature (later enhancing its wealth building prowess through the way it advertised, no denial, but then again, I have regular Chrome ad-blocked so even their type of advertising by putting recommendations first when using search is completely swept away). Drew Chapman I switched to Opera for this exact reason. So if Chromes Ad Blocking is as good I’ll be able to switch back! Ryan N … But… bad ads are 90% of DL revenue… ;-P https://media.giphy.com/media/14aUO0Mf7dWDXW/giphy.gif Kellex B We’re actually incredibly light on ads compared to almost every other tech site on the planet. And we sure as hell don’t show popups, auto play video with audio, and prestitials. tnt I agree with you, I just still wish y’all would ditch the Taboola/Revcontent ads or replace them with something else. Kellex B Yeah those are awful, 100% agree. Give me a few more weeks and I’ll think you’ll find a nice change. Problem is this aged themed that won’t be here much longer. tnt Awesome! JBz007 Something with less yoga butt in the air would be nice. My wife thinks Droid life is some soft core porn site lol gvanmeter I just come here for the ad with the yoga pic. Ryan N If all the other tech sites jumped off a bridge… Just playin. Yeah, you guys aren’t that bad… I just saw the “What your cable company doesn’t want you to know” thing for the zillionth time and something came over me. Ha Brendafsmith Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj187: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj187: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash187HomeSmartGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj187:….,…. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Opinion BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The evidence is piling up — Silicon Valley is being destroyed Matt Stoller, Contributor Apr. 19, 2017, 3:43 PM 54,546 facebook linkedin twitter email print Doug Evans, founder of Juicero. Juicero Matt Stoller is a fellow at the Open Markets Program at New America. Silicon Valley is the story of overthrowing entrenched interests through innovation. Children dream of becoming inventors, and scientists come to Silicon Valley from all over the world. But something is wrong when Juicero and Theranos are in the headlines, and bad behavior from Uber executives overshadows actual innovation. $120 million in venture funding from Google Ventures and Kleiner Perkins, for a juicer? And the founder, Doug Evans, calling himself himself Steve Jobs "in his pursuit of juicing perfection?" And how is Theranos's Elizabeth Holmes walking around freely? Eventually, the rhetoric of innovation turns into .... a Google-backed punchline. These stories are embarrassing, yes. But there's something deeper going on here. Silicon Valley, an international treasure that birthed the technology of our age, is being destroyed. Monopolies are now so powerful that they dictate the roll-out of new technology, and the only things left to invest in are the scraps that fall off the table. Sometimes those scraps are Snapchat, which managed to keep alive, despite what Ben Thompson calls 'theft' by Facebook. Sometimes it's Diapers.com, which was destroyed and bought out by Amazon through predatory pricing. And sometimes it's Juicero and Theranos. It's not that Juicero and Theranos that are the problem. Mistakes — even really big, stupid ones — happen. Business Insider/Alyson Shontell It's that there is increasingly less good stuff to offset the bad. Pets.com was embarrassing in 2000, but that was also when Google was getting going. Today it's all scraps. When platform monopolies dictate the roll-out of technology, there is less and less innovation, fewer places to invest, less to invent. Eventually, the rhetoric of innovation turns into DISRUPT, a quickly canceled show on MSNBC, and Juicero, a Google-backed punchline. This moment of stagnating innovation and productivity is happening because Silicon Valley has turned its back on its most important political friend: antitrust. Instead, it's embraced what it should understand as the enemy of innovation: monopoly. As Barry Lynn has shown, Silicon Valley was born of anti-monopoly. Elizabeth Holmes, CEO of Theranos. Larry Busacca/Getty In 1956, a Republican administration and AT&T signed a consent decree forbidding AT&T from competing in any but common carrier communications services. The decree also forced AT&T to license its patents in a non-discriminatory manner to all comers. One of those patents was for something called the transistor, which two small companies — Texas Instruments and Motorola — would commercialize.  In the 1990s, a suit against Microsoft allowed another startup named Google to offer an innovative search engine. In the 1960s and 1970s, an antitrust suit against IBM caused the company to unbundle its hardware and software, leading to the creation of the American software industry. It treated suppliers for its new personal computing business with kid gloves, including a small company called Micro-Soft. In the 1990s, a suit against Microsoft allowed another startup named Google to offer an innovative search engine and ad business without fear that Microsoft would use its control of the browser to strangle it.  The great business historian Alfred Chandler, in his book on the electronic century, called antitrust regulators the "Gods" of creation. Antitrust was originally understood as a uniquely American "charter of economic liberty". But there hasn't been a Sherman Act Section 2 anti-monopolization case for 15 years. And the anti-merger Clayton Act is not being enforced. Neither Bush, nor Obama, nor Trump (so far), has seen fit to stop the monopolists from buying their way into dominance and blocking innovation.  Take Google. Sergey Brin is the President of Alphabet, Google's parent company. Robert Galbraith/Reuters Yes, the company created an amazing search engine over fifteen years ago. Since then, the company bought YouTube, Doubleclick, Maps, and Admob; it buys a company a week at this point. And it often shuts down products that don't reach 100M+ users, while investing in luxury juicing machines. Surely Google is creating cool technology. But is that technology really being deployed? Or is it locked away, as patents were in AT&T's 1956 vault before the government stepped in? What once were upstarts and innovators are now enthroned. For instance, the iPhone is ten years old. Innovation means waiting to see if Apple will offer a bigger screen. Innovation means waiting to see if Apple will offer a bigger screen. It's almost as thrilling as seeing yet another press release about how self-driving cars are almost working. I'm on the edge of my seat. This is a ridiculous situation. Silicon Valley helped created the personal computer! It commercialized the internet! Popularized email! Its scientists and engineers change the world. We have such amazing technology, and such big problems. But our liberty to address those problems in the commercial world must be protected by a democracy in the form of antitrust rules and suits, or Silicon Valley will die.  Mark Wilson/Getty Images Is that what Silicon Valley scientists and business leaders really want? To invest in and produce subpar juicers while everything cool waits on Jeff Bezos's whim? Is that what they dreamed when they were young? Is that why they admired astronauts and entrepreneurs? Was their goal really to create "anti-competitive juice packet lock-in"? That is where a lack of democracy has brought us, and Silicon Valley. It is time for leaders in Silicon Valley to start demanding from our government the birthright of every American, which is an open market for commerce, innovation, and personal liberty. It is time to demand antitrust, so that what once were innovative upstarts, and are now Kings, do not stop the next wave of innovation. Then there will be so much more to invest in, so much more to invent, and so much more to actually create. Matt Stoller is a fellow at the Open Markets Program at New America. He first shared a version of this story on Twitter. The original tweets are below.  Screenshot/Twitter Screenshot/Twitter This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Business Insider. SEE ALSO: LinkedIn's billionaire founder Reid Hoffman explains the difference between China and Silicon Valley NOW WATCH: This Silicon Valley school shuns technology — yet most of the students are children of tech execs Loading video... More: Contributor Silicon Valley Op-Ed facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The evidence is piling up — Silicon Valley is being destroyed The evidence is piling up — Silicon Valley is being destroyed Matt Stoller is a fellow at the Open Markets... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Opinion Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google might introduce its own ad-blocking feature in Chrome Newsby Brian Reigh4 hours ago 21 384 9 People familiar with Google’s plans say that the move is to provide better experiences for users and to prevent the growth of third-party ad-blocking apps. See also: Google updates Chrome to get rid of those pesky website page jumps 1 week ago According to The Wall Street Journal, Google might be working on its own ad-blocking feature, which could come enabled by default within the mobile and desktop versions of its Chrome web browser. Its sources claim that this feature could be announced officially within weeks, but there is also the possibility that Google may not go ahead with the plan. I know, so this means nothing. Essentially, the search giant wants to two things out of this: to provide better user experiences and to put an end to the growth of third-party ad-blocking add-ons. Although Google’s decision to add an ad-blocking feature right inside Chrome may seem counter-intuitive since the company’s revenue is dependent on online advertisements, people familiar with the plans stated that it’s a defensive move. Essentially, the search giant wants to two things out of this: to provide better user experiences and to put an end to the growth of third-party ad-blocking add-ons. Third-party apps and add-ons that offer ad-blocking features have seen significant growth over the last few years, with some offering paid services to advertising companies which let their ads go through this “wall.” It is said that Google’s approach would focus on unacceptable ad types that violate the recently-released list of ad standards. Published by the Coalition for Better Ads, the list deems pop-ups, auto-playing video ads with sound, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers intrusive and “beneath a threshold of consumer acceptability.” The twist is, however, that Google may choose to block all ads on sites that contain any “unacceptable” ad, even just one, making it the site owners’ job to make sure the ads on their websites meet the standards. As expected, Google declined to comment on the matter, but given Chrome’s market share in the US – which is nearing 50 percent – and given the fact that a significant portion of Google’s revenue comes from online advertising, it’ll be interesting to see how Google plans to implement its own ad-blocking feature into Chrome and the fate of third-party add-ons. What are your thoughts on Google’s very own ad-blocking feature? Do you think it’ll happen? Will it make any difference? Let us know! News Google Chrome Google Chrome  Wall Street Journal Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news and features. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile phones. He is a recent alum of Dartmouth College and is currently in law school. Show 21 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 International Giveaway! 4 days ago107 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 36 Plus 1 on G+ 81 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares171 Google News Rumors Advertising is very much a balancing act for websites these days. You want to make enough money from an ad-supported site to cover costs, but you don't want to annoy users to the point they block all your ads. Some websites don't seem to care how much they annoy you, though. Google is reportedly getting ready to take a stand against the worst ads on the web with a built in ad-blocker for Chrome. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google's ad-blocking feature could be turned on by default in the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. It would filter out only the ads Google deems unacceptable. That would cover things like pop-ups, auto-playing video ads, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers. Google may even build the feature such that it blocks all the ads on a site that serves one of these unacceptable ads. That would nudge website operators to get all their ads in order—after all, Chrome is a huge chunk of usage. Google has not commented on the Wall Street Journal's story, probably because it's still trying to figure out how to pitch the ad blocker (if it's real). This could be seen as an attempt to coerce website operators to only run Google's AdSense ads, which are guaranteed not to run afoul of Google's blocking policies. It's a risky direction for an advertising powerhouse like Google to go, but it might not see a better way to deal with the prevalence of ad-blocking. Source: WSJ Tags ad blocking ads chrome Google rumors subscribe ... Previous Story Google PhotoScan 1.4 makes glare removal optional, adds photo sharing ... Next Story HTC will announce its flagship 'U' on May 16th, complete with squeezable frame Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments ZettabyteGamer I hate the WSJ, but this is somewhat exciting news. AbbyZFresh What did WSJ do to you? Nathan J What did they do for you? The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which runs the propaganda arm of the Republican party in the US, better known as Fox News. Murdoch's interference in politics and opposition to freedom isn't limited to the US. I don't recall the details, but the EU or UK was about to kick him out for starting trouble over there a year or two ago. I'm not real big on politics, but I think a certain distrust of News Corp, to a point, is healthy and should not really be questioned. ZettabyteGamer Spread a lot of false information about YouTubers, and YouTube as a platform. They focus on clicks, and getting subscribers instead of accurate information reporting. Trooper311 Awesome. Josh Crumley Good. Those ones where you load a page and start reading then suddenly disappears and a fullscreen ad with a 5 "second" timer starts going that takes about 5 seconds *per* second...ugh (looking at you gawker media). I just hope they don't automatically assume all google ad placements are ok just because they're google ads. DozensOfUs If you read gawker sites, it means you're a liberal weenie and deserve to be annoyed. Josh Crumley It was a kotaku article about zelda breath of the wild... 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d88dd0554cbbcfbefae945805e94ca40e0596a9a2abfb8beb5f9b9b849ce1225.gif Martin The one that are making Sound and are pretty much impossible to close need to be first!!! (You won an iPhone - beeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep)... :) DragoCubed The vibrations! MJ Cool I guess but I recommend everyone just get a real ad blocker like uBlock Origin and be done with it. RyRyTheFunBun I begrudgingly use Dolphin on all my Android devices for the ad blocker. Their are better, but dolphin renders almost all sites correctly and is fast. freshprince_87 Chrome is better D.Smithee Are you kidding me? You're using that shitty adblocker add-on for Dolphin? That extension hasn't been updated in years. Just use Brave Browser for Android--it's essentially Chrome with adblocking, tracker blocking, HTTPS and fingerprinting protection with a few added necessities. Nathan J On mobile, just run a system-wide ad blocker. AdGuard on Android and AdBlock on iOS. Chrome works just fine with no ads seen anywhere. MJ Nothing wrong with Adguard but installing a whole app seems overkill when an browser add-on will do. I really have no interest in using Chrome on mobile. ZettabyteGamer What mobile browser do you use, our of curiosity? Necdet Ali Özdür Try Samsung Browser on mobile, it supports ad blocking. MJ I already have an ad blocker and no interest in the Samsung browser. LOL Hrishikesh Bisen Why? senor_heisenberg Noice, about time. Tom Erlandsen Google working on an ad-blocker? Now there's something I never expected to read haha JD Gotta finish off the competition somehow. They weren't going to do it by releasing polished products Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LOL, unfortunately, true. JG Does ChromeOS fall into the desktop category? or is this going to be browser only? kenspiracy ChromeOS would fall into the desktop category, yes. 4Ui812 Adgaurd for the win and the block. Untung Dwi Prasetyo Yes D.Smithee They make a great content blocker for Samsung browser--and let's face it, their Adguard VPN blocker for unrooted Android is a godsend. Johny M This is not good. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6fddce77432d41dfcd3c6f79fcc7fa1244c36a5ce08a0227a141e8521e57f3e.gif So the biggest online add company will punish websites that post "bad" commercials. What can go wrong with that? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. Google ad services monopoly, here we come. Necdet Ali Özdür It's been done before. I mean blocking "bad" commercials. Almost all browsers now have an option to block pop up pages. I consider this an extension of it. rockstarr27 Google will use it to block non google approved ads, furthering their monopoly. Predictable. 4Ui812 Bingo MaroonMushroom All of the bigger advertising companies would probably meet Google's standards without issue. I'm sure the bar will be set low enough to mostly target the full screen ads that say your Android phone has 6 memory viruses while it's vibrating at you. rockstarr27 "Google will only block the bad ads, they wouldn't ever try to make their ad blocking more dominant compared to competitors with this move." - Ah to be young and naive. LAMMJR O plz god yes, block those stupid ads that block chrome in android, spamming pop ups and using vibration saying my phone will be destroyed in x seconds if I don't install whaterver app they tell me to. Carson Saldanha Omg fr. I can't believe this is still a thing. Max I only can wish suffering to whoever developed those nasty ads. Nicoleckeys Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !su184c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !su184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketCubeGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!su184c:....,...... LOL Stop playing with yourself and these ads will disappear! Latheryin Ads will never be accepted by everyone. A lot of people see no use for them at all and will continue to block all ads. If they wanted commercials they can watch cable. Max Be careful with what you wish, the day ads die is the day everything will be paid on internet. TechGuy22 Like pirate don't exist lol Latheryin Yeah that will never happen. Even if it cuts people's use of the Internet by 65% that would not be a bad thing. And like TechGuy22 said. It will be broken. DragoCubed I can see a future with less outright box ads and ads that are hard to even tell that they are ads. Sponsored content and stuff. TechGuy22 Block these ads or the hijacked one on here specially https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1abd2d9979769332aaaefa91b671e6683737b8fb001f1b9b41820b6a94d1eee9.png Josh Crumley But look at this one weird trick I learned! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8c0b953c6e85700fbc7f7073a9f5ec68cb6a87dbf0c0afbca12b88428163ea5.png ilovetesla seriously , try it , its very good and a healthy tip for the phone internet never lies Bruce Wayne Those ads are annoying. They are usually served up by a company called Outbrain. DragoCubed Awesome sauce LOL So no more pussiеs and тiтs on the side bar? Damn.... Michael Hazell Never thought I'd see the day that Google would assume the role as an ad blocker, but honestly I appreciate them filtering those ads on mobile devices where it's like "your device has 6 million viruses, install to fix." Those are just cancer and needed to be blocked anyways. I've been such a heavy ad blocker that I forgot what it's like to deal with cancerous ads on the internet. xmascarroll For some reason, my stock V20 always gets "Android Alert! Your device, GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE, has xxx viruses! Run Android GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE Cleaner now!" D.Smithee We'll assume you didn't run said cleaner. ilovetesla then, follow the instructions, its a generic cleaner YuCMi Yes please! If this works the way it is described here, I'll turn off my indiscriminate adblocker. Dmitry Stepanushkin ADBlock. Problem solved 😂 Lord Argyris Somehow I'm categorizing this one in the "I'll believe it when I see it" category. It sounds an awful lot like an Outbrain story, which, incidentally enough, is one of the reasons people run ad blockers. That all said, these are the kinds of things I want to see blocked: -Anything that autoplays, makes noise, etc. -Anything that blinks, pops up, obscures the screen, or otherwise tries to distract me -Clickbait repos -Any and all forms of tracking--leave ad content selection up to the host site, or just push random ads The first two might be reasonably expected from a hypothetical Google ad blocker, but the third is questionable (the stories don't usually run afoul of the other criteria on the list; they're just trashy and take up page space and bandwidth). For the last one, however, I can barely hear myself typing over the laughter of the big ad companies (Google included). Tracking makes ads much more effective, and I don't see anything (apart from federal regulation, which has its own problems, not to mention scope limitations) that will ever manage to shove that genie back into the bottle. I'll play along with the rumor for a moment. What Google is likely doing here is protecting not just its ad revenue, but its ability to build up tracking data, which is immensely valuable. Trackers can be blocked by sufficiently motivated individuals, and third party extensions make this a lot easier. This is where Google wants to move in. By offering a basic solution to casual ad blockers, who just don't want to deal with the annoyance and page slowdown of heavily ad-infested sites, Google is ensuring that those tracking cookies are still set and that it (Google) and other third party ad companies can keep harvesting that data, even if people aren't seeing as many annoying ads. As an end user, this benefits me in some ways and hurts me in others. On the one hand, I feel like the presence of a Chrome-native, on-by-default blocker will bring about at least some progress on eradicating the Internet of the worst ad offenders, particularly if the penalty for non-compliance is that your site gets no revenue whatsoever from Chrome users who stick with the defaults. On the other hand, this will put the squeeze on more capable third party extensions that offer more granular control (as well as the ability to block more than just the ads themselves), which might drive some of them out of the market. Also, it abstracts the issue of tracking away from ad blocking--everybody can see the ads (and be creeped out at how relevant they are), but fewer people know about the tracking behind the scenes. If Google just makes some of the most annoying ads go away, many people will be satisfied, even if the tracking is still taking place. It also seems dangerously close to the sort of anticompetitive behavior commonly associated with late 90s-era Microsoft, since it's clear Google isn't being altruistic here. It's going to benefit from this initiative, and disproportionately to the other players in the market (both ad blockers and other ad companies). Notice what's not ever going to be blocked: Google-sourced ads. Everything else is theoretically fair game. Companies looking to advertise, as well as sites looking for ad revenue, will both be more confident in going with the Google ad platform than with competitors because they know that their ads will be compliant and that they won't risk losing revenue due to Google's ad blocker. We'll see how this shakes out. If a Chrome ad blocker is indeed under consideration, I suspect this information was purposely leaked to see what sort of reaction it gets. ast00 Block ads? Yes, please. Only accept AdSense? Oh hell no! (please link the gif) bozzykid The report says it will use the same "Acceptable Ads" that Adblock Plus supports so it wouldn't be accepting just Adsense. Cory Wilson I want to be rid of the stupid ads that take over the whole screen and say "congratulations we're giving away giftcards to users who live in , you have 5 minutes to redeem". you can't get out of them unless you close the window and reopen. Anonymous and what about adsense? D.Smithee It's good news--but a little too late, Google. I've been using a content blocker since the very early 2000's with Firefox. Now I use uBlock Origin with Chrome desktop. I came to the conclusion a LONG time ago that sites don't have our best interests at heart. Even the ones that proclaim they do. For me, ads/trackers/etc. became a security issue quite some time ago--I just can't trust sites, so I just block ALL ads/trackers/undesirable content. And if a site objects to it or blocks users using content blockers, I just get my information elsewhere. It's that simple. Branko So awesome. Will it eventually filter "hate speech" and "fake news" too Google? If you want to place in a mechanism for ad blocking, users must have control over it. Otherwise it's prone to abuse of self interests. Go fuck yourselves Google. Disphouf Thats funny, I changed Chrome with Brave browser because their adblocker Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.566s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft brings new firmware update to Surface Pro 3 21 minutes ago Fatal Fury 2 and Over Top arrive on the Xbox One 37 minutes ago Discuss: What do you think of the Windows 10 Creators Update for PCs? 1 hour ago Fifth Avenue Apple Store's glass cube will be dismantled for 45,000 square foot expansion 1 hour ago View all recent news Microsoft brings new firmware update to Surface Pro 3 21 minutes ago Discuss: What do you think of the Windows 10 Creators Update for PCs? 1 hour ago Yet again, Microsoft offers four months of free service to new Groove Music Pass subscribers 2 hours ago Xbox One Insider Preview build 15063.3022 is available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 3 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google pushed a "confidential internal" Android security update to some Pixel XL handsets 4 hours ago Google is reportedly building its own ad-blocker into Chrome 4 hours ago Google Chrome 58 released, now available for download 12 hours ago Instagram's Android app now has an offline mode 17 hours ago View all Google news Fifth Avenue Apple Store's glass cube will be dismantled for 45,000 square foot expansion 1 hour ago Report corroborates Anniversary Edition iPhone rumors: AMOLED screen, radical redesign 20 hours ago Apple's iMac Pro alleged specs get detailed in new report, slated to arrive later this year Apr 19, 2017 'Your Timeline' feature from Google Maps comes to iOS Apr 18, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 58 released, now available for download 12 hours ago CCleaner 5.29.6033 12 hours ago Firefox 53.0 13 hours ago SecureAPlus 4.6.0 13 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi 4A review: Probably the best low end smartphone for now Apr 17, 2017 HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life Apr 14, 2017 Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Microsoft releases Visual Studio 2017 Preview 15.2 - here's what's changed 20 hours ago Now the Chinese Microsoft Store is selling an Android phone too Apr 19, 2017 AMD RX 480 GPU can be upgraded into an RX 580 with a BIOS flash 10 hours ago Samsung reportedly begins Android 7.0 Nougat rollout to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge in India 11 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 81% off a lifetime subscription to Unblock All - get for just $39 via Neowin Deals 18 hours ago Get this 8-course Complete Computer Science Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Apr 18, 2017 Get a lifetime subscription to VPN Unlimited for just $39 via Neowin Deals Apr 17, 2017 Get the Citrix Xen Cloud Mastery Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals (96% off) Apr 14, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google is reportedly building its own ad-blocker into Chrome By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · 4 hours ago with 13 comments Google is reportedly planning to integrate an ad-blocker into its Chrome web browser - a move that would present some interesting implications for digital advertising companies, online publishers, and for Google itself. According to The Wall Street Journal, Google - which makes most of its money from online ads - intends to enable its ad-blocker by default in the desktop and mobile versions of its hugely popular browser, which has almost 60% share of the desktop browser market. At first glance, it might appear that Google would be shooting itself in the foot with such an unusual decision. But the report claims that Google isn't interested in 'blanket' blocks for all online ads. Rather, it seems the company intends to target "unacceptable ads", identified under guidelines established by the Coalition for Better Ads, of which Google is a member. Ads that are deemed unacceptable in some way - for example, pop-up countdowns that force you to view an ad before the page loads, or auto-playing videos - would end up being blocked by the browser. Citing unnamed sources, the report also claims that Google is still considering how best to implement its plans. "One possible application" would involve blocking every ad on a site if just a single ad on one of its pages failed to comply with the requirements for what is considered "acceptable". If it goes ahead with its plans as rumored, Google would instantly become the world's largest ad-blocker, while at the same time remaining the world's largest provider of online ads, giving it an extraordinary amount of control over the global ad market, while potentially undermining existing services such as AdBlock Plus. Google could potentially generate additional revenue through its ad-blocker by offering a similar 'paid whitelist' program to AdBlock Plus, which allows advertisers to pay for their "respectful and useful" ads to continue appearing on web pages even with the ad-blocker enabled. Please note: If you use ad-blocking software we would greatly appreciate it if you whitelisted Neowin. Advertising enables us to continue the Neowin community. Neowin offers low-cost subscriptions, which support us while removing advertising without the need for extra software. You'll also see fewer ads across the site if you register (free!) as a member and log in. Source: The Wall Street Journal Tags Google Chrome Ad-blocking Web browser Whitelist Advertising Online advertising Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story LG's V20 successor could arrive with a curved display Next Story Google pushed a "confidential internal" Android security update to some Pixel XL handsets Community Activity Refresh Microsoft brings new firmware update to Surface Pro 3 in Front Page News Google is reportedly building its own ad-blocker into Chrome in Front Page News Microsoft cuts 40% off Windows 10 tablet with stylus and 10.1-inch Full HD screen; now $149 in Front Page News Fatal Fury 2 and Over Top arrive on the Xbox One in Front Page News Discuss: What do you think of the Windows 10 Creators Update for PCs? in Front Page News Samsung's Galaxy Book with Windows 10 priced from $630 for 10.6-inch, $1,130 for 12-inch in Front Page News Best way to get payment from client in Canada to USA? No Paypal in General Discussion AMD RX 480 GPU can be upgraded into an RX 580 with a BIOS flash in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Microsoft releases Visual Studio 2017 Preview 15.2 - here's what's changed 20 hours ago with 6 comments Now the Chinese Microsoft Store is selling an Android phone too Apr 19, 2017 with 12 comments AMD RX 480 GPU can be upgraded into an RX 580 with a BIOS flash 10 hours ago with 17 comments Samsung reportedly begins Android 7.0 Nougat rollout to Galaxy S6 and S6 edge in India 11 hours ago with 0 comments Related Stories Google Chrome 58 released, now available for download 11 hours ago Google Chrome 57.0.2987.133 Mar 29, 2017 Google Chrome 57.0.2987.110 Mar 16, 2017 Google Chrome 57.0.2987.98 Mar 9, 2017 Show Comments 13 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off Getflix: Lifetime Subscription $1,199.00 $39.00 97% off GlassWire Pro: Lifetime License $99.00 $29.00 71% off Windscribe VPN: Lifetime Pro Subscription $900.00 $79.00 91% off Windows 10 build 16179 heads to PCs in the Fast ring redstone 3 Overview of the new features and improvements in the major new update creators update review HP Spectre x360: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life hp spectre x360 review Xiaomi Redmi 4A: Probably the best low-end smartphone... for now redmi 4a review Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update will only be available for 13 phones creators update Here's what coming in the next Xbox One update, Version 1705 xbox one update POLL Have you upgraded your PC to the Windows 10 Creators Update yet? poll Google is reportedly building its own ad-blocker into Chrome chrome DISCUSS What do you think of the Windows 10 Creators Update for PCs? discuss Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 36 Plus 1 on G+ 81 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares171 Google News Rumors Advertising is very much a balancing act for websites these days. You want to make enough money from an ad-supported site to cover costs, but you don't want to annoy users to the point they block all your ads. Some websites don't seem to care how much they annoy you, though. Google is reportedly getting ready to take a stand against the worst ads on the web with a built in ad-blocker for Chrome. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google's ad-blocking feature could be turned on by default in the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. It would filter out only the ads Google deems unacceptable. That would cover things like pop-ups, auto-playing video ads, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers. Google may even build the feature such that it blocks all the ads on a site that serves one of these unacceptable ads. That would nudge website operators to get all their ads in order—after all, Chrome is a huge chunk of usage. Google has not commented on the Wall Street Journal's story, probably because it's still trying to figure out how to pitch the ad blocker (if it's real). This could be seen as an attempt to coerce website operators to only run Google's AdSense ads, which are guaranteed not to run afoul of Google's blocking policies. It's a risky direction for an advertising powerhouse like Google to go, but it might not see a better way to deal with the prevalence of ad-blocking. Source: WSJ Tags ad blocking ads chrome Google rumors subscribe ... Previous Story Google PhotoScan 1.4 makes glare removal optional, adds photo sharing ... Next Story HTC will announce its flagship 'U' on May 16th, complete with squeezable frame Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments ZettabyteGamer I hate the WSJ, but this is somewhat exciting news. AbbyZFresh What did WSJ do to you? Nathan J What did they do for you? The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp, which runs the propaganda arm of the Republican party in the US, better known as Fox News. Murdoch's interference in politics and opposition to freedom isn't limited to the US. I don't recall the details, but the EU or UK was about to kick him out for starting trouble over there a year or two ago. I'm not real big on politics, but I think a certain distrust of News Corp, to a point, is healthy and should not really be questioned. ZettabyteGamer Spread a lot of false information about YouTubers, and YouTube as a platform. They focus on clicks, and getting subscribers instead of accurate information reporting. Trooper311 Awesome. Josh Crumley Good. Those ones where you load a page and start reading then suddenly disappears and a fullscreen ad with a 5 "second" timer starts going that takes about 5 seconds *per* second...ugh (looking at you gawker media). I just hope they don't automatically assume all google ad placements are ok just because they're google ads. DozensOfUs If you read gawker sites, it means you're a liberal weenie and deserve to be annoyed. Josh Crumley It was a kotaku article about zelda breath of the wild... 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d88dd0554cbbcfbefae945805e94ca40e0596a9a2abfb8beb5f9b9b849ce1225.gif Martin The one that are making Sound and are pretty much impossible to close need to be first!!! (You won an iPhone - beeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep)... :) DragoCubed The vibrations! MJ Cool I guess but I recommend everyone just get a real ad blocker like uBlock Origin and be done with it. RyRyTheFunBun I begrudgingly use Dolphin on all my Android devices for the ad blocker. Their are better, but dolphin renders almost all sites correctly and is fast. freshprince_87 Chrome is better D.Smithee Are you kidding me? You're using that shitty adblocker add-on for Dolphin? That extension hasn't been updated in years. Just use Brave Browser for Android--it's essentially Chrome with adblocking, tracker blocking, HTTPS and fingerprinting protection with a few added necessities. Nathan J On mobile, just run a system-wide ad blocker. AdGuard on Android and AdBlock on iOS. Chrome works just fine with no ads seen anywhere. MJ Nothing wrong with Adguard but installing a whole app seems overkill when an browser add-on will do. I really have no interest in using Chrome on mobile. ZettabyteGamer What mobile browser do you use, our of curiosity? Necdet Ali Özdür Try Samsung Browser on mobile, it supports ad blocking. MJ I already have an ad blocker and no interest in the Samsung browser. LOL Hrishikesh Bisen Why? senor_heisenberg Noice, about time. Tom Erlandsen Google working on an ad-blocker? Now there's something I never expected to read haha JD Gotta finish off the competition somehow. They weren't going to do it by releasing polished products Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ LOL, unfortunately, true. JG Does ChromeOS fall into the desktop category? or is this going to be browser only? kenspiracy ChromeOS would fall into the desktop category, yes. 4Ui812 Adgaurd for the win and the block. Untung Dwi Prasetyo Yes D.Smithee They make a great content blocker for Samsung browser--and let's face it, their Adguard VPN blocker for unrooted Android is a godsend. Johny M This is not good. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6fddce77432d41dfcd3c6f79fcc7fa1244c36a5ce08a0227a141e8521e57f3e.gif So the biggest online add company will punish websites that post "bad" commercials. What can go wrong with that? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. Google ad services monopoly, here we come. Necdet Ali Özdür It's been done before. I mean blocking "bad" commercials. Almost all browsers now have an option to block pop up pages. I consider this an extension of it. rockstarr27 Google will use it to block non google approved ads, furthering their monopoly. Predictable. 4Ui812 Bingo MaroonMushroom All of the bigger advertising companies would probably meet Google's standards without issue. I'm sure the bar will be set low enough to mostly target the full screen ads that say your Android phone has 6 memory viruses while it's vibrating at you. rockstarr27 "Google will only block the bad ads, they wouldn't ever try to make their ad blocking more dominant compared to competitors with this move." - Ah to be young and naive. LAMMJR O plz god yes, block those stupid ads that block chrome in android, spamming pop ups and using vibration saying my phone will be destroyed in x seconds if I don't install whaterver app they tell me to. Carson Saldanha Omg fr. I can't believe this is still a thing. Max I only can wish suffering to whoever developed those nasty ads. Nicoleckeys Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !su184c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !su184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketCubeGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!su184c:....,...... LOL Stop playing with yourself and these ads will disappear! Latheryin Ads will never be accepted by everyone. A lot of people see no use for them at all and will continue to block all ads. If they wanted commercials they can watch cable. Max Be careful with what you wish, the day ads die is the day everything will be paid on internet. TechGuy22 Like pirate don't exist lol Latheryin Yeah that will never happen. Even if it cuts people's use of the Internet by 65% that would not be a bad thing. And like TechGuy22 said. It will be broken. DragoCubed I can see a future with less outright box ads and ads that are hard to even tell that they are ads. Sponsored content and stuff. TechGuy22 Block these ads or the hijacked one on here specially https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1abd2d9979769332aaaefa91b671e6683737b8fb001f1b9b41820b6a94d1eee9.png Josh Crumley But look at this one weird trick I learned! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8c0b953c6e85700fbc7f7073a9f5ec68cb6a87dbf0c0afbca12b88428163ea5.png ilovetesla seriously , try it , its very good and a healthy tip for the phone internet never lies Bruce Wayne Those ads are annoying. They are usually served up by a company called Outbrain. DragoCubed Awesome sauce LOL So no more pussiеs and тiтs on the side bar? Damn.... Michael Hazell Never thought I'd see the day that Google would assume the role as an ad blocker, but honestly I appreciate them filtering those ads on mobile devices where it's like "your device has 6 million viruses, install to fix." Those are just cancer and needed to be blocked anyways. I've been such a heavy ad blocker that I forgot what it's like to deal with cancerous ads on the internet. xmascarroll For some reason, my stock V20 always gets "Android Alert! Your device, GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE, has xxx viruses! Run Android GENERIC ANDROID DEVICE Cleaner now!" D.Smithee We'll assume you didn't run said cleaner. ilovetesla then, follow the instructions, its a generic cleaner YuCMi Yes please! If this works the way it is described here, I'll turn off my indiscriminate adblocker. Dmitry Stepanushkin ADBlock. Problem solved 😂 Lord Argyris Somehow I'm categorizing this one in the "I'll believe it when I see it" category. It sounds an awful lot like an Outbrain story, which, incidentally enough, is one of the reasons people run ad blockers. That all said, these are the kinds of things I want to see blocked: -Anything that autoplays, makes noise, etc. -Anything that blinks, pops up, obscures the screen, or otherwise tries to distract me -Clickbait repos -Any and all forms of tracking--leave ad content selection up to the host site, or just push random ads The first two might be reasonably expected from a hypothetical Google ad blocker, but the third is questionable (the stories don't usually run afoul of the other criteria on the list; they're just trashy and take up page space and bandwidth). For the last one, however, I can barely hear myself typing over the laughter of the big ad companies (Google included). Tracking makes ads much more effective, and I don't see anything (apart from federal regulation, which has its own problems, not to mention scope limitations) that will ever manage to shove that genie back into the bottle. I'll play along with the rumor for a moment. What Google is likely doing here is protecting not just its ad revenue, but its ability to build up tracking data, which is immensely valuable. Trackers can be blocked by sufficiently motivated individuals, and third party extensions make this a lot easier. This is where Google wants to move in. By offering a basic solution to casual ad blockers, who just don't want to deal with the annoyance and page slowdown of heavily ad-infested sites, Google is ensuring that those tracking cookies are still set and that it (Google) and other third party ad companies can keep harvesting that data, even if people aren't seeing as many annoying ads. As an end user, this benefits me in some ways and hurts me in others. On the one hand, I feel like the presence of a Chrome-native, on-by-default blocker will bring about at least some progress on eradicating the Internet of the worst ad offenders, particularly if the penalty for non-compliance is that your site gets no revenue whatsoever from Chrome users who stick with the defaults. On the other hand, this will put the squeeze on more capable third party extensions that offer more granular control (as well as the ability to block more than just the ads themselves), which might drive some of them out of the market. Also, it abstracts the issue of tracking away from ad blocking--everybody can see the ads (and be creeped out at how relevant they are), but fewer people know about the tracking behind the scenes. If Google just makes some of the most annoying ads go away, many people will be satisfied, even if the tracking is still taking place. It also seems dangerously close to the sort of anticompetitive behavior commonly associated with late 90s-era Microsoft, since it's clear Google isn't being altruistic here. It's going to benefit from this initiative, and disproportionately to the other players in the market (both ad blockers and other ad companies). Notice what's not ever going to be blocked: Google-sourced ads. Everything else is theoretically fair game. Companies looking to advertise, as well as sites looking for ad revenue, will both be more confident in going with the Google ad platform than with competitors because they know that their ads will be compliant and that they won't risk losing revenue due to Google's ad blocker. We'll see how this shakes out. If a Chrome ad blocker is indeed under consideration, I suspect this information was purposely leaked to see what sort of reaction it gets. ast00 Block ads? Yes, please. Only accept AdSense? Oh hell no! (please link the gif) bozzykid The report says it will use the same "Acceptable Ads" that Adblock Plus supports so it wouldn't be accepting just Adsense. Cory Wilson I want to be rid of the stupid ads that take over the whole screen and say "congratulations we're giving away giftcards to users who live in , you have 5 minutes to redeem". you can't get out of them unless you close the window and reopen. Anonymous and what about adsense? D.Smithee It's good news--but a little too late, Google. I've been using a content blocker since the very early 2000's with Firefox. Now I use uBlock Origin with Chrome desktop. I came to the conclusion a LONG time ago that sites don't have our best interests at heart. Even the ones that proclaim they do. For me, ads/trackers/etc. became a security issue quite some time ago--I just can't trust sites, so I just block ALL ads/trackers/undesirable content. And if a site objects to it or blocks users using content blockers, I just get my information elsewhere. It's that simple. Branko So awesome. Will it eventually filter "hate speech" and "fake news" too Google? If you want to place in a mechanism for ad blocking, users must have control over it. Otherwise it's prone to abuse of self interests. Go fuck yourselves Google. Disphouf Thats funny, I changed Chrome with Brave browser because their adblocker Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 108 queries | 0.566s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Fitbit Alta HR  2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 Apple AirPods 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016)   Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker « Microsoft does away with passwords, employs new phone-based login system | Main | Apple expected to launch three iPhone models this fall » Tuesday Apr182017 Google Search and Newsstand now has real-time NBA and NHL updates Tuesday, April 18, 2017 at 9:00PM Google is making it easier for you to keep up with your favorite NBA and NHL teams with the latest update to its Google Play Newsstand and Google Search apps. From Newsstand, you’ll be able to see dedicated NBA and Stanley Cup Playoffs sections. There you’ll get play-by-play information as well as other local and national news about the sports. Now if you don’t want to use Newsstand, you can simply go to Google Search. The updates will be displayed in Google’s “Knowledge Panels” so you can check everything there. Source: Android Authority Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Newsstand, Google Search, NBA, NHL Email Article in Google, Mobile, News, app news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google accidentally pushed a Dogfood test build of the May 2017 security update to the Pixel XL Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 4:20pm PDTApr 18, 2017 48 Plus 1 on G+ 113 Share on Facebook 52 Share on Twitter Total Shares213 Applications Google News Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart. Last month, the company pushed an unfinished Google Drive for Windows update, causing Drive to break for thousands of users. Now Google has accidentally released a confidential build of the May 2017 security update to normal Pixel XL owners. We've received a few reports of the update so far, and our own Artem has received the update on his Pixel XL as well. As you can see from the below screenshot, this was clearly not meant for public release:   There isn't any user-visible changes in this update, which has a build number of N2G47O. One tipster said he received the new Play Store UI after updating, but that's likely just a server-side change that was flipped by coincidence. Let us know in the comments below if you see it on your phone. Thanks: Everyone who sent this in Tags dogfood Google N2G47O ota security update update subscribe ... Previous Story Google Assistant adds support for Lowes Iris, Lutron Caseta, and Osram Lightify ... Next Story 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Nothing showing up on my XL. :( matteventu Lol consider yourself lucky. Suicide_Note But i like beta software. matteventu Considering there's people who has issues after updating to the STABLE April patch (fingerprint reader not working among all the others), I would strongly suggest you NOT to update to a dogfood build :D James Cridland I got it. There's no way to not update - as you can see, it simply tells you it'll be installed next time you reboot. ZettabyteGamer Install Android O Tr3ple How stable is it so far? Don't wanna fuck up my pixel like I fucked up my 6p. Lol VAVAMk_2 How did you fuck up your 6P? ParanoidAirbag I got the new Play Store UI without getting this update for the record Suicide_Note Same here. Cleared the Play Store app cache this morning and it popped up for me. boop Most likely case is that he already had the UI but needed to reload the app and rebooting the device to update just happened to do that. Funem Same here on a Samsung S7. Its about time as well as some of the new feature were long overdue Marty Me too. Got it on my Honor 8, Xperia XP and some LineageOS devices. itsalaser Same here on my Nexus 4 Dmitry Stepanushkin Same on my Nexus 5. Seems to be enabled for most of devices on server side. Deeco What new UI? The new my apps page? DragoCubed Yeah. Thats what they are talking about. Google pushed it out to everyone all at once, for once. Denholm Willmer I still haven't got the new UI :/ EvilHowl I haven't :( Peter Please someone grab the OTA URL Brad Hoschar And post it to XDA Artem Russakovskii I looked through the logcat but didn't find it there. Peter It will be there, but often requires a Full Bug Report to get the entire logcat. jonzey231 Someone posted it above. FYI. George "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart." AP throwing shade at Google... Lord Argyris Aren't they all effectively Dogfood builds these days? Marty Soon they revert to cat food builds...after the secondary process of the dog food builds happen. Pewww... JD The new internal builds are now dogshit builds Melissacdonnelly Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !sy182c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs472ShopSpotGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sy182c:....,....... taylor banasiak I'm in the process of downloading it. I'm happy. Tr3ple Uh lol EJ102D My Nexus 6 received the UI update for Google Play today actually... C Lo Dog food build? Isn't this the same build Google's been releasing? Wonder what this one breaks. Kay Hocking It's come up on mine - should we be downloading it?? Peter Please send yourself a bug report and grab the update URL from it. Kay Hocking I don't know how to do that! Peter Settings... About phone ... Tap lots of times on Build Number. This will enable Developer Options in main Settings menu. Bug Report option is in there. Do it, takes a few mins, then email it to yourself. Open it up and look for .zip in the .txt file. Or share it here and I'll dig thru it for ya. Scott I tried to share it but it seems they get removed or are moderated or something. goo . gl slash 4KudHG Peter Got it now. Thanks! PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Good job. Thx. JD Ok Google go home you're drunk whispy_snippet What is this amateur hour?! NinoBr0wn "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart. Last month, the company pushed an unfinished Google Drive for Windows update, causing Drive to break for thousands of users." Edit: ..causing Drive to break for tens of users. Corbin Davenport Between all the posts on the Drive Product Forums, Twitter, Reddit, and other sites, there were definitely thousands (myself included). NinoBr0wn That comment definitely wasn't being facetious. But this one is. Trooper311 Nothing showed up for me on my PIxel Xl. I am sure they have fixed the issue by now. derk p :: checks software update:: Nothing showed up for me on my Pixel. I am sure they have fixed the issue by now. Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. Total Insecurity Google needs to bring their machine learning technology to the next step and help them to differ between testers and customers! mrjayviper doesn't seemed to be a problem with Apple and I doubt they use any AI (or at least to Google's level) on their OTA updates PhantomGamers He was joking... -.- Sir_Brizz No compromises device. Knowledgeborn Allah 😂😂😂 stan gurule Same here on my HTC 10. Adam Margeson Same what? stan gurule Whatever dogfood update it was, everyone else was saying "same here" so I had too also. Wasn't serious though... DragoCubed Uh okay 4Ui812 It wasn't an accident it's Google. They been fucking up a lot shit lately. JohnyNoLegs Prob shows that customers are getting beta/alpha/dogfood builds anyway. pks OTA link: https://ota.googlezip.net/packages/ota-api/google_marlin_marlin/6ea1ccda14a13cd03ab763d27fd7047025a53d3f.zip MrJakeK Next can we talk how horrible their beta forum is? Open non-private GooglePlus board where all the comments are random jerks asking for beta on their old broken phones? Google take notes from Motorola, you owned them for a second you should have learned. YuCMi I guess the idea of "being professional" is lost on Google. Karen Fennell I got this as well! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/329aa615888972a22bb6aed46e9dc9321d2ef29076d01d8cfa5c7cd3f0277b50.png Nathan J "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart." They seem to be taking a page out of Bethesda's book. All of the Fallout and Elder Scrolls games released in the past 15 years have been buggy messes. And like Android, they are usually fixed by a dedicated community of developers. That settles it. Google needs to release Android for the Pip-boy. /s The limited edition Pip-boy can hold a phone, but I don't think any Android phones are small enough. Maybe, just maybe the Xperia Mini line. It seems to have been made with the iPhone 6 in mind. Sadly, it can't charge one and blocks the port. If someone could 3D print, paint, and polish up a good one, I can see an Android phone where the screen goes, a 10,000mAh power pack where the tape deck is, and wires on the inside connecting the two. The official Pip-boy design is too bulky for practicality, but a slimmer design meant for bigger phones, like the S8/+, G6, Pixel XL, iPhone Plus, etc., holding the phone at an angle over the arm, could be very cool. Especially with an interface geared toward one-handed, landscape use. Anonymous Vagrant What's the name of the download speed monitor app seen on the screenshots? iCoerce I have the new play store ui on both my 3T and S7. 3T running 7.1.2 and my S7 still only on 7.0, so that was definitely just a server side switch. jon Glad to know they do that. Jaufder in Granite Bay (Sac) My Pixel XL has gone absolutely batshit since the 7.1.2 upgrade I did last week. I had previously been dealing with battery problems noted on 7.1.1 ( which mysteriously resolved even before I upgraded to 7.1.2). Now, with 7.1.2, my phone app is locking up, audio is cutting out and/or making amazingly loud crackling noises, headphone audio stops working periodically, the phone randomly shuts off, phone calls won't hang up...etc, etc. It's barely useable at this point. saf1927 No issues here. Aufar Ramadhan My Nexus 6 running Android 7.1.1 is perfect! No downgrades, and no bugs! Gonna flash LineageOS before 2018. Sudev Seems they did it on purpose... They're showcasing that they are "internally testing" things before they release it to public. /s Teja Don't know why lately Google has been messing up things. Nexus 6P OTA with major issues causing rollback, Pixel 7.1.2 OTA having fingerprint issues and this one. jonzey231 That was the regular N6, not the 6P. The 6P is the one with early shutdowns and horrid battery life. Lol. Your argument still stands though lol. Teja Yeahh.. Corrected. :) P. Sherman Please remind me again on how Google is still "superior" to Samsung and OnePlus for pulling s--- like this. As if they weren't content enough on disabling fingerprint readers and borking Bluetooth connectivity... Sumeet Gandhi It updated the playstore for me on my Pixel XL. Now it looks pretty neat tough. Zachary Kew-Denniss Not showing on my XL in the UK. RNTMPX "Dogfood"?! What does it mean?! What's the link with a smartphone?! Dirge Dogfood refers to the googlers themselves, essentially. It's dogfood for the googlers. Internal, confidential software or apps that are for googlers only. Todd Yates It comes from the the phrase "to eat your own dog food" which is when a company uses its own products/services within the business. RNTMPX Thanks! Weird! Besnik Rrustemi Got the new Play Store UI Yesterday on my Nexus 6P Dirge Thank God! I can finally sleep at night knowing you got it Besnik Rrustemi Great man !!. Im glad you can sleep now since i didn't know you were watching other people's​ comments day and night without having anything else to do on your useless life but to care for people's business. Sleep well :-* Hasan I got this update on my Pixel XL, should I update to it? Or no jonzey231 That's the bad side about automated OTAs with that dual system partition. It'll probably update on its own and be waiting for you to reboot. DragoCubed That play store update is definitely just a coincidinc SIGTRAP The level of incompetence at Google is getting completely unacceptable Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google Screwup of the Day. I told you you should run a series called that. JL Dear Corbin Davenport did you read when it says don´t discuss or comment?.... mike shwilly The only mistake they made is they forgot to replace changelog with "Bug fixes and stability improvements". LoadGamePL Considering what is Google doing lately, stock Android and fast updates are slowly turning into a disadvantage... Manjot Singh I got the new play store UI Dirge And this has what to do with the story? Manjot Singh "One tipster said he received the new Play Store UI after updating, but that's likely just a server-side change that was flipped by coincidence" I got it too on my 1+3 Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 114 queries | 0.598s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Jump to main content Jump to navigation Recombu Front Page Mobile Phones Phones Browse All Phones Android Phones iPhone Windows Phone BlackBerry Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Samsung Galaxy S8 View deals Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus View deals News All news Features Apps Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review and Comparison vs S7, iPhone 7 and Pixel Samsung Galaxy S8 vs best phones of 2017: Is the S8 the ultimate champion? Testing the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T video stabilisation camera update Reviews All reviews Latest Reviews Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth Apple iPad (2017) Review: In Depth Fitbit Alta HR Review: In Depth Videos Compare Pay monthly Pay as you go SIM only SIM free Best selling phones Apple iPhone 7 View deals Read review Apple iPhone 7 Plus View deals Samsung Galaxy S8 View deals Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus View deals Broadband & TV Cars Channel: Mobile Phones Front Page Broadband & TV Cars Show/hide navigation Home / Mobile / Features / Article MWC 2017 Pokémon GO Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus You might also like... × Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Which is best for me? Huawei P10 Plus vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me? OR Never miss an article again Enter your email below to keep up to date with the latest news, reviews and exclusive deals on Recombu. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review and Comparison vs S7, iPhone 7 and Pixel By Alex Todd 20th Apr 2017 Features iPhone Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones Tweet Samsung Galaxy S8 camera review: Samsung’s top phones have long been considered some of the best in the business when it comes to mobile photography. Naturally, we had to find out if the snapper setup in the company’s new flagships; the Galaxy S8 and S8+, stand up on their own merits and when compared to the biggest rivals currently around: the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Google Pixel and Pixel XL, and the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ share camera hardware, so whether you’re more tempted by the 5.8-inch S8 or its 6.2-inch screen-laden bigger brother you can expect the same 12-megapixel primary (Sony IMX 333 or ISOCELL S5K2L2) sensor with an f/1.7 aperture, dual focus pixel technology, EIS, OIS and an 8-megapixel front-facer with a matching f/1.7 aperture and a wide-angle lens. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review: UI The S8’s interface is a notable departure from the one that launched alongside its predecessor, with a focus on one-handed operation for greater convenience, following in the footsteps of the 2017 Galaxy A series. You can swipe right to get at the camera’s various modes, including Pro mode for manual control over the likes of ISO and shutter speed, Panorama, Slow Motion video capture and even a dedicated Food mode. Swiping left meanwhile lets you access a plethora of both first and third-party filters, as well as stickers which range from the expected to the straight up weird. You even have the ability to map effects onto faces in real-time Snapchat-style; something kiddies will no doubt love. The shutter, which sits between the record and gallery buttons, can be dragged either way to serve as zoom slider, leaving the viewfinder unobstructed, whilst swiping up lets you quickly and conveniently flip to the front-facing camera. The collective effect is a faster and easier to navigate interface that improves, rather than sacrifices functionality. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review: Picture quality Like Google’s Pixel phones, the S8 and S8+ both capture in HDR by default, producing the most balanced and well-exposed imagery across the board, particularly in natural lighting. If it weren’t for the Pixel’s overtly cool colour distortion, the way the phone renders fine detail not only looks more natural than that of the S8s when cropping in, but it also looks clearer and crisper. In low light the S8’s camera really shines, no doubt thanks to the hybrid image stabilisation system and the fact that it sports the widest aperture of the bunch, meaning it can take in more light, better colour imagery and preserve the most detail in a single image. The gap is small when compared to the images produced by the S7/S7 Edge, but there is still an improvement, either as a result of the updated sensor or the phone’s new multi-frame image processing, which collates image data from three photos taken each time you press the shutter in an attempt to reduce noise, shake and other photographic faux pas. Add in a flash and dark environments appear best lit by the dual-tone LED flash of the Pixel/Pixel XL, followed by the iPhone 7 Plus, whilst both the S7 and S8 still retain most of the detail nearer the lens. Drop these phones into extreme low light and the long-exposure functionality on offer from native manual control only found on Samsung’s handsets in this lineup, proves the ace in the hole. If you’re more of a selfie purist and the fun overlays don’t immediately grab you, the 8-megapixel front-facing camera on the S8 is still a great snapper in its own right. In our tests the Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus actually take the nicest untouched photos, but the wide aperture and subtle default beauty settings actually produce consistently respectable selfies in the widest range of environments. Add to that the option of a screen-based flash, smart face tracking autofocus and lens correction to counter the effects of the wide-reaching glass and Samsung’s newest phone also takes the smartest selfies. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review: Video quality All the phones in our lineup shoot up to 4K video at 30fps and offer some form of image stabilisation to smooth out footage. The Pixel and Pixel XL rely solely on an electronic system but it’s easily one of the best on the market, whilst the OIS at play in both iPhones is very good, but can fall apart from time to time. The S8’s strength lies in its lightning fast autofocus and exposure adjustment, meaning the phone pips its rivals to the post in that regard. The jerkiness seen in the Pixel’s image stabilisation is still present on both the S7 and S8 footage when twisting or turning, whilst the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus both offer some of the slickest looking video of the bunch, even if some of exposure adjustment is a little slower than on their rivals. As ever, Samsung’s phones offer more control over the shooting experience, with more frame rates and tweakable features available to the user, not to mention better directional audio recording from the S8, made all the more impressive by the fact that it’s also IP68-certified. Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera Review: Verdict If you’re after a good stills snapper, the Samsung Galaxy S8’s improved sensor and auto-HDR capture mean it can deliver the most consistently impressive image quality across the board, with the Pixel and Pixel XL hot on its heels, losing out as a result of their off-kilter colour temperature and lacklustre feature set. The S8 gets more right than its rivals on the video front too, even if Apple’s stabilisation tech gives footage a more appealing fluidity. It’s also hard to argue with Samsung’s new camera skill set, which like the rest of the phone it's attached to, is brimming with features and functionality without feeling bloated. Read next: Samsung Galaxy S8 camera and video modes explained and reviewed You can pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S8 from O2 right now from £55 per month, to claim a free speaker worth £120. Do you like this article? Tweet You should also read Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Which is best for me? Huawei P10 Plus vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me? Google Pixel XL vs Huawei P9 Plus: Which is best for me? iPhone 7: 4 killer features that make it better than Android Opinion: Has Google made a major misstep with the Pixel phone and Pixel XL? iPhone 7: 6 reasons you should buy Android instead Earphones and the iPhone 7/7 Plus: How do they work, best earphones/headphones to use with iPhone 7 A Visual History of the iPhone - How Apple Changed Everything How to copy music and other files to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones Join the conversation View the discussion thread. You should also read 1 Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge 2 Apple iPhone 7 Plus vs Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Which is best for me? 3 Huawei P10 Plus vs Google Pixel XL: Which is best for me? 4 Google Pixel XL vs Huawei P9 Plus: Which is best for me? 5 iPhone 7: 4 killer features that make it better than Android Be the first to know Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions, the best deals and the latest news Most read 1 When is the next Apple launch event and what will be launched? 2 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs S7: Should I upgrade my Galaxy S7? 3 Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming in 2017 4 Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 vs Galaxy S7: What's the difference? 5 How to add extra storage to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones Latest Reviews 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth 2 Apple iPad (2017) Review: In Depth 3 Fitbit Alta HR Review: In Depth 4 Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth 5 Honor 8 Pro Review: Three days with the flagship Honor phone Suggested Reading Best Android phones in 2017: We review the greatest Android mobiles out now When is the next Apple launch event and what will be launched? Mobile Phones Coming Soon: The best new phones launching in 2017 3D Touch not working on your iPhone? How to configure 3D Touch in iOS Best Sony Xperia phones right now and coming in 2017 Pokemon Go tips and tricks: A complete guide to the 'Gen 2' update Pokédex For Pokémon GO – All The Pokémon You Can Catch Or Evolve iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus tips, tricks and hidden features: Get the most from your iPhone Updating your Samsung Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge to Android Nougat: How to do it and why you should Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more Read next × Google Pixel XL camera comparison supertest vs iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S7 Edge Back to top ↑ Mobile Phones News Reviews Videos Deals Broadband & TV Providers News Speed Test Compare Deals Cars News Reviews Videos Follow Recombu Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube About us Work with us Contact us Meet the team Awards Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright © Recombu 2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 5 mins ago ‘What would you do with all that energy?’: Uncle Tobys compares oat energy to electricity and wind turbines 52 mins ago WA’s ‘Spread’ ad the most effective at reducing alcohol consumption, new study suggests 3 hours ago The Biggest Loser finale to air as segment on Studio 10 6 hours ago Broadcasters brace for budget cuts as ad ban looms on live sport 6 hours ago Edelman group director for corporate & public affairs Nic Jarvis departs to start new PR agency OPINION The 457 visa ban is good for Australia and could fix our marketing skills gap Ignore the hype – transparency is a non-issue Tim Burrowes It takes years to make someone fall in love with a brand – and seconds to make them hate it RYAN O’CONNELL The most important part of the brief that creative agencies are missing MYLAN VU How communications professionals can win the war against the robots FEATURES 2 days ago Cindy Gallop: I am so tired of talking about all this, but there’s still no change at the top 1 week ago Remaking Clems Melbourne 1 week ago ‘Trust’ in agencies key to bold creative work says Nissan’s GM of marketing 2 weeks ago ‘I hope the others fail’ – Competition between free-to-air networks heats up 2 weeks ago Fixing the plane while flying – Publicis Media’s talent chief on a year of upheaval DR MUMBO 3 days ago Sub editors: for when your reporters can’t write good 1 week ago Handbags and online rags 2 weeks ago Yellow is media’s new black 2 weeks ago A lesson in brand safety 2 weeks ago Now To Lose our minds over clickbait F.Y.I. 3 hours ago Screen Australia announces new Australian-Chinese co-production feature 3 hours ago Outdoor Media Association NZ reports 30% year on year revenue increase for Q1 4 hours ago Freeview FV wins Gold at International Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards 8 hours ago AACTA announces new eligibility policy and online category 1 day ago Affinity picks up seven nominations at Asian Effectiveness Awards 1 day ago Squad Ink wins gold medals at 2017 American Craft Spirits Awards 2 days ago AFLW’s Daisy Pearce joins Triple M as AFL commentator 2 days ago The Walkley Foundation launches award for best industrial reporting 2 days ago Liquid Ideas appointed to launch restaurant Chin Chin in Sydney Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS BREAKFASTS May 2, 2017 Diversity Delivers – IAA Thought Leadership Breakfast Forum CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit 2018 Retail Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School TBA Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter News Special Group’s Matty Burton and Dave Bowman depart to join Google April 19, 2017 12:02 by Miranda Ward, Simon Canning and Zoe Samios 0 Special Group has confirmed founding creative partners Matty Burton and Dave Bowman will depart the agency in August after three years to take on senior roles at Google. The former Special Group team: Burton, Evans, Bowman and Heyde The duo will lead the Google Zoo operation throughout the Asia Pacific region, however, they will remain shareholders of Special Group. Burton and Bowman joined Special Group in September 2014 from TBWA where they were executive creative directors. Burton told Mumbrella working with Google Zoo over the past three years had given the pair a rare insight into the company, so the opportunity was impossible to pass up even though it came with mixed feelings of the leaving Special Group. “It’s a mixed feeling. We have been  lucky enough to work with Zoo on a few different clients and a few different projects,” Burton said. “Our remit is to partner with agencies of all kinds and work with their brands. We want to put some fireworks into the works and show what can be done.” Burton said the pair would remain on deck at the agency for the next four months as the recruitment for new creative leaders was underway. CEO and founding partner Lindsey Evans confirmed a global hunt was already underway, but said she had no concerns it could be hampered by the announcement of changes to 457 visa laws by the Prime Minister yesterday. “I think a lot of the global talent we are looking at would still fit into the new visa categories,” Evans told Mumbrella. She said teams assembled by Burton and Bowman would also sustain the agency during the search. In a statement she said the pair had played an important role in the success of Special Group, which services clients including Aussie Home Loans, Red Bull, King Living, Amaysim, Petbarn, Harris Farm Markets, Sandhurst Fine Foods, Fisher and Paykel, Haier, University of Newcastle and Guzman Y Gomez. “Matty and Dave joined Special Group Australia just six months after launch and in less than three years have helped build a truly modern culture with killer talent, an enviable group of client partners and an offering that has seen our business gain five Agency of the Year awards. We are obviously absolutely gutted to see them go but very happy that they remain vested in our future success as shareholders,” Evans said. Managing Partner Cade Heyde added: “We have been working with Google Zoo pretty much since we opened and we feel privileged to be able to continue to collaborate with the boys in their new roles.” Dave Bowman: Really proud of Special Group Bowman said in the statement: “I’m incredibly proud of what we’ve been able to be a part of here at Special Group. Our first three years in market have seen the company grow into an amazing group of talented, creative and passionate people whose drive and hunger has seen them really start to make a dent in our part of the world. “But, when we were presented with the unique opportunity to work at Google, knowing we could collaborate with agencies across the region, it was simply impossible to refuse.” Commenting on their new appointments at Google, Jo Flint, managing director, agency business at Google Asia Pacific said: “I am delighted to welcome best-in-class creatives Dave Bowman and Matty Burton to the Google Zoo team. “The Zoo is Google’s creative think-tank for brands and agencies, using  our platforms and technologies to push the limits of creativity. Matty and Dave will co-lead the Zoo in the Asia Pacific and I know they will be a great fit for the team. “We look forward to welcoming them both in August and seeing how they continue to delight clients with their creative excellence.” Miranda Ward Miranda Ward is the deputy editor at Mumbrella. Miranda joined Mumbrella in September 2013 from Sky News and has covered creative agencies, PR and publishing in her three years with the company and now covers a wider media remit. She also edits the weekly newsletter CommsCon and the weekly publishing newsletter Publish. topics Dave Bowman, Google, Matty Burton, Special Group Share Tweet Share Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 122 Comments Sky News drops Outsiders from schedule after sacking of Mark Latham 50 Comments Sky News sacks Mark Latham and refuses to say whether Outsiders will remain on air 47 Comments Why that Pepsi ad isn’t as bad as you think it is 34 Comments Job cuts, one brand and the future: Will Fairfax get it right this time around? 31 Comments Programmatic ‘simply not working’ for brands or publishers SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Windows 10 Windows Phones Windows 10 Mobile Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 Surface Pro 4 Surface Book The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors AskDan! Laptop Reviews Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Buyers Guide Editorials Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad It's not a phone it's a PC Microsoft's Surface 'phone' can be successfully marketed as a PC It's nice to be nice Is the Windows phone fan community imploding? Behind the curtain Everything you need to know about the 'Cerulean Moment' Windows phone Window(s) to your world Which version of Windows do you use? History is the best teacher Microsoft better not market 'Surface phone' like it marketed Windows phones < > Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" Resistance = futile? Why Android is a serious problem for Microsoft By Jason Ward Wednesday, Apr 19, 2017 at 1:00 pm EDT 330 Comments Jason L Ward is a columnist at Windows Central. He provides unique big picture analysis of the complex world of Microsoft. Jason takes the small clues and gives you an insightful big picture perspective through storytelling that you won't find anywhere else. Seriously, this dude thinks outside the box. Follow him on Twitter at @JLTechWord. He's doing the "write" thing! Earlier this month, the unstoppable Android machine achieved the inevitable: Android finally overtook Windows as the most used OS worldwide, according to StatCounter, a company that measures worldwide OS usage. This is a serious problem for Microsoft. As the dominant force in personal computing since the 1980s, the "immovable object" that is Windows has been displaced by the "unstoppable force" that is Android. The troubling part about this for Microsoft is that it took less than ten years for Android to overtake Redmond's multi-decade reign. With unrelenting momentum and pervasive ubiquity, what might the next ten years yield for Google and Android as Microsoft struggles to make Windows relevant in the modern age of mobile computing? Writing was on the wall I can't say that I'm surprised by Android's surpassing of Windows as the most used OS. In fact, no one who follows tech should have been. Since Android's introduction to the consumer masses in 2008, it has seen a meteoric rise. Part of what is an open source OS, Android Open Source Project (AOSP) became Google's "proprietary" OS of sorts via company-driven updates and the Google Play Store. In other words, Google found a way to make an open source OS a leash that keeps most Android-using OEMs tethered to Google. (China-based smartphone maker Xiaomi and online retailer Amazon are exceptions.) Google established agreements with OEM partners that effectively locked them in if those companies wanted the invaluable benefit of the Google Play Store on their Android phones. Without the popular suite of Google-branded products and the Play Store, most OEM devices would have little consumer appeal in the fierce smartphone market. Ultimately, as a free OS, a host of manufacturing partners embraced Android in hopes of staking a claim in the highly competitive consumer smartphone space that Apple, by way of the iPhone, had established as its domain. Google, of course, reaped the benefits produced by the intense competition between Android OEMs. Regardless of what Android OEM "won," after all, Google was also a winner. Samsung eventually rose to be the dominant Android OEM worldwide. As the provider of a host of popular Android-based devices including smartphones, tablets and wearables, Samsung is a major force in pushing Android to the masses. Dominance With the help of the Samsung powerhouse and other OEMs, Android dominates the smartphone space with over 80 percent market share. This position in what is currently the most relevant personal computing space echoes Microsoft's 90 percent market share in the PC space. Both positions seem entrenched and unalterable. Of course, Google's pursuit to rule personal computing does not end within the confines of the smartphone space. Like Microsoft, the Mountain View company is pursuing dominance across a range of personal computing platforms. The benefit Google has is that mobile, which it rules via Android, is a portal to virtually all other computing platforms such as IoT, wearables and more. Consumers and developers alike are embracing Android's steady march into our daily routines. The pervasive nature of Android in the everyday lives of consumers is a major problem for Microsoft. In years past, when personal computing was limited to the sedentary context of the PC, consumers saw Microsoft's Windows OS and its suite of products and services as the platform for computing. Today's transient computing reality, where our digital experiences live in the cloud, are supported by AI, and transition across an array of devices, is the new reality in which consumers live. Sadly, this reality is one for which Microsoft has big dreams but little consumer presence. Android, however, is front and center, and it is aggressively seizing consumer mindshare. An AI-driven vision Google's CEO Sundar Pichai shared in an interview last year that said he wants to bring computing to "your phone, your wearables, your car, and your home." At the core of this drive is AI. Whereas Microsoft's vision is a cloud-first, mobile-first strategy, Pichai is moving Google from mobile to AI. This is evident in the company's hardware portfolio, which is positioned to showcase AI, as with the Pixel. That isn't to say that Microsoft has no AI strategy. I have written extensively about Microsoft's AI vision, cognitive services, Conversation Canvases, Bots FrameWork and quantum computing investments. Gates and Ballmer paved the way for Nadella's AI and bots Sadly, when it comes to actual products that consumers use and recognize as Microsoft-branded, not even Cortana's integration in 500 million Windows 10 desktop PCs seems to be making a mark for Microsoft. The new Google Assistant, an evolution of Google's well-known Google Now, and Siri are increasingly part of our culture, however. Samsung is Viv-ing it up Furthermore, Samsung purchased the startup Viv whose founder Dag Kittlaus helped to create AI that was designed for a ubiquitous, unbounded presence on various devices. Kittlaus stated the following when asked about selling the company before the Samsung acquisition: Our goal for this is ubiquity. And we're going to follow the path to ubiquity. We've had acquisition offers in the past that we have not gone with … We're going to stay true to what we think is the right way to get to get to ubiquity. The manifestation of the Viv AI as Bixby on the Galaxy line of smartphones is just an initial step of Viv's AI integration in Samsung's broad range of products. Post-acquisition, Viv still runs independently, and as Kittlaus keeps Viv as an open platform, he sees an opportunity with the more than 500 million products (not just smartphones) Samsung ships every year. Like Siri and Google Assistant, Bixby, with Samsung's product integration and promotion, may become a more recognized part of our lives. The Internet of Intelligent Things: Google, Samsung, Microsoft, and the new battlefront Marketing matters At a recent doctor appointment, my one-year old daughter activated Cortana on my Windows phone. The nurse responded, "She's talking to Siri." I muttered an indication that it was Cortana but didn't bother explaining further. I wish Microsoft was making greater efforts to promote its products. It would make advocacy from fans like myself a lot easier. Google, by contrast, is putting forth great efforts to ensure consumers are aware of its Assistant, as seen in the television ad below: Aggressive ads in conjunction with integrated services, such as Google Assistant integration in Google's messaging platform Allo, help to put this Android-based AI and other products in front of consumers. I recently asked, "With Surface phone, will Microsoft learn from its past marketing mistakes?" As I emphasized in that piece, Microsoft leans heavily on a marketing strategy where it uses its products to advertise its other products rather than spending massive marketing dollars on TV ads and other marketing. An example is Microsoft's hope that Cortana's integration in Windows 10 and Edge will help promote Cortana. Though there were TV ads using Cortana in the past, we see nothing promoting the assistant's benefits on Windows 10 for PC or other platforms. By contrast, Google uses sensory and emotionally compelling ads to supplement product integration. The little mindshare Cortana has among consumers despite integration in Windows 10, iOS, Android and Windows phone is indicative of which strategy is more effective. AI, bots and Canvases Part IV: The war is on! Microsoft is not alone. A home run … by Android Google Home is Google's Alexa-like voice-activated smart home control hub. Consumers who have grown accustomed to initiating a digital assistant on their Android phones with the phrase, "OK, Google Now," are doing the same in their homes with the command "OK Google." For consumers like myself who have not purchased a Google Home, the ads that demonstrate its functionality are still helping Google capture mindshare. While consumers are buying and using these devices that are pushing Google's AI-driven Android vision, techies and enthusiasts are reminded that Microsoft's Cortana-based alternative is coming soon. Sadly, regular consumers have no idea such an alternative even exists. By the time Microsoft gets to market with its alternative (particularly if Microsoft continues its less than aggressive advertising legacy), Alexa and Google Home may leave Microsoft's Cortana speakers homeless. Furthermore, though Microsoft is providing a broad platform for the automotive industry using its cloud-based intelligence services, the lack of a consumer-facing tool like Android Auto is a void in Microsoft's personal computing portfolio. Who are you wearing? Wearables such as smartwatches and fitness bands have not taken off with consumers to the degree some would have hoped. Still, it is a space that is being addressed by Android Wear, a version of Android for wearables and smartwatches, and by Apple via the Apple Watch. Microsoft had two iterations of its Band on the market before unceremoniously vacating the wearables space. Consumers, who are looking to extend their personal computing experiences to their wrists have a number of Android-based options. If a customer wanted a wearable based on Windows 10, the OS that is supposed to conform to all form factors and device types, not so much. Even if Microsoft is planning something to replace its now defunct Band, retailers can't stock their shelves with plans. One of the few spaces that Microsoft seems to have an undisputed lead in a new personal computing form is "Mixed Reality." With HoloLens and the Mixed Reality platform, Microsoft is a leader. As a platform company, Microsoft has utilized partnerships to help bring VR headsets to market. Unfortunately, with a delay of the next version of HoloLens, the more interesting augmented reality (AR) headsets seem a long way off for consumers. Will an Android-based (or iOS-based) option swoop in and capture the consumer mindshare that Microsoft's older technology could - should - have possibly garnered? Does Microsoft know how to reach consumers? For many years Microsoft has been an enterprise-focused company. Its success in the PC consumer space was a result of its enterprise success spilling over into the home. There was a personal computing void in the home that needed to be filled. Consumer experiences with Microsoft's products at work, combined with few other options, made Microsoft's trek into the consumer space a journey with little resistance. That legacy and a marketing strategy that obviously lacks the aggressive appeal for consumers does little to stall the unrelenting march of the Android machine. Given the ground Microsoft has lost in such a short time, one would hope the company would alter its marketing methods. If Microsoft isn't careful, even its dominance in the PC space may lose ground to Android. With all the excitement over Windows 10 on ARM, don't forget about Google's Andromeda Samsung's Galaxy S8 and its desktop emulating Continuum-like capabilities via the DeX dock won't put a dent in Microsoft's 90 percent dominance in the PC space anytime soon. Still, Microsoft should be wary. Like Android apps on Chromebooks, Samsung's Galaxy 8 Continuum-like features are yet another step of a seemingly unstoppable OS into Microsoft's personal computing territory. From smartphones, AI, smart speakers, wearables and the PC, Android is either dominating these personal computing platforms or making inroads on Microsoft. So, yes, Microsoft has a very real Android problem. Related reading: If Windows Phone fails, Microsoft's Phone Companion app may herald Redmond's plan B Google wants our children Reader comments Why Android is a serious problem for Microsoft 330 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Jason Ward Thanks for reading folks. Microsoft clearly has a lot of vision and an indisputable knack at innovation. The company however is slow with execution and chronically poor at swiftly getting its innovative vision in the form of products consumers can use. By the time Microsoft demonstrates proof of concept, competitors seem to take either all or a portion of the idea an apply it in a consumer facing product that gains the mindshare of "joe Conumer", leaving techies and Microsoft watchers, crying "Microsoft did it first." Android is gobbling up "territory" various areas of the modern personal computing space. What can Microsoft do to remain relevant and possibly become a more powerful force in personal computing as it is represented today? LET'S TALK!!! 37 1 day ago Reply Pages 1 2 next › last » cdb033 Everything is bad for Microsoft. 3 14 hours ago Reply Pappale lets be honest, its only Microsofts fault. They are in a hibernated state in which they are wasting money on future projects but canceling them before start. Bill Gates made an imperium based on his arrogant, narcissistic behaviour. After 20y. the whole imperium is falling behind Android. Where is the problem? The problem is the lack of a true LEADER with clear future VISIONS. Not another Jobs or Gates NO... just a normal guy with common sense! 22 13 hours ago Reply Yangstax There is no lack of leaders at MS.  One to promote WP and the other to bury it.  The 'Cloud First and Mobile First' strategy turns into 'Cloud First, Mobile Last'.  They are so shy to even talk about their mobile strategy now.  They started HoloLens but delays the version 2 till 2019 so their competitors -Apple, Facebook, etc. can catch up.   We are witnessing another WM experience to repeat itself.    21 13 hours ago Reply dgr_874 I really thought we would have a Holo Lense to purchase by now. I was all prepared to be one of the first to consumers to buy it and its still another two years away after being unveiled what two years ago? I wish they would just wait to reveal anything until its ready for consumers to purchase instead of revealing it way too early and making people wait. 3 12 hours ago Reply Sukesh Ashok Kumar I think their phone & HoloLens projects got effected by Intel pulling out from that processor market. It's better for future on ARM. 0 2 hours ago Reply rodneyej This ENTIRE article is a about awareness, and poor marketing, WHICH I'VE BEEN SAYING IS THE PROBLEM FOR YEARS... Maybe if more of y'all were with me, instead of against me, on this message,,, MS might have actually got the message... SMDH. .......... I will always say that MARKETING is MS's biggest issue. Marketing in every aspect of the word. ... Like it says in the article, MS hopes that marketing of It's products will happen by way of It's other products... "Hopes that marketing will happen". Pathetic, and I've been saying this even before Jason was here as an editor. MS shouldn't guess, hope, or gamble on what might happen, instead they should make it happen.... Spend the money to make things happen.. DO MORE TELEVISION ADS!... And, don't tell me there's no money. Money???? Ummm, they have enough money to spend on buying a predictive text, and keyboard technology company, and still have $hity keyboards on WM, and really on all their products.... Answer this question for me... Why, how, and why, are they so damnz clueless? 16 9 hours ago Reply MikadoWu I been preaching to the same choir as you.  MS has the worst Marketing in the world.  Sadly they rely on the 3rd party vendors, that have been sitting on thier cash for years.  With MS cash and resources, I could dominarte the world in 2 years.   2 9 hours ago Reply rodneyej Right. Lol. Most organizations would kill with MS's resource... MS made a great product (the band), and nobody knew about it...... ........... MS is just a proof of concept company now. MS has good ideas, and can build great products, and other companies take MS's ideas, and make it happen... For that reason MS will always be around... The money MS makes on patents' alone could pay for heavier advertisements for their products, but they don't care..... Question is, why, how, and who, took care of Surface?... Still, MS has many other products with their name, that nobody knows about.. Band was a ridiculous waste of time. All that money could've gone towards WP marketing... Just stupid **** happening. Horrific management of terrific products. What a stupid way to fail. -3 7 hours ago Reply rodneyej Stupid..... -2 7 hours ago Reply ProfessorMudguts Hear hear!  The article alludes to Microsoft not knowing how to reach consumers, and this is exactly the problem.  They're still selling B2B like they're IBM in the 80's.  XBox would probably be the one exception to this.  Microsoft needs to drop their current marketting parter/s, get people who know how to create a message for the CONSUMER, and then SPEND THE GODDAM MONEY. 5 8 hours ago Reply James Allatt I agree and disagree. Microsoft still sell more in the PC world than anyone else and by a lot. The difference now is general people don't buy a pc Evey few years now because they have got to a point where they can run for 7 to 10 years in terms of what general people use them for and let's face it it's work excel outlook and general work. People have moved onto tablets/smart phones as they can in general use them for everything they need day to day. What'sapp Facebook, Twitter, emails, general shopping ect. Microsofts biggest issue is in that department as the PC market they are still ahead of the game with the surface lines and they are also selling better than the 3rd party tablets to. I do think we are in a changing world for smart phones now though as they become more powerful we need them to do more with this power. Continuum is one advantage Microsoft have but with that they need to push it out to the market and take a line how are doing where you can buy the phone and get the laptop/table top doc but they need to do if for less than a price of a tablet and phone. Windows 10 also need the apps that people use the most to and this is there biggest issue right now.all that said i still wonder what's going to happen with android as i still see Samsung pulling out withing the next 5 years with there phone and if they do that will they see a drop in its own os? As i said interesting times and changes are now being made which could turn everything on its head. 1 8 hours ago Reply rodneyej Today is not the day to make a case for MS, defend them, or disagree with us.... Come back tomorrow, and we may have sympathy, but not today. 😂 1 7 hours ago Reply Michael Pelto Run-on sentences anyone? How about some poor spelling and improper synonyms? No? Better skip this post then.  0 5 hours ago Reply MR CATFISH Your message is confusing to read. Use periods now and then and avoid unnecessary adjectives. 0 5 hours ago Reply Gerard Corbier And I have been saying that Microsoft is an US-Only compagnie. That means: we only care about making money. NOTHING else. 3 8 hours ago Reply TechFreak1 @Rodneyej. Microsoft to me is apparent that they are treating the world as a engineering solution as opposed to a psychological one. People aren't numbers and try as one might cannot be quantified or categorised into specific typologies. The management wants to focus on their strengths. Sure that's understandable but in doing so they are also undermining their "strengths". For example It's a doc treating a sprained ankle - telling the patient not to use that leg and walk normally. Practically impossible but since the doctor said it, the patient will try anyway. With Microsoft's "logic" just remove the offending leg until it's healed than re-attach it. But only to realise - oh wait.... You cannot re-attach a limb without complicated nerve surgery and using technology that doesn't "exist yet" so the patient must wait and hobble around with one leg in hopes , just maybe, just maybe that tech will appear in their life time. Microsoft has the tools and they must focus on mobile before they lose everything completely. Mobile is the defacto gateway whether they like it or not. 5 6 hours ago Reply rodneyej Agree. Well said. -1 3 hours ago Reply OMG55 I'm with you and have been letting Satya & Terry know routinely on twitter instead of just in here. Check my twitter @OMG5. I'm sure Satya hates me if he even reads posts. 0 4 hours ago Reply Sukesh Ashok Kumar If I was the CEO, first I would fire the marketing team. Next focus on the world at large rather than over-focus on only US market. 1 2 hours ago Reply muvig I am behind you 100%. Remember those exclusives Right now cortana is not worldwide, Never heard of any android exclusives, they treat everyone as equal. They are selective on implementing features from user feedback,  Why was here maps removed, leaving us with half baked Windows/Microsoft Maps. 0 5 min ago Reply njoi fontes Your argument makes no sense... by skyping hololonens version 2 straight to version 3 does not mean that Microsoft will be left behind by apple or google, it means the exact opposite. They will be even further ahead than both than both them since Microsoft already has a head start. If they decide to launch version 2 of hololens, despite the fact that it is still too cumbersome and with too crappy battery life, then Microsoft would be making the same mistake that it always has: launch unrefined products that fail to have an impact on the market only to have apple come along, copy it´s tech and refine it. I believe Microsoft has finally learned to only release consumer products when they are ready to really shine (exactly how they have done with their surface line of products) 1 4 hours ago Reply rodneyej Further ahead to who? A few MS fans?..... Or will a gazillion GoogApple fans rejoice?..... Get real. Lol -1 3 hours ago Reply PolishHitta I don't think it's the lack of narcissism (i get what you're saying) but before we jump to this conclusion, I think it's the lack of mobile focus. CEO himself mentioned that he'll be focusing on windows 10 first and then mobile... Well "then" hasn't happened (hopefully yet) and now we're in a limbo where its been so quiet on the Microsoft front that people are starting to question its mobile fate. 1 11 hours ago Reply talon38c Microsoft has amazing imagination on the engineering side. It has absolutely no imagination on the consumer marketing side. I honestly wish they fired the US marketing team and kept the Nokia marketing team and let them loose on all of Microsoft's consumer products. 12 11 hours ago Reply rodneyej Dude, you said it perfectly.. Well done🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆🎆 Thanks. 0 7 hours ago Reply sweatshopking this is pretty much totally wrong. The only part that isn't is the first paragraph.  Gates was and is a genius. he's isnt, and never was, a usability genius like Jobs, he's a business genius, and whether pushing PC's or Malaria medication he revolutionizes the industries he's working in. He had his role and it grew MS into the global powerhouse we know it as now. Balmer cemented that and made billions in cash, but didn't have the consumer knack either. Nadella? Unclear at this point. His vision for what microsoft is seems to be quite different from his predecessors. Whether comsumer electronics remain a major part is currently unclear. he may be willing to cede that market and instead go towards backend IT, powering the devices everyone else makes and sells. It's possible he thinks he can compete with google and apple better there, and he's probably right. Even should MS release a hololens it isn't going to sell. Nothing can likely be done about that at this point. It's simply too late, and the consumer mindshare is entirely google and android. "normal guys with common sense" aren't the guys who should be running enormous companies or governments. Not if you want them to survive anyway.  3 10 hours ago Reply Ray Picone Steve Jobs brought Apple back from the brink of its near destruction, maybe Bill Gates can try again. You are right, "normal guys with common sense" should not be running Companies. You need someone with EXTRAORDINARY SENSE to run a successful company. 0 7 hours ago Reply Ray Picone Actually, you do need another Bill Gates or Steve Jobs, right now Android or I should say GOOGLE is taking over the world as the dominant OS, as I write this on my trusty Chromebook. Larry Page is the new arrogant, narcissistic ruler.  So I disagree with you on who should be the LEADER of Microsoft. Someone with common sense will drive it into the ground like it is heading now, along with Tim Cook at Apple. Maybe Elon Musk should take on the leadership role at Microsoft. Unfortunately, nice guys finish last!  4 7 hours ago Reply Rahul Sharma45 Just windows phone NOT MS is falling behind. A simple question, if I say among the three tech giant's which company will fall at the earliest. The order is Google, Apple and then Microsoft. The reason is expansive strategy in every field of technology be it AI, Mixed reality, OS & OEMs, Search Engine, Cloud, Gaming, Console, Surface, patent licencing, MS dynamics, Enterprise services, applications, Office etc. The revenue sharing model is excellent and very nicely distributed among product line. Same is the reason why share prices of MS stocks are all time high. The vision is not diluted even it is coming out more sharply. 1 4 hours ago Reply eryker Pappale, when you're the richest guy in the world who gave us our favorite operating system, maybe we'll listen to you...for now, not so much LOL 0 35 min ago Reply gold-stars MS problem is that Android has taken the position MS once held and Google will turn Android into a PC OS in the long run and has many advantages in it's corner. MS must manage the decline of Windows but they are not doing a very good job. 1) Windows Store must be turned into a best of Windows Showcase, gets the power user PC apps on board, give free UI redesigns, free promotions whatever it takes to get PC apps on the store, making Windows Cloud is not enough. 2) Premium Games is the one thing MS has and Android does not, drop games from Windows Store it is poorly promoted and designed, instead bring Xbox interface to Win10 and have Xbox Anywhere titles only sold through this portal no exceptions. 3) Have the above games and apps running on Arm, promote Arm systems running these to show that Win apps can run fine on Arm hardware, don't leave it to third parties like Steam. If MS can build up enough of the desktop app store with usable items then just maybe it can squeeze back into the mobile market with phone PC's. Of course Android is coming from the other direction but it's easier for them to build a desktop OS. The big danger is productivity apps if these start appearing on Android then it's game over for Windows. If MS fails then like how MS kicked IBM out of the consumer space, Google will kick MS out of the consumer space, Windows PC's will go full on Apple Mac mode tied to the hardware for those remaining few who need them. 12 13 hours ago Reply TheCudder Fortunately for Microsoft, security is NOT one of the advantages Andriod has over it. 0 12 hours ago Reply dandrayan Unfortunately for Microsoft, the average consumer doesn't care about security, only that they can easily download and use their favorite apps. 17 12 hours ago Reply rodneyej That's a simple case of the good outweighed the bad.... -1 7 hours ago Reply TheZeeMan Have to agree. The main problem with Google is that Google will never sign an non-disclosure agreement with any company that requires it because they don't even trust their own products. My company (won't say a name) has been trying to get google to sign one so we can use Chrome as a browser for development purposes but their lawyers shun us away everytime. 5 12 hours ago Reply thaman04 @TheZeeMan Omg one of our partner companies tried to do that with Google Apps for Work and they did the same!  They switched to Office 365 and Microsoft had no problem signing such legal documents for them.  It really shows which company security and privacy matter... it may not matter to unknowing consumers, but it's no reason for them to exploit that.  I guess that's how Google makes a lot of their money. 0 5 hours ago Reply Ray Picone I agree with you! Microsoft needs a new LEADER with an extraordinary total vision to stop them from going under. I just hope it's not too late! Steve Jobs brought Apple back from the brink but now Tim Cook is going to slowly drive it back down. Google is right now the new Microsoft of the 21 Century. You have to hand it to Larry Page, he is the top Guru of successfully running a tech company. He pushed Microsoft right off the Mobile platform. He surpassed iOS too!  0 6 hours ago Reply itguy09 And it will be Good Riddance when they go away. 0 12 hours ago Reply 19Michael87 As long as Microsoft does not recognize that smartphones are a key factor in any modern platforms device ecosystem they will fail miserable. The PC is no longer our technology hub, the smartphone is! 28 13 hours ago Reply Hoppman Maybe yours, not mine.  I still much prefer a laptop to any phone.  Phones are still gimped when compared to a full featured laptop or Surface Pro and android is a PHONE os, not a computer OS no matter how many times people like to act like it is. 3 13 hours ago Reply GodlikeNay You missed the point of what he was saying. He said technology hub, and he is right. Everyone has a phone and everyone has it with them all the time. If that is not you, then you are part of a dying breed that will not determine the future of tech anyways. But, from your reference to Surface and laptops, I assume you do have a respect for mobile. Mobile is the future, hence Microsoft's stated strategy of "mobile first". Problem is that has proven to be total BS. 18 12 hours ago Reply Alan Fidler I dont think he is right. The phone is a very convenient device when mobile but I dont think people choose to use a phone if there is a tablet or laptop within reach or better still a PC. The technology hub for me is the cloud and all my devices send and receive content from there. My phone is no more a hub than any of my other computing devices, its just the most useful of them when I am out and about.    2 11 hours ago Reply Aden Rossinni Of course people choose to use a phone over tablet or desktop - year 2017 not 1997. Sorry fella. 2 9 hours ago Reply 19Michael87 I still own a desktop and a Surface Pro 3 and use them both heavily, but my smartphone is with me always and where ever I go. No piece of kit is as personal as ones smartphone! 6 12 hours ago Reply Alan Fidler No piece of kit is as portable as a smartphone I would argue. But I would still choose to view these posts on a nice large 20 inch screen over a little 5 inch one given the choice.   -1 11 hours ago Reply Robinator Reading this on a L650 and loving it. 1 10 hours ago Reply jbrown9100 Looks even better on 27 inches. 1 10 hours ago Reply Aden Rossinni That's why people are buying and using 5.7-6.2 inch screens, and who the hell uses a 5 inch?? 0 9 hours ago Reply mrpuny Umm, Continuum? Or now, Dex? 0 9 hours ago Reply hedrek I just bought an Android 8" tablet. I have a desktop with Windows 10 and Edge which I really like. I have a Lumia 928, which I really like, but I'm slowly giving into the need for apps. I think Windows will rule the desktop with business forever. I think they'll never have a WM phone succeed (I think a full PC on a phone is intersting to very few people for the foreseeable future). I think MS will end up with an MS phone, running Android, but focused on MS stuff (like the Samsung Galaxy 8 MS version, but more MS integration, plus the tile interrface, which I have on my Android tablet). They can sell it, and it helps push their services like Outlook, Cortana and Word, etc. Consumers would buy this, providers migh promote it (customer - hey, I like that Surface phone, and it has the apps I need), and MS would have a mobile presence that would work worldwide. 1 7 hours ago Reply x I'm tc This was a fair statement as recently as maybe three years ago.  It isn’t now. Now, the best version of every new product -- and that’s not an exaggeration, it’s 100% -- is on Mobile or some other non-PC platform.  The PC still has lots of best-of-breed applications available only to it, but they are legacy experiences; new experiences are 100% elsewhere. I cannot think of a single new technology, not one, that is being led by the PC.  Be it VR, AR, AI, voice UI, electronic medical records, semi- and fully-autonomous vehicles, everything is dominated by tiny little electronic brains attached to big Internet iron. In the enterprise space, Windows has an Android “problem.” In the consumer space, the problem was “solved” a while ago, because Windows is dead as a consumer OS.  Not dying.  Dead already. 1 11 hours ago Reply Robinator Get on a train and everyone is reading the news on Mobile. And in bed. And in the car. 1 10 hours ago Reply aximtreo I don't think he meant phones in lieu of but in addition to. That is where MS has failed in the past 7 years. They did not capitilize on the early Windows Phone OS's and tried to re-invent the wheel one too many times. 4 11 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Nice thought, I think that too. Lets forget about Virtual reality, Augmented reality and wearables for a minute.  I think wearables, Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality won't skyrocket as smartphones did in this decade.  Smartphones are the best technology right now and thats what Microsoft should focus on. But as we saw Windows Mobile has big issues, so its time to pickup an OS that doesn't has these issues.  Plan B for Satya Nadella should be to clone/fork Android under a Microsoft ecosystem powered by Bing services, Cortana, Office 365, Skype, Groove and Outlook, this will make OEMs interested on making smartphones that have Microsoft's new mobile OS based on Android.  1 12 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick If they forked Android, they wouldn't have access to the Google Play Store. Since that would mean none of the Play Store's applications, why would that be any better than Windows 10 Mobile? 1 11 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Amazon Kindle tablets are the proof that what I said is legal and doable from technology perspective. Amazon has an appstore that runs Android apps but it's apps and games are stored in Amazons AWS cloud not on GooglePlay datacenters.  0 9 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick It's 100% legal and doable. It'd also be very foolish because it wouldn't give them access to the Play Store and therefore applications. Amazon tried the same thing with their Fire phone and that flopped hard.    Also, the Amazon app store is behind Google Play as well. Not only does it not have every apps, most apps are on a different version level than that of the Play Store.  0 7 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Looks like you haven't entered the Amazon appstore lately, but here it goes Books & Comics (7,925) Business (10,098) Communication (4,859) Customization (11,117) Education (17,875) Finance (5,535) Food & Drink (3,715) Games (139,607) Health & Fitness (10,010) Kids (14,530) Lifestyle (32,865) Local (2,334) Magazines (2,926) Medical (3,401) Movies & TV (4,288) Music & Audio (16,593) News (6,474) Novelty (22,274) Photo & Video (9,844) Productivity (14,114) Reference (14,063) Shopping (3,297) Social (7,582) Sports (12,865) Transportation (2,241) Travel (10,411) Utilities (15,577) Weather (721) FireOS since its based on Android is 10 times more popular than Windows Phone or Windows 10 appstore so probably you need to try harder to convince me on why cloning Android is not a good choice for Microsoft.  To be honest I don't care, I just know that Microsoft's mobile strategy needs to change and forking Android like Amazon does with their Amazon appstore is much better than what we find today in Windows Mobile. 0 7 hours ago Reply Nate W Bingo, and they are just one flavor of mobile.  They will be around for a while.  Microsoft is taking it's time on all mobiles right now (warables/car/phones). 0 10 hours ago Reply Dusteater They can't do anything without a play flor the car. Their active attack on consumers who drive cars has driven me far away from Microsoft. None of their devices or services can work with any modern car. This is where Apple and Google really shine for me. 1 13 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @Dusteater, what do you mean? I use my Lumia Icon with my car via Bluetooth -- the touchscreen and voice control in my car (not counting phone display or Cortana) integrate with my Lumia to play music, call contacts, take down ideas in OneNote via speech control. What am I missing that is available in iOS or Android? 2 12 hours ago Reply Vinicius Castro Waze... 0 11 hours ago Reply Dusteater I can play music via Bluetooth and that is it. The reading of SMS messages doesn't work most of the time, plus when using Messaging Everywhere, it cannot read messages received via Skype, and you have no way to know why Cortana will read some, but not most of your messages. The big difference is that I use my maps all the time, and want that displayed on the car screen. CarPlay and Android Auto can both do that. Microsoft was a member of MirrorLink for years, which was the open platform to connect your phone to your car. Most cars that supported CarPlay and Android Auto aso supported MirrorLink. Microsoft unfortunately decided to cut out people who drive cars and not implement that functiuonality. This was a consious decision on their part to do everything they could to hurt people who drive. Now look at Groove music on iOS. All the 3rd party music apps support CarPlay, except for Groove. Again they are doing all they can to make sure peple driving cars cannot use their services, let alone their devices. With my iPhone, I display my maps on the car screen and play Amazon Prime Music from the screen too. It's very nice, light years ahead of anything Microsoft could even dream about doing in the car. They are just doing everything they can to push drivers away from Microsoft services, and that is the biggest mistake they have ever made in my opinion. 1 10 hours ago Reply MikhaeL53 I disagree as well. My 2016 Lincoln, which was clearly oriented toward Android and IOS, does a beautiful job of handling my Microsoft 950. While driving, I only listen to Groove via Bluetooth and find that Cortana has no problem reading SMS's. All the voice commands also seem to work fine and the phone via Bluetooth is near perfect. 2 9 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin @Dusteater, that's a good example. I am not able to use the maps on my phone on my car's screen. That does sound cool. My car has a built in mapping program that I prefer when driving because of the dedicated dial on my dash and other controls that I can use without taking my eyes off the road, but I would agree that it would be nice for the map info to be shared. However, I think unless you have a quote to someone at MS saying they did that to discourage driving (i.e., some misguided environmental move), I think ascribing an anti-driver intent to those changes is pretty ridiculous and unfair. When any software company drops features, it's most likely because they decide it's not generating as much money as it costs to support. I'm a pretty big techie and I didn't even know about those features, so while they do indeed sound like great features, I'd guess they are not very widely used, so MS decided to retask their limited remaining mobile developers to other projects. I would recommend not assigning malicious intent to people's actions just because they are not doing what you want. People usually do what they do, because they think it's the right thing to do, probably not to hurt you. Businesses are even simpler: they do what allows them to grow and generate profits for their shareholders, and that includes dropping making investments in or conducting activities that they conclude are not in their long-term interests. 1 9 hours ago Reply Dusteater I have spent plenty of time on the Microsoft Redmond campus and can tell you that most Microsoft employees do not drive. They only take the Microsoft shuttle bus service to work and never leave the general area around campus. I am certain this plays into the lack of car specific features in any of their devices or services. As I mentioned, every 3rd party music streaming service on iOS supports CarPlay, except for Groove. So this is much more broad than just the Windows Mobile team, it applies to all the teams at Microsoft working on a variety of services & apps. It's especially frustrating given how much Microsoft touted Continuum. Why didn't they support MirrorLink in Windows 10 Mobile? They were a phone manufacturing member for years, and yet they never added this basic functionality. For the record, most cars and 3rd party stereos that support CarPlay & Android Auto also supported MirrorLink. They official called it quits with MirrorLink earlier this year though. I don't think it was an environmental reason, just simple ignorance that most Americans drive cars. I can assure you that most Microsoft employees do not drive, and most likely have never driven a car in their life. That's the state of the tech industry in the Redmond area here in WA.     0 9 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin I don't know the statistics, and that may play a role. I have a competing anecdote -- everyone I know who works or worked at Microsoft drives or drove to work (hating the traffic). Keep in mind major product decisions are not made by the developers. Those are made by product managers. I'm not sure at what level something like MirrorLink support would be made, but I'm sure it's above the developer level, but possibly below the Director level. 0 9 hours ago Reply JDHamilton6 I disagree on the car point. My 950XL works very well with Uconnect in my Grand Cherokee. In fact, this is probably the very last thing that keeps me from switching to another OS. 1 12 hours ago Reply pickypg My Lumia 950 works better than my iPhone 6S with my car's Bluetooth system. The problem is that the Bluetooth stack on WM is rather buggy so occasionally it does crap out, but this is one of the few places where WM actually shines in general. Granted, Apple and Google's car ecosystems are dramatically improving if you own a car that buys into those systems. But then it's no longer Bluetooth and instead it's some proprietary interop that Microsoft has no hope in getting a piece of until WM is remotely successful. 1 11 hours ago Reply Manus Imperceptus My Lumia 950XL connects to my 2016 Mazda just as well as my Axon 7... Better, actually... 1 11 hours ago Reply Shobiz My Lumia 950 doesn't work well with my 2014 Honda Accord.  When someone plugs in an iPhone, the unit opens up and becomes a nice hub for the phone. 0 11 hours ago Reply realwarder As you said, Android is THE focus of developers, ironically even Microsoft.  I've been saying for a year they've actually given up on Windows now and their focus is services.  And with consumer software being written for all platforms other than Windows, this is the only path forward.  It doesn't matter what 'new hardware form factors' Microsoft invents, if it doesn't have SnapChat etc. on it, it's a waste of effort.  Sadly they missed just how important mobile was, and that Windows on mobile should have been free much sooner.  Now that ship has sailed and appears impossible to sink.  Expect to see more Android phones with Microsoft services on them. 6 13 hours ago Reply pickypg This is not completely true. iOS is the focus of developers because iOS users actually pay for apps. Android plays a very close second thought because of sheer marketshare, particularly outside of the US. 0 12 hours ago Reply x I'm tc Two years ago, this was true.  But Android is so much more powerful and flexible than iOS that more and more often the best-of-breed experience is on Android. 0 11 hours ago Reply bleached Android actually brings in more cash if you combine all the app stores. Apple's App Store is bigger than Google Play, but Android has more app markets than just Google Play! 0 10 hours ago Reply Laura Knotek I believe we are witnessing a shift in consumer use of computing devices. It is no longer necessary for most consumers to have a PC. I see the PC and Windows moving toward being niche products for enterprises and certain aficionados such as gamers. For the rest of the market, Android and iOS are "good enough". The question is whether or not Microsoft will thrive as a company making niche products.  9 12 hours ago Reply dgr_874 I can certianly see that in my personal and family life. Since I am testing out a new Android phone, I rarely need to log into my desktop or laptop anymore to do anything. I am certianly no poweruser, but all my email, music, photos, movies, documents, etc are all avalible on my phone. If I need a bigger screen, a chromecast usually will work so I can get to my data on a larger screen. It's not perfect for sure, but it fills a lot of my needs on a day to day basis. 3 11 hours ago Reply Elias Georgiou Great article as usual Jason! Microsoft needs to restructure rapidly and maybe some high profile members of the boards of directors ask (or force) CEO to reconsider the firms disappointing efforts on mobile. 3 12 hours ago Reply GodlikeNay Microsoft has been terrible at marketing. Their products get no mindshare and then they cancel them because no one is using them. I'd buy a Band 3 today if one was available. It's not though because they never seriously attempted to make it succeed. Mobile feels the same. They had momentum when the 1020 was released. Then they cancelled the successor and stopped marketing. It's been all downhill since then. 8 12 hours ago Reply sweatshopking the bands were terribly built. i owned multiple 1's and 2's because they just stopped working (in the case of the first 1 it even burned me) 0 10 hours ago Reply pickypg Microsoft's worst trait is their marketing. They should have fired that department a long time ago. Their team seems to get a few interesting ideas, then it moves on from them or drops them entirely, rather than doubling down. It's because of their marketing that the Android and iOS (and macOS to some extent) ecosystems can adopt features late, but pretend like they're revolutionary even when Windows already has them. For example, smartphone-based Optical Image Stabilization was a Lumia feature before any other phone that I can name (possibly excluding some older Nokia phone), yet Apple, Samsung, and HTC (to some extent) get to pretend to be the flag barrer here -- and Apple didn't even include it on their smaller phones! Finally, Microsoft's slow adoption after announcing features is killing them. Both Apple -- and, now, Google -- secretly cultivates their features and then announces them a few months before they're released. On the other hand, Microsoft announces everything a year in advance so that everyone gets excited and then forgets about it come release time because it's old news. In the mean time, their competitors have had the chance to release the best of those features in their own platforms. 5 12 hours ago Reply alanSJ You're on point with everything that's wrong with MS marketing dept. I agree they should fire their top marketing people and perhaps recruit someone from, dare I say, Apple. Hopefully, they can learn from Apple how they were able to turn the average consumer into an Apple sheep. I'm no Apple fan, but still I got to hand it to their marketing folks for what they've accomplished with Apple. MS definitely needs more sheep!!! 3 11 hours ago Reply bdball I get the feeling the Microsoft really doesn't even want to make hardware. They would rather just do software and let third party's take care of the hardware. What they don't seem to understand is that we as consumers would rather they make hardware and like someone else mentioned, they kill things off too soon. I would have upgraded to another Windows phone but I'm a Verizon user. I would have bought a Band 3 but just as I was getting interested in purchasing one they totally killed it off. I would have bought a Surface 4 but they ended the Surface 3 without a replacement and so I went with another brand. 0 10 hours ago Reply labsii Am I missing something or you miss that it is Apple who won the game? Of course not the market share game, but the money game, taking 90-100% of profits of the industry and keeping App Store as the revenue and innovation leader. -1 11 hours ago Reply kcovert Appreciate your taking this on Jason. Worked for MS for a long time, and too long seeing them make the same mistakes Apple and IBM did, (as well as others), that propelled Microsoft in the past. By the way when IBM lost the OS war they retreated to the cloud. I consider these to be the main events leading to the current status quo... -Microsoft turns the PDA into a smartphone, has most share. Not sure it was the first smartphone but I had a Toshiba 2032sp running Windows Mobile in 2003 -Bill said device convergence is the future. Smartphones are surely a device convergence, the company didn’t listen to him. -Steve Balmer dismisses smartphone, (iPhone) -Microsoft delivers Windows mobile 7.5 and subsequently purchases Nokia. There is momentum with the 920 release passing Blackberry. 10% market share is reachable. Microsoft does not sufficiently capitalize on the momentum with either product timely development  releases or double down marketing. My 2cents:To regain prominence now there will have to be another paradigm shift there surely will be. I believe it will be AR or Mixed Reality, or whatever it becomes called, (confusing people now). As of now Microsoft leads in the space but they better go all in NOW and with no halfhearted effort. This is going to be very much like an all or nothing. 4 11 hours ago Reply bleached Microsoft leads on AR/MR? Where can I buy their product? -1 10 hours ago Reply kcovert In honor of the takeover http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Microsoft+Store+Hololens If anyone else doesn't think they lead the space an actual published API https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality I take a little comfort from Rift and Vive running on Windows. 1 5 hours ago Reply bleached Those are not Microsoft products. They are VR headsets specifically for gaming and are tethered to a PC.  Microsoft does not have an AR/VR/MR device available today. Maybe someday with the Hololens, but that is years away. Google/Samsung certainly lead that area. They have actual products in the field today and have for years now. Microsoft has "soon...maybe". -1 5 hours ago Reply T34B4G5 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens/buy 1 4 hours ago Reply bleached Not a consumer device. Maybe in a couple years it will be relevant. Today it is not. 0 4 hours ago Reply ED the new guy Jason, a good article, though, perhaps a tad long. Thank you. I'm slowly beginning to appreciate Microsoft's vision of the future of computing, but, it's still seriously limited, and, it's crippled by the lack of consumer trust in Microsoft. Perhaps one of Microsoft's biggest hurdles to getting Cortana accepted and Windows 10 liked is trust. Microsoft has made decisions that tell us end users that they don't care about our trust. Google, the ubiquitous Google that knows everything about us, is perceived as strong on privacy. Microsoft, which likely knows much less because its search engine is so underused, is distrusted at every step of the way. In Microsoft's case, the privacy destroying nature of the OS destroys trust in the Microsoft brand. Microsoft advertises to us IN THE OPERATING SYSTEM, the piece of software that provides us end users with a safe space, that we ought to be able customize with software and services that require our consent. By integrating advertising into that most sacred of spaces Microsoft is violating an age-old understanding of what the OS is supposed to do. If Microsoft is willing to violate that most sacred of spaces with advertising, it means they're also prepared to use whatever piece of information they collect from us to violate any other aspect of our personal space. To do so without explicit consent is terrible for building trust. I was so disturbed by advertising for Black Friday sales on my lock screen--a place that I want to see nothing that in any way, shape or form could identify me--that I was considering whether it was worth my time to switch to Linux full time. Your article misses one major item in terms of Android's impact. What's important in the Android and iOS story is not on how many devices they're installed on, but, who is using them! It's the youngest computer users who are completely integrated into the world of iOS or Android, and, make no mistake, iOS is as much a part of this story as Android. Microsoft has lost the youth (<25) and seems to be in no position to win them back! This feels exactly like what happened to the once iconic BlackBerry. It had locked up the sort-of-smart phone market before the iPhone and seemed unassailable. Then along came Apple and decimated BlackBerry where it hurt the most. Windows now runs the computers that the next generation's parents and grandparents use. Android and iOS are running the computers they rely upon. Android's ubiquity is a footnote. It's the Android and iOS story that's relevant. Young people become older. Older people start earning the big bucks. When they earn the big bucks people still do what they did when they had less money, only they do it in a more fancy way. Android/iOS users will not suddenly become Windows users because their entire workflow will be built around the mobile world of Android and iOS. That is the danger to Microsoft. It will be death by a thousand cuts, but, it will be death nonetheless. Microsoft will likely remain profitable the same way Apple remained a profitable company, even before the run-away success of the iPhone and iPod. But, it won't be ubiquitous. That ship sailed the moment Microsoft failed to understand Apple's genius (again, it's not Android that's the story but iOS). 2 11 hours ago Reply Jason Ward Hi Ed thanks for the response and contribution. And geez, you said my piece was long, look at this comment! LOL Anyway J/K. You know I meant to mention the piece about the young people using Android today on phones and chromebooks in school and being trained on these devices for the future. I simply forgot to include it and am kicking myself for that. But i did include a link at the end of the article, to a piece I wrote in 2015 that delves into that precise point titled "Google wants our children": http://www.windowscentral.com/google-wants-our-children Check it out and thanks for the input! :-) 1 10 hours ago Reply rodneyej Ed, the new guy,, you're thinking to hard.... Let's make it simple. ... The reason people don't like MS's NEWER products, and services, is because they don't know about them. You can't like what you don't know about.. End of story. See, it's easy. But, what makes things hard is that MS either doesn't know that, doesn't know what to do about that, or simply doesn't care..... Don't over think this.. This is all just the effects of inaction. 1 3 hours ago Reply Sven_Van_de_Velde Very disappointed in MS these days. Just cannot believe that the Windows Mobile 10 platform is not a strategy for growth. I just cannot believe that MS is letting mobile go. It shows the incompetence of the leadership. They have announced that MS has millions of insiders... Well, with such a dedicated audience, a launch of new mobile devices should bring some market share on mobile, not? MS is going down. It can be seen from far.   3 10 hours ago Reply rodneyej Sven_Van_de_Velde Imagine if MS kept building on the "growth" of WP8.1, with care, and continued the release of devices like the 1520, and 930... Pushing WP full steam right up till they were ready to release the "next big thing in mobile"..... Can you imagine where our devices would be today?? Why would MS not want that?🤔🤔🤔 0 3 hours ago Reply ExpressNature I think Android will not be a problem for Microsoft, as they are earning in billions from Android Patents. Now, they are getting benefits from their services to Android. 0 10 hours ago Reply rodneyej . 0 9 hours ago Reply OMG55 Satya doesn't think so, he's making Microsoft an android reseller. The upcoming event may introduce the Microsoft Chromebook; he's already introduced two of the three phones he promised but in the form the GS8 and Mi5....ubiquitous : / 1 8 hours ago Reply rodneyej Lol 0 3 hours ago Reply OMG55 Become an Android dealer, Satya is showing you, he wants to make Microsoft a laughing stock of the Tech world and everyone thought Elop was an implant when he was at Nokia and working with Microsoft..... Hmm 0 8 hours ago Reply rodneyej Didn't have a problem with Elop.. Much better times then. 1 3 hours ago Reply TRay D I guess I'm out of it cause I just cant understand why everyone would give up their privacy for this, Android/gooogle. Installing youtube on android wants permission to sms vs iPhone doesn't allow it. I used windows mobile since the trophy on Verizon and just switched to iPhone when the 6s came out. I don't see going to android anytime soon. I use my phone for banking and paying with apple pay..... security and privacy is extremely important to me. Its like I don't get it or most everybody else don't get it. -1 7 hours ago Reply Joscelin Trouwborst You are telling me seriously that Android is a serious OS? I think to achieve that, it has a long long way to go, if ever. -1 7 hours ago Reply DQuiLon I've been an Android user since very early 2011... I live in a country that was at a time the most important BlackBerry market, and as most I had quite a few BBs before Androids.... Having said that I never like owning the popular brand just because everyone had it... I had the Motorola Atrix 4G (trying to get one of the most powerful smartphones at the time, and also one of the most versatiles, I also got the Multimedia Dock which was very similar to the Lumia dock)... Then I bought 2 Samsungs Galaxy S3 on a trip before they reach my continent so I could sell them and make a profit, it turns out that I did like the Galaxy better than my aging Atrix so I kept one until a criminal assaulted me and took it from me. At this time I decided I didn't want Samsung again, because I wanted something different with more versatility, which the Galaxy notably lacked... So my 3rd Android device was the Sony Xperia Acro S, which was similar in performance to the Galaxy S3 (maybe a tad slower), but boy, it was versatile.... It was the first waterproof flagship smartphone (other waterproof devices sold as midrangers or low end)... And this Xperia had microHDMI, usb OTG, NFC, included a charging dock, which let me use it as a pseudo-computer with a TV, and it has been the most robust phone I have ever had since my Nokia days... That impression left me with such a good feeling that I upgraded to the Xperia Z3 Compact (I disliked big phones), and to be honest, Sony dropped the ball.... Somewhere along the Z line, the Xperias became pretty but extremely fragile compared to their predecessors... I babied the Z3C and the glass cracked while being inside my pocket, making the digitizer unusable. All of this that I am telling is to make the point that today I am using an older Z1 Compact that I initially bought to my wife, because the Z3C is now practically garbage, and I am lookind around for a new exciting smartphone and to be honest, NOT A SINGLE PHONE EXCITES ME TODAY.  Samsung is predictable and arguably the best to have, Apple's iPhone is extremely boring and limiting (I will never go that route), LG doesn't appeal, Sony has quality issues and bad support, and as for the rest I really care very little. After buying a Surface Book (1st gen) back in November 2016 for a project I had, I fell in love with the device... it revived an appealing for Windows, and Laptops in general that I had lost since my first incursion in the smartphone world..... I had been trying to replace my aging Asus Laptop with a versatile smartphone for at least 5 years, but in the end, it was the Surface Book the one that replaced the need to have a Laptop, Tablet and a phone for serious work, gaming and entretainment....  So for the first time in 6 years with Android, the year 2017 was(is?) the year when I actually look forward to Microsoft and hope that they come up with some sort of Surface Phone which I would actually get if it materialize, however rumours seems to point to a different path and since I already have plenty Sony accesories I might stick with them for a little longer, inspite my current concerns... 0 4 hours ago Reply rodneyej Jason... Funny thing is that I just read your comment, and it literally has the same sayings as my second comment below.. So odd. We think just alike. ...... The way you think, and word things, I'm thinking you're a car guy, and read a lot about the auto industry.. We see these same dynamics between auto manufactures. Some are great for decades, then some (like Hyundai/Kia/Genesis) just execute out of thin air, and begin to innovate in design, and gain mindshare..... You should use these analogies in your writing. 0 3 hours ago Reply n m There was a fox at Microsofts door a decade ago. They let it in, feed it, stroked it and let it run amok killing all it's chickens, all the while MS looked on and thought it'll eventually give up and go home. Now that same fox has morphed into a giant ogre of gargantuan proportions consuming everything in it's path, meanwhile MS looks on doing nothing, presuming it will give up and go home. Or just like David V Goliath, Android gave MS a stone to the forehead in the opening round, from there it was all over. 0 3 hours ago Reply JamesDax3 I disagree. 0 14 hours ago Reply final_fantasy781 I don't know about you, but donuts taste like baked goods, whether they're baked or fried. 3 13 hours ago Reply rodneyej Disagree With what, James? 0 3 hours ago Reply kenzibit Until Microsoft goes mobile and takes it seriously no matter the failures, Apple will be next to overtake it. 11 14 hours ago Reply infosage The fact that Windows 10 is no where near 1 billion users means that Nadella's Plan A has dramatically failed.  The failure of strategy has drug down mobile, wearables, IOT, and UWP with it.  Right now the question is, does Nadella have a Plan B that includes consumers? 14 13 hours ago Reply Dusteater He most certainly does not. 4 13 hours ago Reply Richard Loveridge It's about 500 million. On devices that you know cost the consumer up front. How many Android phones would sell if people had to pay £700 for their latest phone??? Yeah I thought so. 0 13 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Very few Android devices cost that much. You can get a great Android phone for $300-$400.  1 11 hours ago Reply bleached Consumers pay $700 for the latest phone in monthly payments just like people who buy computers with credit. You don't have to pay up front for either. 0 2 hours ago Reply Sven_Van_de_Velde The one billion users was a business case quotum and a marketing trick. People don't move to Windows 10 because if the privacy issues which had given the product a bad reputation. Damaged has been done. I have a Lumia 950xl and just cannot believe that WM10 has not triggered the creation of many mobile devices delivered by partners as was there mobile strategy of MS a few months ago. Every partner left, because they don't see a commitment from MS. Clearly, MS is lead today by an accountant, who  just does not have the balls to invest in great products and it's partners. My take on it. MS is making big mistake. The discontinuation of the Lumia 1520 support again is a proof of the incompetence at the MS commercial department. They shouldn't have made such a fuss about it, and just kept on delivering and supporting it. They have added now one unhappy customer who very recently has repaired his Lumia 1520 (new usn port and battery) for 72€, as a present for his son. The phone won't get the creators update.... Thanks Microsoft!   0 10 hours ago Reply dalydose It's a serious problem because someone like me who has had Microsoft in my pocket since they were called Pocket PC, is waiting for my Galaxy S8 (not MS edition) to show up tomorrow. I thought I'd be the one turning out the lights, but Microsoft keeps insulting me and pushing me towards the door, and I know when I'm not welcome. It's important because I'm "all in" with Samsung and mostly out with Microsoft. I got the Gear S3 watch to go with the phone. I'll probably get the Dex dock then when it falls in price a bit. My next tablet will be a Sammy Android. I'll keep Windows as my laptop of choice, but I'll no longer subscribe to Groove and I just renewed Office 365 for maybe the last time. 28 14 hours ago Reply buzzard75 If I don't see something in the next few weeks at Build, I'll probably be in the same boat. I'm impatiently awaiting my Garmin fenix 5 watch, but am contemplating cancelling that order. I bought that because I wanted a smart/fitness watch that actually looked like a watch and it worked with Windows. Granted it would work with a GS8 phone as well, but I could get a Gear S3 so much cheaper. 4 13 hours ago Reply dalydose I had the Garmin Vivoactive as a Band replacement. I found a "Garmin Certified" refurbished deal on Amazon.  OF COURSE, it had trouble syncing with my Lumia 950 and notifications didn't work, so I returned it.  That was part of the tornado of events that sent me to the AT&T Store to pre-order the GS8.  The final straw for me was when Microsoft announced it was selling the GS8 (MS Edition) at their own stores.  Stil seems strange that my Windows device will be demoted to a backup phone and hobby thing that I play with on WiFi at home, but it will have no functioning SIM card.  Poetically, Samsung was my first Windows Phone, back in the day and now Samsung is ushering me out. 0 13 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 This ^ I think the Galaxy S8 puts Samsung in very good position as a technology company, even above Google, people who buy Samsung Galaxy S8 don't worry if it has Android or if it has Touchwiz, they just know it has the best technology and its the best gadget in 2017. This is a virtue cycle for both Google and Samsung but not for Microsoft.  Another story could be told if Microsoft had cloned/forked Android 3 years ago when Satya Nadella took over and had the vision to start talks with Samsung and have them build a Samsung device every year powered by both Google's Android (supported by Google appstore) and Microsoft's Android Clone (supported by Microsoft appstore) And consumers would have same experience on both devices, since both would support Android apps, the only difference would be that one appstore would be controlled by Google and another by Microsoft. 4 12 hours ago Reply NPGMBR Samer here.  I'm a big Microsoft fan but I'm feeling fairly betrayed as far as Windows Mobile is concerned.  My L950 is still fairly unstable and my favorite features like Cortana don't work as well as they did on Windows Phone 8.1.  I've given Microsoft far too many years to get it right and tired of being part of the "Cell Phone Beta Test" so I give up.  Upgrading to a GS8.  Problem of Microsoft is ... do they wanna also loose my XBox Live subscription and my Groove subscription and all the Movie & TV shows I buy?  Well its a damd good chance thats gonna happen if I try out Google's services and like them. 6 12 hours ago Reply Shobiz Same.  Although, I not going to give up my Xbox Live.  0 11 hours ago Reply Scabrat I see how people keep saying Google Home and Alexa are leaving Cortana without a home. That may be true for some tech enthusiests. But the "normals" still dont have either from what I can gather. And may not see the point either. Many people go, "If I want the weather I have a phone. If I need a question asked I have my phone." Depending on work flows I think its a very valid statement and reason not go get an assistant. I think if Cortana, Alexa, Bixby, any of them, want to really be part of the home in the "now" they will have to provide something else to normal consumers.  1 14 hours ago Reply erasure25 It doesn't help that Cortana is slow on the Xbox One.  They need to speed up her response times.  Too often I have to wait 5 seconds or more for a response, or I get the "Can't connect right now, check back later!"  My Xbox is connected to wifi and I have a three band high quality router.  There should be no connecting issues.  There are no connection issues with any of my other devices.  That lack of polish on what is one of Cortana's inroads into the home is embarrassing. 6 13 hours ago Reply Whodaboss Well, go back and configure it back to XBOX.  XBOX turn on.  XBOX turn off.  XBOX etc...  There's no delay at all.  I tried using Cortana and it sucked on the XBox so I configured it back to recognize XBOX commands.  There's a setting to have it recognize Xbox vs. Cortana. 0 13 hours ago Reply crise Well that's exactly the problem with Microsoft stuff. Always you have to configure stuff. Nothing just works optimally. 2 10 hours ago Reply dgr_874 Take all my upvotes... 0 11 hours ago Reply Brian2014 Most-used on which devices? I can't imagine Android being the most popular desktop OS, ever. But yes with mobile devices it will certainly be 5 14 hours ago Reply Scabrat Most used OS running. So more android handsets out there than windows pcs. I think its a stupid comparison really. Because they both serve very different markets and work flows. Like you said, Android isnt on desktops. And Windows, sadly imo, isnt on mobile.  7 13 hours ago Reply Hoekie Nope, statcounter means internet usage. Yep, some overlap but mostly complementary. 0 13 hours ago Reply Jezza Which is why Microsoft is now trying to stop Chrome OS before it gets any bigger with Windows Cloud 0 13 hours ago Reply Pappale Android is leading because no name or not well known Chinese manufacturers are flooding the market with inexpensive tablets/phones with Android. How many people can afford a Surface Pro?? 1 in 50  How many people can afford a made in China tablet with Andorid??? 1 in 5 1 13 hours ago Reply nusense WTF? You can find tons of cheap Chinese win10 tablets..  0 13 hours ago Reply Ahy Nonimous With a paltry offering of apps.  The app gap IS the problem in the consumer space.  That is all. 4 12 hours ago Reply Basi Abodes No,never 0 10 hours ago Reply dalydose I feel the pain. I **wish** I could afford a Surface Pro!  I guess, technically, I could...if I gave up food and some bills for a couple of months! :D  1 13 hours ago Reply bleached I saw a deal on a 64GB SP3 for $299 today. It is well worth that. I love mine. 0 9 hours ago Reply Hoekie Just browsing. Jason got things mixed up. 2 13 hours ago Reply five-one-three Most used on devices you can buy 12 for $20 1 13 hours ago Reply Cryio It doesn't matter at the moment. People still use Windows on desktop for every/anything. Android is not build for landscape/big screen so it won't be used as a desktop replacement anytime soon. 3 14 hours ago Reply Ratindra Sharma How long will it take for Android to work on scaling issue? MS really has a problem with Android gaining markets and venturing in new domains. MS has to have a share in the mobile computing, hopefully Windows Cloud brings that charm 4 13 hours ago Reply Pappale at the moment not, but things are evolving very fast. They need to make decisions which will have huge impact in 5y/10y on the market -1 13 hours ago Reply Dusteater That's not true, when I go visit my customers these days I see mostly Macs, very few Windows PC's being used in the tech industry. -3 13 hours ago Reply nusense Than why is Mac OS still around 7-9% marketshare for the last decade in the desktop os space?  1 13 hours ago Reply Ahy Nonimous Completely anecdotal.  The metrics don't back up your assertion at all.  Web developers use MacBooks quite a bit, but they only make up a fraction of the "tech industry" as you put it.  0 12 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 ChromeOS marketshare is growing big in US, which is a developed economy, I even seen reports that ChromeOS is going to overtake MacOS very soon, so Microsoft shouldn't underestimate ChromeOS, specially now that Samsung is building Premium 2 in 1 devices with 128GB SSD, S-Pen support and ARM CPU. 2 12 hours ago Reply pallentx Yes, on the desktop, for now, Windows dominates. The trouble is, people dont use desktops as much any more and will use them less and less. Notice how home automation devices, new IOT devices, basically everything new coming out connects to a phone app, not a PC. Even home automation thats set up in your house doesnt connect via PC. 1 10 hours ago Reply theefman They dont seem to see it as much of a problem since they are happy to sell android devices in their stores. 7 13 hours ago Reply Jason Ward If you can't beat'em (yet😉), saturate thier devices with your software so that the Microsoft brand persists as a "personal computing platform" 🙂 http://www.windowscentral.com/if-windows-phone-fails-plan-b 4 13 hours ago Reply snakechia While waiting for the paradigm shift and not stay relevant, is an epic failure. What Satya doing now is bring MS to eat its own saving and not investing in future, even thought keep saying is investing in the future 1 13 hours ago Reply theefman That kind of goes against the premise of the article, if android is a "problem" for Microsoft the perception that they have surrendered to it (by selling android devices) isnt going to help them solve that problem. The strategy of saturating android with MS software is overshadowed by the fact than Microsoft is now just another android retailer. Not sure thats the kind of branding they're looking for. 2 13 hours ago Reply dalydose That's IF people are going to walk in, in droves to the Microsoft Store to buy these things.  That's IF people are going to use Microsoft software and services.  This assumes that Android fans are, in significant numbers, also Microsoft fans.  I was the biggest Microsoft fan, but I'm getting a (non-Microsoft Edition GS8)  I'm not renewing Groove. I just renewed Office 365 for probably the last time. I definitely won't be using add-ons like Cortana.  I'll use the 1st party, built-in stuff.  I will no longer be using Windows Maps as my new internal debate will be Waze vs Google Maps. I just don't see the sales coming from the Microsoft that they think will come.  I went the 0% financing route from AT&T and even IF I was going to put a bunch of MS stuff on there, I would have done it myself. 2 12 hours ago Reply gabba25 Don't they stil get royalties paid for every Android phone sold? If its not that, then its about bringing Microsoft apps to the users 1 13 hours ago Reply bleached Depends on the device. I think the majority of Android devices with FAT32 support (SD cards) gets them a royalty. Not sure what other parents they claim, but not everyone pays them a royalty for Android. 0 9 hours ago Reply OMG55 Boo, Satya made deals with all of them and waved the fees for most. 0 6 hours ago Reply colinkiama Microsoft are still getting used to reaching consumers. They have ALOT of work to do 0 13 hours ago Reply Antonio Ponton1 Become laser focused, like the Xbox division. That is what they need for the mobile side of things. They have the vision, they just need the execution. 1 13 hours ago Reply Mister Wolf Totally agree with this, although Xbox One had a bad, bad start. They seem like a confident unit of MS, with Scorpio etc. The damage that was done in the beginning has bee controlled quite quickly for Microsoft. Xbox Division is way more nimble than the rest of MS. 0 13 hours ago Reply dgr_874 Imagine if they could get someone like Phil Spencer to lead the mobile division? Only good things could happen. 0 11 hours ago Reply Whodaboss Well, of recent times Microsoft marketing and advertising has been poor.  They say they want to be in a certain market but their actions doesn't show it at all.  At least when it comes to mobile.  Their problem is they can't stay focus enough on something long term and make it work.  For example Microsoft had a great product in their Kinect.  That type of technology should have turned into something like Alexa long time ago.  I really enjoy the Echo dot.  Plus the name Alexa comes of the tongue easily.  They are too busy trying to figure out what's over the next bend, versus attempting to figure out the here and now. 4 13 hours ago Reply sniperboywc Microsoft is like a crab in a pot of water with Google gradually turning up the heat. Like with the Window Phone, when Microsoft will realizes they are behind the curb, it will be too late.  1 13 hours ago Reply cr_buck Microsoft has one easy way to try to get back into the hearts and minds of consumers. Make all iterations of Windows work best together first. Then offer at least one great hardware product for each version. Finally, leverage all this via Xbox and gaming PCs and make them second to none. Get in the hearts and minds of gamers and not only are they willing to spend the money but they are willing to sing your praises. The biggest thing though is they need to make Microsoft products first at all times. Basically if you drink the Microsoft cool-aid you get the best experience. Apple and Google use that approach with great success. 1 13 hours ago Reply Hoekie Not most used OS, but most used for browsing the internet. Pretty big difference! So mostly non serious child/consumer stuff. 2 13 hours ago Reply FerdiFerdi Keep a hold of that IBM machine, partner.... 2 13 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick Does the distinction actually matter? It's the computing device that a mjaority of people use as their primary (sometimes only) device.  2 11 hours ago Reply pallentx PCs are being used less and less. Heck, I have 2 desktops at home and rarely use them. Before the Surface line came along, I used iPads for most of my personal computing. Every new device that comes out now connects to your phone, not your PC. The PC as your computing hub is ending. Only creators and heavy business users will use PC - maybe hardcore gamers for a while. 0 10 hours ago Reply Ron McCord I was a big Microsoft fan, outlook for 20 years but the lack of innovation and especially no apps for the cell phone, i gave android, inbox gsuite a try and realize how much better it is. I just dont see how Microsoft will get back in the game as far as cell phones... That is where the market is going and Microsoft will be left behind... There are many Apple Sheep out there as well, I think it too will lose market share as not everyone wants to use outdated or one size fits all products Apple offers -2 13 hours ago Reply Dusteater The biggest issue for me with Microsoft in general is their lack of interest providing services that work in the car. They have been actively working against people who drive cars forever. The reason I left Windows Phone was because of their refusal to support MirrorLink. So now they have their apps on iOS, but refuse to support CarPlay. This is why I have not renewed my subscription and use Amazon Prime for music now. Microsoft doesn't get it, as evidenced by their shuttle bus system in Redmond. I don't think any of their engineers even know how to drive a car. Every day, Microsoft is pushing me away from their devices and their services. Not even Panos Panay gets it with the Surface line. He is so in love with proprietary ports and refuses to adopt USB-C and Thunderbolt 3, makes Surface devices more or less useless. I am pretty disappointed to see what has happened to microsoft over the last couple of years, going in the wrong direction. They are only investing in things that normal people could care less about. 0 13 hours ago Reply naddy69 Could NOT care less about.  1 12 hours ago Reply GraniteStateColin As a passionate driver, as far as I can tell, I can do everything I want with my phone (Lumia Icon running Windows 10 Creators Update) in my car. I'm not expert at iOS or Android, so I would acknowledge maybe there's even more I could do with one of those. With Bluetooth, my phone is fully integrated with my car. It uses the microphone, dedicated phone speaker, and touchscreen built into the car to talk, play music, and issue any voice commands to my phone. And for custom Windows stuff that weren't pre-built into my car back when it was built, Cortana will take over the car mic and speakers and accept all other commands for weather or traffic checks, taking notes into OneNote, sending text messages or e-mails via voice control, etc. If I'm missing out on anything, I don't know what it could be. Regarding ports, sure including at least one USB-C would be better, but Surface Book and Surface Studio both include USB 3.0 ports, which is certainly more standard than USB-C at this point. USB-C remains a future-oriented port. There are very few devices that use USB-C today. Even devices that support it, like, say the Logitech BRIO 4k camera, still expect the USB-A port at the other end, which is what is included with the Surface line. Similarly, DisplayPort is the main interface for monitors, followed by HDMI. Again, I have no argument that it would be a plus to include Thuderbolt (I agree that would have made them even better systems), but asserting that the system is guilty of abandoning standards in favor of proprietary connectors, because last year's models don't yet include ports to support ports that very, very few people use is just not a rational position. If MS had only included USB-C and Thunderbolt and left out USB-A and DP, especially back when those systems were released, that would have made life harder for users than including the ports they did. 1 12 hours ago Reply Saeglopur89 They had system like Apple CarPlay or what was name of it. But again Microsoft did nothing with it, also killing mobile didn't help so car manufacturers skiped on that :/ This moght be as big problem as app gap but even more dangarous for platform because those cars will be driving for years! Also I understand car manufacturers as app dev - they couldn't trust MS that this will be supported and usable after 3-5 years because so far we had to rewrite windows apps so far and few technologies were ditched. On the other side they can be safe with integrated Google and Apple services. This is that famous MS enterprise approach? :/ 1 11 hours ago Reply AbhiWindows10 Man!!! Google knows how to market! 1 13 hours ago Reply snakechia When Satya Nadella said, waiting for the paradigm shift, I think Microsoft will be long death before seeing the shift 2 13 hours ago Reply jason8957 I just don't understand the attachment to Android.  Every Android device I have used is a buggy, crashy nightmare.  My Sony TV is a prime example, I have tried to use the TV's Android interface, but it is so buggy I just ended up running everything on my XBOX instead.  Android phones are little better in my experience, but they're cheap, I guess. 0 13 hours ago Reply FerdiFerdi Has it ever struck you that a tv is not a smart phone?   4 13 hours ago Reply jason8957 It says android in bright colorful letters when it reboots (after it crashes).  It runs android apps.  Why put it on a TV if it is not suitable for a TV?  My XBOX just works. I have used lots of Google services and products and more often than not, they are half-baked at best.  But that's OK for Google because... they're an Adware company?  I don't know. -2 12 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick That's the same on any smart TV. TV OEM's don't want to spend money on a processor that will actually run a smart OS well. If the TV had Xbox OS with the same paltry specs, that'd be slow as well.  0 11 hours ago Reply Alan Fidler And yet Adroid on my Panasonic TV is rock solid! You may like to try complaining to Sony about their buggy outdated version of Smart TV adroid interface.   1 10 hours ago Reply Ahy Nonimous Your sample size is way too small.  Try a top-flight Android phone, and you'll sing a different tune, I promise.  1 12 hours ago Reply Saeglopur89 True that they are mainly useless devices but at least they are pushing those devices, OS and solutions to the market. MS had partner who did all of that very well and they just destroyed it and now is a competitor - Nokia with Android. -1 11 hours ago Reply kelvin Harris2 android sucks! 0 13 hours ago Reply Mister Wolf Yet they're kicking ass. 5 13 hours ago Reply itguy09 Windows has sucked for 30 years and won.  Just because you are better doesn't mean you win.... -1 8 hours ago Reply Alan Fidler If that was true it would not be as popular as it is. Noithing that sucks becomes wildly popular with the masses. 0 10 hours ago Reply WilliamC1972 As far as the personal computer goes, Microsoft has nothing to worry about. Phones, that's a totally story. -3 13 hours ago Reply Ahy Nonimous The traditional PC market is shrinking.  In the consumer space, MS has everything to worry about. 5 12 hours ago Reply Tom Westrick A phone is a personal computer.  2 11 hours ago Reply djarchow I don't agree with this, especially in the long term. A good example is the US education market. Chromebooks now make up 51% of the computing devices sold for education. Apple has 24% and Microsoft is at 23%. Google now has 20 million students using Chromebooks worldwide. This is double the number last year. In fact Chrome books have gone from 2% of the education market in 2012 to 50% in 2016. Google is making a play for the PC space. Chrome book sales eclipsed Mac sales this year. They have a long way to go to unseat Microsoft in both sales and capabilities; but they are progressing far faster in that space than Microsoft is in phones. 0 10 hours ago Reply newnews MS is best developer for android and ios -1 13 hours ago Reply kaktus1389 From what I can see on the screenshots, Samsung Dex has far more features than Continuum, looks better and probably runs better. Instead of MS taking this as a serious threat, they even started selling their competitor's phone with "copied my homework but did it properly" feature. Absolutely barbaric.  5 13 hours ago Reply wipeout2185 Don't forget Groove, a good service nobody knows exists. Seriously Microsoft's marketing team need sacking. 2 13 hours ago Reply Dusteater I used Groove until I switched to an iPhone. Groove doesn't support CarPlay because Microsoft devs are lazy. Amazon Prime Music does support CarPlay, so I switched to that. Groove is the only music service that cannot work with Apple CarPlay, which is inexcusable. 4 13 hours ago Reply wipeout2185 It's a shame, I like the platform and rarely have trouble with it but when my 950's up for renewal I'll most likeably be jumping ship and like yourself moving services to. 0 13 hours ago Reply Mister Wolf Groove doesn't even exist on my One Plus. Like you said, Amazon Music is way better. There are many services, and music players which are far superior to Groove. 1 13 hours ago Reply NPGMBR I'm confused by that.  Couldn't you just play Groove with a direct connection to your car via Bluetooth?   0 11 hours ago Reply dalydose I'm sad to be dumping Groove, but they are not as cross platform as they think.  I can't use it to play music through my Roku box.  It can't put songs on my new Gear S3 watch.  I think I'm headed towards Spotify for the exact same money.  I even found an app that sends my Groove playlists that I've made over the years, to Spotify.  3 12 hours ago Reply dov1978 I liked Groove but there's no way I'm paying one of the most expensive subscriptions out there when there's still no Family Plan available for it. Such a waste 3 12 hours ago Reply Laura Knotek I cancelled my Groove subscription at the end of 2015, and I've used Spotify ever since. It works well for me. 0 10 hours ago Reply wipeout2185 I was thinking of doing the same the other day, even dl Spotify then found out they'd dropped support for WP. I'm now stuck with Groove until I can change my phone in a few months. 0 10 hours ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Could Build An Ad Blocker Into Chrome By Tyler Lee on 04/19/2017 17:43 PDT As Google’s Chrome browser supports extensions, this has led to the creation of a variety of different ad blocking extensions and services. However those extensions may soon no longer be necessary because according to a report from The Wall Street Journal, it seems that Google could be building an ad blocker directly inside Chrome itself. According to the report, the ad blocker will be enabled by default and it will block and filter ads that are deemed to provide bad experiences to users. While this sounds like good news, we should remind you guys that Google is part of AdBlock Plus’ “Acceptable Ads” program, meaning that Google pays to have its ads whitelisted by the ad blocker. What this means for Chrome’s rumored built-in ad blocker is that it will just be selective about what ads can or cannot be displayed, and that it won’t be completely blocking ads like current ad blockers. Instead it is expected to block ads deemed unacceptable by the standards set by the Coalition for Better Ads, which includes formats such as pop-ups, videos that play automatically, or ads with countdown timers. Basically annoying and intrusive ads will be blocked, so if you believe that websites (such as ours) have the right to earn money through ads as long as they’re not annoying, then this rumored feature could come in handy. The report claims that Google could announce the feature within weeks, and given that Google I/O 2017 takes place in May, we wouldn’t be surprised if the feature were to be announced then. Filed in General >Rumors. Read more about Apps, Chrome and Google. Related Articles 2017-04-19 Some Pixel XL Devices Accidentally Receive Internal Android Update 2017-04-18 Google Voice Gets Improved Spam Call Filtering 2017-04-18 Google Maps For iOS Now Supports Timeline 2017-04-18 Google Assistant’s Speech Tech Now Open to Developers 2017-04-11 Google Wants To Eliminate Page Jumps In Latest Version Of Chrome 2017-03-14 Chrome For iOS Gets Safari-Like Reading List Functionality 2017-03-09 Chrome For iOS To Get Safari Reading List-Like Feature 2017-02-23 Latest Chrome Beta Adds Support For Touch Bar Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones TVs Computing Apps Cloud Brand Centres Components Desktop PCs Laptops & Convertibles Monitors Networking & WiFi Security Servers & Storage Software & Services Tablets & eBook Windows Hardware & Software Batteries & Energy Blu-ray Cameras (Stills) Cameras (Video) Virtual Assistants Drones Gadgets GPS and Sat Nav Headphones & Earbuds Home Appliances Home Theatre & Entertainment Media Streamers Printers, Scanners & MFDs Set Top Boxes and PVR Smart Watch & Wearables Smart Home Software & Services Speakers VR and AR Wireless routers & networking Business Centre Business Center Home Cloud Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin & Blockchain eCommerce & Retail Fintech Govt. & Telecomms Hardware Innovation IoT Mobility NBN Networking Search Security Servers & Storage Software & Dev Whitepapers Games & Gaming Console PC More 3D Printing A.I. Car Tech Books Broadband Coding & Hacking Copyright & DRM Education Events Fashion Google Government Health Internet Kids & Toys Music & Audio NBN Netflix & SVOD New & Future Tech Privacy Quantum Computing Recycling & Green Tech Science & Space Social Media Sports Robots Tor & Darknet Travel Web/Geek/Nerd culture Wikileaks & Censorship Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Google expands Earth with new VR tours, but Daydre... Google expands Earth with new VR tours, but Daydream support nowhere to be seen The new app for Chrome and Android brings new locations and search to VR. Michael Simon on 19 April, 2017 02:25 0 - - - - print email While Maps is far and away the most popular tool for traversing the globe, Google hasn’t forgotten about its other project, Earth. And just in time for Earth Day, Google is giving it a major upgrade. In an event at the Whitney Museum of Art in New York City today, Google took the wraps off the new Earth project for Android and Chrome. The fruits of nearly two years of labor, the new app’s marquee feature, called Voyager, enhances the way you explore the planet, adding tours guided by “some of the world’s leading storytellers, scientists, and nonprofits.” For example, you can now take a journey though through jungles with BBC Earth or learn about chimpanzees in Gombe National Park from Jane Goodall. Google says there are “more than 50 immersive stories in Voyager, and more added weekly.” Google has also added a fun new “I’m feeling lucky” button into Google Earth, which will take you to a random locale chosen from some 20,000 curated places. Once you’ve landed, a Knowledge Card will teach you history and facts about it. Additionally, you’ll now be also to share you favorite places with friends by sending a Postcard. Also new to Google Earth is some serious 3D and VR enhancements. While Daydream support is still notably absent, you can now search in Earth VR and explore new places like the Neuschwanstein Castle in Germany, Table Mountain in South Africa, Perito Moreno Glacier in Argentina, and dozens of others. On the 3D front, you can “swoop around the Grand Canyon and see geological layers, or check out the majestic architecture and pristine grounds of the 500-year-old Château de Chambord in the Loire Valley in France.” Earth VR has also expanded beyond the HTC Vive to include Oculus Rift support. The new Google Earth is available on the web in Chrome and is rolling out to Android phones this week. It will hit iOS and other browsers “in the near future.” Out of this world: While the new Google Earth features are certainly cool, we were really hoping to see Daydream support for Earth VR. Hopefully Google will bring support soon, but with both of the platforms supported needing some serious hardware, it might be a while before it comes to a phone-based headset. HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 More from HP Inc Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Michael Simon Unknown Publication Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Mobile Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Exec HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Budget Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Subaru XV 2017 review 2 ​Samsung 2017 QLED Q7 TV: Full, in-depth review 3 ​Kogan Atlas UltraSlim Pro laptop: full, in-depth review 4 ​Gigabyte Aorus GA-AX370-Gaming 5 AMD Ryzen AM4 motherboard review 5 ​Kogan curved 4K UHD 55-inch LED LCD TV review Latest News Articles ​How to avoid being attacked by ransomware ​Five minutes with Cassandra Keyes: The world’s sexiest photographer 3 reasons why Hyperscale is the new driver of Data Centres A vigilante hacker may have built a computer worm to protect the IoT Facebook launches tool for capturing 360 video inside VR Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles PCW Evaluation Team Azadeh Williams HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 A smarter way to print for busy small business owners, combining speedy printing with scanning and copying, making it easier to produce high quality documents and images at a touch of a button. Andrew Grant HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 I've had a multifunction printer in the office going on 10 years now. It was a neat bit of kit back in the day -- print, copy, scan, fax -- when printing over WiFi felt a bit like magic. It’s seen better days though and an upgrade’s well overdue. This HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 looks like it ticks all the same boxes: print, copy, scan, and fax. (Really? Does anyone fax anything any more? I guess it's good to know the facility’s there, just in case.) Printing over WiFi is more-or- less standard these days. Ed Dawson HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 As a freelance writer who is always on the go, I like my technology to be both efficient and effective so I can do my job well. The HP OfficeJet Pro 8730 Inkjet Printer ticks all the boxes in terms of form factor, performance and user interface. Michael Hargreaves Windows 10 for Business / Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Aysha Strobbe Windows 10 / HP Spectre x360 Ultimately, I think the Windows 10 environment is excellent for me as it caters for so many different uses. The inclusion of the Xbox app is also great for when you need some downtime too! Mark Escubio Windows 10 / Lenovo Yoga 910 For me, the Xbox Play Anywhere is a great new feature as it allows you to play your current Xbox games with higher resolutions and better graphics without forking out extra cash for another copy. Although available titles are still scarce, but I’m sure it will grow in time. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Samsung Galaxy S8 phone: full, in-depth review Ryzen 5 vs Intel Core i5 CPU Australian review ​Mass Effect Andromeda review: One for the fans Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSenior Systems EngineerNSW TPProduct ManagerVIC FTService Delivery AnalystNSW FTTest Analyst - HCMSNSW CCOracle CCB DesignerVIC CCSenior Project ManagerNSW CCExecutive SupportWA FTProject Manager (Cyber Security) - Permanent - IT Services - North Ryde areaNSW TPSOE EngineerACT FTPERMANENT Business AnalystsACT FTDrupal Web DeveloperACT TPTesting SpecialistQLD CCProject AdministratorNSW FTSenior Infrastructure Business AnalystVIC CCSenior Project CoordinatorNSW FTSenior Analyst ProgrammerACT FTSecurity Manager (Adviser)ACT FTSenior Capacity Planner | Contract through till DecemberVIC FTSenior ERP Project ManagerQLD FTSenior Security AnalystACT FTApplication Services AdministratorNSW FT.Net DeveloperNSW FTSAP Solution ArchitectsACT CCSoftware ManagerVIC CCSAP CRM Functional AnalystSA Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Virgin Australia tests in-flight Wi-Fi computerworld.com.au Mobile VPN just the beginning as Wangle’s scalable network stack eyes the enterprise cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Govt cyber security plan marks new scope for the Aussie IT channel arnnet.com.au ​Bricks and clicks: Balancing digital and physical to win the retail game cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Report: Google will add an ad blocker to all versions of Chrome web browser The owner of the web's biggest advertising platform is building an ad blocker? Ron Amadeo - Apr 20, 2017 12:45 am UTC Enlarge / A totally-not-official rendering of what the Chrome Adblocker logo might look like. Ron Amadeo reader comments 112 Share this story The Wall Street Journal just dropped a shocker of a report: Google, the biggest web advertising company in the world, is planning to build an ad blocker into Google Chrome, the world's most popular web browser. The ad blocker will reportedly end up in the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome and would be switched on by default. If true, this report suggests a major conflict of interest for Google. Today Chrome covers over 50 percent of the browsing market, according to Net Market Share, and Google would kill its income if it started blocking Google ads. Of course, Google won't block Google ads. Instead, according to the report, Chrome will target "unacceptable ads" as defined by the Coalition for Better Ads. The Coalition for Better Ads, which counts Google and Facebook among its members, has a page of "least preferred ad experiences" up on its website. This page calls out pop-ups, autoplaying video ads with sound, interstitial ads with countdowns, and large "sticky" ads as "below the threshold of consumer acceptability." Further ReadingAdblock Plus finds the end-game of its business model: Selling adsThe Journal notes "in one possible application Google is considering" Google could block all ads on a site that doesn't comply with the rules, rather than just block offending ads. Presumably this would stop websites from using a mix of "acceptable" and "unacceptable" ads with the hope that the "unacceptable" ads are seen by non-Chrome users, since they risk losing out on all revenue from all Chrome users. The report says "people familiar with the plans" describe the move as a "defensive" one. Ad blockers are gaining in popularity, and with Chrome's 50+ percent browser market share and auto-updating ability, the Chrome ad blocker would instantly become the most widely used solution out there. This would give Google control over the ad-blocking market, the ad industry as a whole, and even over its competitors, which offer many of the "unacceptable ad" formats the coalition is targeting. Third-party ad-blocking solutions like Adblock Plus actually charge web sites money to display ads to Adblock Plus users, and Google is a member of this whitelist-for-cash program. Running its own ad-blocking program might shut out, or at least reduce, the fees the company pays to third parties like Adblock Plus. Chrome already blocks window-spawning pop-up ads, but the move to block even more ads would still be a counter-intuitive one. To beat the ad blockers, Google must become an ad blocker. Update: A Google spokesperson passed along a statement. "We do not comment on rumor or speculation," the spokesperson told Ars. "We’ve been working closely with the Coalition for Better Ads and industry trades to explore a multitude of ways Google and other members of the Coalition could support the Better Ads Standards." Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 112 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Nielsen, Google team for ad impression measurement April 20, 2017 Global performance management company Nielsen has been named to Google’s Marketing Mix Model Partner programme. As a preferred partner, this programme enables Nielsen to collect Google advertising impression and spend data directly from Google in a standardised, granular and accurate way. Collectively, this combines the power of Nielsen’s Marketing Mix Modelling capabilities and Google’s media data to ensure advertisers can measure the ROI of their digital investments with precision and confidently understand the drivers of ROI to improve returns year-over-year. Nielsen’s custom marketing mix solution offers advertisers a holistic understanding of what’s driving sales. It takes into account both marketing and non-marketing factors, to truly understand the impact of their activities and how to optimize marketing spend going forward. Advertisers can simulate and optimise marketing budget allocations with Nielsen’s web-based Marketing Planner tool, that informs smarter decisions on where to invest marketing dollars. “We are excited to be included in the inaugural launch of Google’s Marketing Mix Model Partner programme,” declared Josh Kowal, senior vice president, Nielsen Marketing ROI. “By working directly with Google, this analytic alliance will give our clients a more comprehensive view of marketing spend outcomes to help make better, faster and more informed decisions.” “With this new partnership programme, we’re excited to work with Nielsen to provide our clients with accurate and independent insight into how their digital ads are performing and delivering a return on investment,” added Babak Pahlavan, senior director product management, Google. “This partnership programme will allow us to uphold high standards in data privacy and security while also offering our clients transparency into how these ads are impacting their bottom line.”   Related posts: Adobe, Nielsen team for cross-platform measurement Google, Nielsen ad serve research Nielsen, GroupM cross-platform ad-measurement tool Nielsen Twitter TV ratings expand to Australia Roku, Nielsen OTT measurement deal You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Ultra HD cricket from Sky HBO, Sky launch new global drama powerhouse AOL, Twitter content partnership BritBox now on Roku Fubo scores Chelsea TV deal 60% US 'net homes have at least 1 connected TV Sling TV goes OTT on LG Smart TVs MX1, Vubiquity global linear distribution deal Nielsen, Google team for ad impression measurement Vivendi ordered to cut TI or Mediaset stake Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Chrome with built-in ad-blocker may target the most obnoxious ads Brittany A. Roston - Apr 19, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google is planning to add a built-in ad-blocker to Chrome, according to sources, and it will target the Internet’s most obnoxious types of advertisements. These sub-standard advertisements include things like videos that automatically start playing and advertisements that won’t disappear until a long countdown timer is finished. The sources indicate that Google hasn’t ironed out all of the details yet, and that it may not ultimately go through with the feature. The information comes from sources speaking with The Wall Street Journal, which says that Google would make the feature opt-in rather than activated by default. The details aren’t finalized yet, according to the sources, who say there’s still a chance Google will choose not to release the feature. If it does, though, the ad-blocker will look at the types of advertisements a website is delivering and judge whether they meet an acceptable standard. The standard will reportedly be ones set by the Coalition for Better Ads, which details types of advertisements that aren’t consumer-friendly. These include things like annoying pop-ups that you have to hunt for and then close, ads that require you to sit through an excessively long timer, such as the ones that count down from 30 seconds, and similar. What isn’t clear is whether Google’s tipped ad-blocker will block only the offending advertisements or if it will block all the ads on a website that is found to have sub-standard advertisements. The latter could be of particular detriment to websites that rely on these types of ads, though any ad-blocking activities serve to reduce a site’s revenue. The sources go on to state that Google is considering the ad-blocker as a move against third-party alternatives that are growing in popularity. In those cases, companies like Google may have to pay to get their ads exempted from the filters, something it could do for free with its own solution. If Google were to go with a single-ad-blocking feature rather than something that blocks all the ads on a website, it could prove to be a successful compromise between all-ads and no-ads. Most of the websites on the Internet rely on advertisements to generate their revenue and keeps the lights on, so to speak. The increased adoption of ad-blockers has caused ample strain for many sites, some of which have buckled under the burden. Many consumers state they use ad-blockers to get rid of annoying ads that ruin the Web surfing experience, but that they wouldn’t be opposed to ads that don’t interfere. By offering a way to block only troublesome ads, Google may encourage more consumers to let some ads through, helping reverse the trend of total ad-blockage and the revenue issues that result. SOURCE: Wall Street Journal Story Timeline Chrome browser's new anchors will keep pages from jumping Google Cardboard now supports WebVR on Chrome Lenovo Flex 11 Chromebook arrives with durable design and 360-degree hinge Tags advertisementsChromegoogleInternetrumorSoftwareweb browser Must Read Bits & Bytes Sony’s A9 camera: 5 big surprises 8 more games we’d like to see on SNES Classic Edition Facebook wants you to type with your brain The Galaxy S8’s ergonomic compromise is giving me iPhone 8 worries The big Facebook Augmented Reality play is starting Latest Headlines MasterCard now has a fingerprint-protected card Apr 20, 2017 Microsoft To-Do set to replace Wunderlist, preview now out Apr 19, 2017 This is how much Samsung’s Galaxy Books will cost Apr 19, 2017 Telltale’s ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ game arrives on Android, iOS and consoles Apr 19, 2017 Study: LSD causes a higher state of consciousness (sort of) Apr 19, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo IdeaCentre AIO 910 Review: a big, beautiful (and pricey) all-in-one PC Apr 18, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: On the shoulders of giants Apr 18, 2017 2017 BMW M760i Review: More than M7 Apr 17, 2017 2017 Porsche Macan Review: The average edition of a stellar SUV Apr 17, 2017 Lenovo X1 Carbon (5th Gen) Review: Almost perfect Apr 11, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Clash of Clans Device Is Not Compatible Problems Cory Gunther12/20/2016 With almost every big Clash of Clans update a few problems tend to arise. The latest was a major December update aimed at improving the game. There’s plenty to love about the latest changes, but it’s also causing problems for some. Here we’ll explain how to fix the “Device is not compatible” error while trying to update Clash of Clans on Android. Additionally, we have more details about Google accounts not syncing correctly for saved villages. It’s one of the most popular titles on Android and iOS. Millions of people play it daily. This isn’t the first time we’ve seen this error message, but recently it has been happening more frequently. Most other issues can be fixed with the instructions below. Read: Clash of Clans Updates: 7 Things We Want Next The last update added tons of level 11 troops, cheaper costs and other things. However, it also added some problems. In fact, some can’t update the game at all. As a result it can’t be played. This is a big issue, and hopefully the few suggestions below can help. If you haven’t updated you’ll see a notification upon launching the game that an update is available. You cannot play until you accept this, go to the Google Play Store, and update to the latest version of the game. Everything is fine for those on iOS, but Android users are being met with a very odd problem. Users are getting an error on the Google Play Store for Clash of Clans that says, “Device is not compatible with this version” and are unable to update. Supercell confirmed this is a problem, and has offered up a fix for those having issues. Players affected by "Your device is not compatible with this version", please try: Settings >App Manager>Google Play Store>Clear data/cache — Clash of Clans (@ClashofClans) January 26, 2016 If you can’t update, you can’t play. Some are even in an active Clan War and can’t update in order to fight before time runs out. Which as many can imagine, would be very frustrating. Update: On February 26th Supercell made some changes and had another small maintenance break to fix the device incompatible and other Google services issues. Let us know in the comments below if the problem is still going on. Update #2: On March 4th Supercell finally fixed the Google Play Store device not compatible Clash of Clans problem, as well as the Google Games ID and sync issue many users have been experiencing. According to them, those who were unable to sync their Google Games account to restore or save a village, and the thousands of users who couldn’t update, should all be able to download the latest update from the Google Play Store release late last night and this morning. Head into the Play Store, check for updates, and download it right now to get back to Clashing. Update #3: The new December Clash of Clans update made this issue appear again. Users have also experienced crashes while in global chat, chat logs being out of order and other small things. Supercell may release another optional update to fix this. Even people that have been using the same device for well over a year are having issues. We’re seeing reports all over Twitter that people with tablets, the LG G3, Galaxy S6 and other devices are all experiencing this error. I’ve updated a Galaxy S7, Nexus 6P, Pixel C tablet and Nexus 9 all without any problems. So we’re not sure what is causing this at the moment, or what Android devices are experiencing it. been playing #COC on the same phone for 3 months and today its telling me that my device is not compatible with this version @ClashofClans — EllisWard✌️ (@fan_paige_wwe) January 26, 2016 If you are trying to update Clash of Clans on an Android device but running into problems, there are a few potential fixes. There is either something messed up with the Google Play Store, or something Supercell did. They’re blaming it on the Google Play, and suggest users clear the Store cache or data to resolve it. Above are basic instructions, but below are screenshots to help those experiencing issues. Instructions To fix the Clash of Clans update “your device is not compatible with this version” error message, try clearing the Google Play Store cache, and then data. Next, restart the Google Play Store and accept the update again. Pull down the notification bar on your Android device and hit the gear-shaped settings icon, or find “settings” in the application tray. From here navigate to Apps, or App Manager. Next scroll down and find Google Play Store. Select this, and tap “Clear Cache or Data” as shown below. This should erase everything, and get rid of any corrupt files that seem to be causing this problem. Supercell claims this will fix the error. Multiple comments suggest it worked. Now go back and download the update. Other Options However, if this doesn’t solve the problem another option is to uninstall Clash of Clans and re-install it. Yes, that sounds scary, and no one wants to lose their entire village by uninstalling the game. You won’t. Obviously proceed at your own risk and use caution. Read: How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone If the game is backed up to Google+ or Google Games (an option in settings) your progress is saved. Meaning you can uninstall Clash, reinstall it, and restore your progress simply by going into settings and connecting to Google+, and it will restore your village in less than 10 seconds. However, if you never linked the two, this won’t work. So do not uninstall Clash of Clans unless you know it’s backed up. The guide above goes over a few details regarding transferring the game to a new phone, which is also how you can save progress. That said, if you can’t open the game you can’t link it to Google Games. Do not uninstall Clash of Clans unless you know it is saved. Conclusion This is a big problem. Supercell states that clearing the Google Play Store cache is your only option, and it should solve any issues. They’re currently looking into other options, and will offer up additional information if available. At the end of the day, did clearing the cache or data fix it for you? Let us know in the comments below. Those who fixed it using other methods, feel free to share it below. The December update was loaded with content and a Christmas theme. Expect a bug fixing update in 2017 along with removal of the winter theme. 245 Responses 01/26/2016 kim Reply No, it did not work for me. It is asking me to redeem and then asking for a code. 01/27/2016 Tyr Reply Heya! It didn’t work out for me at first until I cleared out my Google Play Services as well. Hope it helps! 01/28/2016 JUCARIBU Reply THAT WORK FOR ME THANKS 01/31/2016 Albertman Reply My clash restored and updated after i deleted the cache and data from google play store and play store services 02/02/2016 C. Sims Reply Listen to the man or woman lol… Delete all data in “Google Play Store” & “Google Play Services” from your phones settings… this guaranteed to work (then go back to Google play store, accept terms. Then update the app)… from what I know it works with newer phones, if not you could be out of luck. 04/19/2016 ScottManJo Reply Finally got all my favorite Supercell games loaded onto my Galaxy Tab E Lite. Be sure to clear out the Cache & Date from the following 3 apps: Google Play Services, Google Play Store AND Google Play Games. I was able to get CoC & Boom Beach by clearing the first 2 but only could get Clash Royale after clearing Google Play Games. Hope this helps! Good luck & god speed! 05/02/2016 Jeremy Reply ^^ had to do all 3 for mine to work also! Thanks. 07/17/2016 Michael Reply OMG DUDE THANKS!! I got the same device and got super nervous when I couldnt get clash of clans! Your a lifesaver! 10/26/2016 Arjun Reply Now This worked for me.. erazin all 3 of those.. 05/27/2016 Uhoh Reply Worked for me too. Thanks! 02/06/2016 Laryssa Reply I have the g4 it didn’t work for me. Won’t even come up when I search it. Neither does boom beach so I am guessing it has something to do with supercell. Very frustrating because I have been playing for over a year 04/24/2016 Emily Reply Same here, very frustrated and I can’t back it up as to is so I can’t uninstall and reinstall even if I could. 02/20/2016 Shaun Reply i am having this issue with needing a redeem code to even get on the play store now! 02/29/2016 Moaz Reply Thank you very much, it worked immedietly after i did these easy steps, am really grateful :-) thx again 03/20/2016 Logan Reply Didn’t work for me. It said the cache was cleared, but still refused to download. 03/22/2016 anirban mitra Reply m using nokia x series and google play store is not supported in my device..how can i back up if i uninstall it 03/26/2016 Amanda George Reply I just bought a new tablet and it is saying device in not compatible. I have nothing to clear out. I don’t understand. 07/03/2016 wardojr Reply try updating play store service… 01/26/2016 sol goslin Reply No it diddnt work. I had hopes it would but no such luck. This sucks. I cant even get to the supercell customer service/help line. There may be other issues with this though. Im also noticing a significant drop in the speed of my device, so it may be something that either supercell got in its system, or someone hacked google and delivered a little viral surprise. If thats the case Im sure it will make itself known in a bigger than life fashion. Hopefully that isnt the case. Keep posting updates on what happens. A LOT of people are locked out of the game through this. 07/22/2016 Clara Icasiano Reply just uninstall in play games then install it again. Hope it works :) \ 01/26/2016 Tom Reply no…. 01/26/2016 Steve Reply Hi. I’m on an amazon fire tablet which doesnt support google+ so my game isn’t backed up. Is their going to be a patch for the 26/1/16 update for these devices . Thanks 01/26/2016 Richard King Reply I uninstalled coc. I cleared all info/cache for Google play store, and I restarted the phone. Still says my Samsung S5 is not compatible. I have tried everything that has been suggested. This is very irritating. 07/01/2016 David Stumhofer Reply dude did you ever figure it out? 01/26/2016 Tom Reply I can help you all I just did it. Anyone who needs help email me at tom@gettyindustries.com 01/26/2016 Kyle Reply How did you do it? 01/26/2016 rick Reply did not work on my galaxy s5 01/27/2016 Robby Reply Hey I cleared my Google playstore cache and data 3 times and it finally worked. Try giving that a shot 01/26/2016 Mike Reply Didn’t work on my LG G4, I tried u installing and reinstalling… Still not compatible. 01/27/2016 Tyr Reply I use LG as well. It allowed me to install CoC with the update after I cleared up my Google Play Services as well. 01/26/2016 Gameparson Reply Did not work 01/26/2016 david diresto Reply didnt work… i also uninstalled now i cant re install because it still says not compatible. please help me 02/04/2016 K-G San Carlos Reply Same thing with me bro! 01/26/2016 jose hernandez Reply Clearing the cache di no do any thing it stil cant update 01/26/2016 Lorrianna Reply Okay, these two things didn’t work, but I uninstalled Google Play and that worked. 01/26/2016 Bryan Reply Not working , you’d think one of the biggest apps out there would have have a fix!!!! 01/26/2016 Josh Reply nope, didn’t work for me galaxy s5 01/26/2016 Gameparson Reply Funny it worked the 3rd time I tried it. Had to hit the cache first than the data 01/26/2016 Martin Reply Uninstalled it and now it won’t pop up in my app store.. 01/26/2016 dan Reply That’s what happened to me too 01/26/2016 Arturo Reply No, i have a LG Leon LTE with android 5.1.1 01/26/2016 Alisa Reply On the third try it worked for me as well. 01/26/2016 Shawn Reply I had no problems with update but my friend and leader of our clan is. This isn’t the first time and they always say the same fixes and is not working. He brought a new phone and 3_4 months , the same problem. And with their lack of customer service good luck on their emails telling you to contact them in the game. If not fixed soon I will retire my three accounts and so will my friend with four, and its sad seeing that we both spent over $150 on accounts each. 01/28/2016 Nathalie Blues Reply I have spent over $1300 and lead a clan where my friends have spent the same. This is not acceptable SuperCell. Get with the freaking program and fix this. Fix it now ! 01/26/2016 dan Reply Did not work for me either. Th 9 and 3 years of playing gone. They need to sort this shit out. That’s bullshit. 01/26/2016 Scott Reply Didn’t work on my galaxy s5 active. Thus is very frustrating being I’m in a active war and can’t attack. Plus I have my pumps boosted and are unable to collect them. There had better be some compensation from super cell for this. 01/26/2016 dan Reply I’m glad its not just me that’s having issues. My collectors were boosted too. 02/02/2016 HaMoOoOd Reply I got dark elixir cOllerton boosted !and I am about to get the king that’s so dumb 01/26/2016 Justin Reply At first it did not work for me as well. What worked was clearing cache per the suggestion, but when doing the update go to my apps and bulk update all apps that need an update. If I went directly to COC under my apps I still got a message stating it wasn’t compatible. 01/26/2016 Dave Reply I deleted the game and now its completely gone from the google play store, same for boom beach 01/26/2016 Bethany Reply Nope didnt work 01/26/2016 Ryan Reply After just clearing the cache my problem was fixed . hope that helps everyone else 01/26/2016 LEI Reply Me too..tried to uninstall coc but unforunately when i try to download it again, cannot find coc in play store… Help pls… 01/26/2016 Anthony Williams Reply Didn’t work for my kindle fire. 01/26/2016 Bob the clasher Reply Figured it out!! MUST SIGN CLASH OF CLANS INTO GOOGLE PLAY! go to settings→apps→clash of clans and then clear data (i know scarry). Then go to play store and my apps. Click “update all” and clash of clans will be on the list. Once it has updated, click on the clash of clans icon. It will load and come up with a new village. DONT CLICK ANYTHING YET!!! In the top left corner it says “sign in” click that and something will pop and start loading. Wait until it says “Would you like to laod Chief Whateveryournameis village? Click “yes” Clash of clans will restart loading up. Then your village is back!!! :-) 06/12/2016 Tadeusz Reply Thanks, man! Worked for me. 01/26/2016 Mike Reply Ok here how to do it uninstall the app then clear cash then data in the store then reinstall from your – my games 01/26/2016 Techymarkbo Reply This is what I did to get it to work. I used a device that updated the file correctly. I then went into an app called App Monster and backed it up. I then shared the install file to my Google Drive. I then side loaded to the “uncompatible” device and installed with no issues. 01/26/2016 amit Reply nope, cleared cache, cleared data, didn’t work, I’ll wait for a new fix, it it doesn’t happen in a week, I’ll try re-installing the game, and if I have to start from scratch, then I am not playing this game anymore, can’t invest so much time again 01/26/2016 Dennis Reply I’m on an Asus memo tablet. I cleared the cache in the store and game. That didn’t work. I uninstalled CoC. It didn’t show up in the Play Store. I went to Google Play Games app and was able to install from there. I had to restart the device before it would load. I had to log back intonthe google account and all is well. 01/27/2016 Tanner Reply This worked for me thanks a lot!! 01/27/2016 Mike Reply ANYONE HAVING PROBLEMS TRY THIS. TRIED EVERYTHING ELSE AND THIS IS WHAT WORKED. THANKS DENNIS!! 01/26/2016 Nick Reply Just started a clan war yesterday nd when I went to fight today I find out that I cannot update my game to play and therefore screwed out of this clan war. And no this did not help me to update clash of clans nothing changed. You’d think they would test this update out on all platforms before they release it… 01/26/2016 swerdna Reply did not work for me 01/26/2016 Galo Reply I just did what it said and it won’t work. I also can’t uninstall because it’s not showing up in my playstore. What do I do? 01/26/2016 shahab Reply I m using Android oppo find 7 and have restored my phon. but when going to play store and trying to instaall clash of clans. same probs occurs. ur device is not compatible. playing with this device since last year.. but facing prob. tried all things. ceares cache but not working 01/26/2016 dinomon Reply It didnt work for my sony xperia m4 01/26/2016 rizwan Reply i did any thing but not work, even i restore my phone. 01/27/2016 Eric Reply Does not work for galaxy s5 even after clean cache and data in the playstore. Also deleted it mean I no longer have the game installed. 01/27/2016 Rakesh Reply Got my new phone lg g flex2 and used to play Coc.but after update its not compatible with my device, i have tried all the above options but it’s not working… 01/27/2016 Omnimpotent Reply i tried the above method and it dident work but what i did do to get it to work was, i uninstalled Clash of clans on my Lenovo Yoga 2 tablet, then i logged into my goggle account on my pc and found COC on the play store there and asked it to install it on my tablet device. 01/27/2016 Karlisx Reply Managed to get update but after game is all time crashing and no launching :( 01/27/2016 Jvg30 Reply For all those that say it doesn’t work…it worked for me after a few tries.. Go to settings\app(app manager)/Google play store app/clear data/cache and uninstall Google play app and reinstall clash all good 03/22/2016 arjay apas Reply This bad I never update this game in my lenovo why? 01/27/2016 Jamal Taylor Reply Still wont work for my LG leon i uninstalled it went back to play store and because its not compatible with the phone i cant find it even when i type in clash of clans HELP ME PLEASE 01/27/2016 Giovany Reply No it did not work. I clear data and cash and still does not work. I unistall the game and went to play to install it again and it said your device is not compatible my phone is a lg 01/27/2016 Phillip McCammon Reply Did anyone get it to work on there samsung galaxy s5 yet 04/02/2016 Angela Huffman Reply Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! 01/27/2016 Kathleenrlanda Reply 0=1116my friend’s aunt makes $72 /hour on the laptop . She has been without a job for 10 months but last month her pay check was $15585 just working on the laptop for a few hours. have a peek at this site… See More 01/27/2016 Guru Reply So, just to add to the mix, this issue is not Model dependent. My wife and I both have LG V410 tablets. They are both Android 5.0.2, same kernel versions, build numbers, etc. Hers works fine and had no issues at all. Mine is completely hosed. Tried updating, no dice. Tried Clearing the data and cache, same. Tried uninstalling\reinstalling, no longer able to even see COC in Google Play. Re-tried clearing the GP cache and data, still not available. 01/27/2016 Techymarkbo Reply For those not seeing in Google Play store after installing, You have to go to Google Play Games app in order to install after uninstalling. Your device is listed as not compatible so it will not show up. Also, if you find a copy of the new update By searching coc apk file on Google, it will install by side loading also. 01/27/2016 Techymarkbo Reply Here is a link to the latest download for sideloading. http://www.apkmirror.com/apk/supercell/clash-of-clans/clash-clans-8-116-2-android-apk-download/ 01/27/2016 Shawn Reply S5 being playing for a year now suddenly cant play, this is unacceptable, why was the upgrade not tested, when will you resolve it?! 01/27/2016 Umang Reply For everyone who’s facing this problem..go to Google play store through your browser, log in and install the game. Worked for me without any issues. 01/28/2016 delphineous Reply I have tried many of the suggestions on this page and its comments. This is the one that worked. Install from the browser based play store. 01/27/2016 bernard Reply Nexus 9 lolipop 5.0.. Just own it today and it didn’t show doc on play store.. It did show on play game but when click install, it redirect to play store and list as incompatible and no install button appear. Have tried to clear cache and data for play store, play game , even play service for more than 10 times. Still, not even can install. 01/27/2016 Jordan Heaps Reply Clear Cache then Bulk Update all apps and it worked 01/27/2016 bernard Reply OK, I really have no idea on this. After I post the above comment, now it show up on my play game and when click install in my play game, it redirect me to play store and god bless the install button shows up! Installing.. Later update u guy on that 01/27/2016 bernard Reply OK.. Nexus 9 brand new lollipop 5.0 after setting my google account straight looking for coc(not dare to update firmware) 1. It did not show up on play store but yes did show on play game. Click install on play game redirect me to play store but is list under incompatible device. No install button after that 2. Read comment here and have tried clear cache, data and uninstall update for play store, play game, and play service. Still no luck. Not even show up in play store. 3. Post my comment here and back try again. It just suddenly show up. Install it and play.. No lag no issue. Around 1 hours of time for me to make that god damn stupid install button appear in my play store for doc game! Stupid conclusion from me after tried to install it. Someone say clear 3 time and bulk update. So, MAYBE after we have clear that, it will automatic download the update for playstore and it need sometime for that and without any notification on it. Give it some time after clear cache and data than try again. Hope that’s help. 01/27/2016 Sean Reply Motorola moto 3. Cleared cacache. Nope. Cleared data. Nope. Play store not the problem. 01/27/2016 Sean Reply I used a program called Clean Master to wipe the coc cache. I’m now back in business. 01/27/2016 Matt Reply Cleared data, allowed upgrade 01/27/2016 Talha Reply Hi All, I am using a LG G4 and as stated was facing the same problem as all of you. Here is what worked for me. 1. Cleared Cache 2. Cleared Data 3. Checked every time after clearing, nothing happened. 4. Restarted my phone and tried again. It worked. I hope it works for you all as well. Happy Clashing 01/27/2016 Mike Reply See Dennis comment for fix 01/27/2016 Karl Reply It seems the problem appears when you are in the CoC page in Play Store. Then you get the message of incompatibility. I cleared Play Store cache and data once. Not solved. Did it once more and restarted the phone. Not solved. Instead chose option ‘update all’ on notification drop-down menu. It updated CoC! Opened CoC page in Play Store. Did still after update say device not compatible and no option to open the game. But I can open CoC on the screen shortcut! Problem solved. 01/27/2016 Alex Reply Okay look it worked for me 1. Settings 2. Storage 3. Uninstall Google Play Store 4. Go to Google play store 5.download Clash of Clans and it should work for you 01/27/2016 Van Reply Same issue ‘Device is not compatible’ with my HTC One. I did everything here from clearing cache to restarting phone. Nada. I uninstalled CoC and now it’s not even showing up in Google Play Store. Wth… 01/27/2016 vish Reply I cleared my play store data and it worked for me. Thanks a lot 01/27/2016 Che Reply i cleared cache and data in play store and cleared cache in google services. updated all other apps that needed it. uninstalled clash of clans and then went to app manager – all apps and found clash of clans on the list and hit install. that finally got it back working on my phone. just had to re sign in once it loaded back up. i have the tmobile LG Leon LTE 01/27/2016 Clare Snow Reply My LG g3 phone is good LG tablet I have tried everything &NOTHING worked 01/27/2016 Zackary Stone Reply No mine didn’t work.. I really enjoy playing this game. So plz fix this prob. Fast…. Plz Help. 01/28/2016 tre thomas Reply No after 42 tried of clearing data still not working 01/28/2016 hrtofvalro Reply I cleared Google Application Manager cache/data. That didn’t work. I decided to uninstall the game and check the store, where it still said my device (LG phone) wasn’t compatible. Vexing to say the least. The thing that did the trick was checking in Google Play Games (different application from Play Store) > My Games > Clash of Clans. I was able to download and install CoC from here and it worked. Obviously not happy with the way recent updates have been pushed out and have caused problems for me and my friends. 01/28/2016 Nathalie Blues Reply I put my tab 3 back to factory and wiped out all my contents of my device. still not working. I am so freakin pissed right now. it has been three days and I am a complete addict. 01/28/2016 Nigel Reply Funny thing with this new update it work on my hudl 1 and not on my hudl 2 main account on hudl2 which was in a war :-( 01/28/2016 Mark Collins Reply Download COC apk file for side install. Worked on my wife’s htc. I posted link to one above. 01/28/2016 Justin Reply I had to clear the cache and data Google play, Google play services, and Google play store 3 times before it worked. 01/28/2016 Nathalie Blues Reply I reset my device to factory and it still does not work for me. this is very upsetting since I have put much money into this game and have several accounts. this is my best account. not good… 01/29/2016 Kathi Brown Reply Worked on our hudl 2 you just need to restart the device to let the changes take effect Has anybody got a fix for the walking dead game app on android please 01/29/2016 Jaz Reply No it didn’t work 01/29/2016 dana Reply WORKED FOR ME!! Galaxy s4 01/29/2016 Nicky Reply Hi guys.. Try this, go to App setting then do the following 1. Clear the cache of google services. 2. Go to Google Play Store App then clear the cache first then the data. I tried this and I was able to get the update and play it again.. ho[e this help.. Thank you 01/30/2016 Techymarkbo Reply I’ve had many do my process with success. I provided a link above for the apk file download to load without google play skipping all the clearing cache etc. Some are finding that method to not work, but side loading does work 100% of the time. 01/29/2016 Joey Reply Ok. I have lg risio…… This helped so much… Although it didn’t work after I followed the sreps, so if it still doesn’t work try restarting your phone. Not turn it off but restart it. 01/29/2016 venice Reply Hi guys, try this too 1. go to application manager 2. find goggle play store 3. click clear data 4. and restart the phone 5. open clash of clans 6. then click update i tired this and i was able to update and play it again, hope this solution can help, thanks you :) 01/30/2016 Garry Pennycuff Reply Stii no good on Samsung Tab 4 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. 01/30/2016 Ryan Earls Reply This didn’t work for me. I use an lg sunset. 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. 01/30/2016 Jim Reply This did not work for me. Samsung note 4 01/31/2016 Peter Reply Didn’t work for my LG LG2. SuperCell has lost my business and play. Too bad, I kind of enjoyed that game. Terrible update. 01/31/2016 Charles Robert Clute Jr. Reply I did all the suggested fixes on my Samsung S5 none worked. 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. 02/01/2016 Mwolf Reply fortunately after reading all the comments and selected one specific way, i started to initiate on how to restore my COC based on the suggestion that majority has given freely…and thank you so much it did work for my LG G4 stylus…i had tried clearing cache for two times and it did work….just be patient i know the feeling of losing the village… 02/01/2016 rodolfo Reply No. Thos did not work for me, i have a LG LEON and my brother has I t too i cant get it but he can. 02/01/2016 MANU Reply I tried above steps…. but it is still same ..not compactiable with phone. Please help. 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. 02/02/2016 roland garcia Reply the clash of clans app doesnt even show up in the play store when i try to search it. it did when i first bought the LG tribute 2 phone but for some reason now it doesn’t even show it as a downloadable app. 02/02/2016 Alystair Reply Didn’t work for me I’m going to try reinstalling the game all together. … 02/02/2016 Alystair Reply Yup…. It’s uninstalled…. now I can’t reinstall it. Same message on Google play. My device isn’t compatible. .. it was a few weeks ago…. not cool supercell!… 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! I was able to re-install COC after removing updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services. 02/02/2016 Sana Reply No can’t play on Samsung Mega :( 02/02/2016 HaMoOoOd Reply FI wasn’t have the same people but suddenly in Google play it comes for me can’t establish a riedble etc..i fixed this people by clearing my host and Google play worked will but I found Google play us different so I searched for clash of clans I disn’t found it so I sears he’s again from Google Chrome I do find it but can’t download it Pleas help!! 02/02/2016 HaMoOoOd Reply This works with on s5 5.0 1- be sure that your google service and play games is in the last version 2-go to settings>application manger 3-first clear the cach of google play and then data 4-clear the cach of google service 5-first clear cach of play games and then clear data 6-turn off your phon 7-press the home screan with lock button and volum up together to enter the reboot mod 8-select reboot by clecking lock button and go and down by volum buttons 9-reboot and hope it works srry for bad english but not my native language 02/03/2016 Pierre Reply My wife’s lgg4 had this same issue I fixed it by going to her update center and clicked update all and it downloaded coc no problem!! 02/03/2016 Anish Chandwadkar Reply Not working on xperia c, is latest version for xperia c is 4.1.10????? if not, plss help me how to update manually, as clicking on it isn’t working. 02/03/2016 Zach Lorenzen Reply Yes :) thank you I disabled google play store and it worked 02/04/2016 sami Reply thank you for helping and i need help the game is good and i like it but now new updates does not match with my mobile can not open latest version i need help 02/04/2016 Ousman Reply Thankyou that worked and I can finally play again after 2 weeks 02/04/2016 R Macalandag Reply Worked like a charm on LG Leon! Thanks. 1. Go to Apps>Google Play Store 2. Clear cache. 3. Delete data. 4. Uninstall update. 5. Restarted and downloaded Boom Beach successfully. 02/04/2016 dom Reply Cleared cache and data for Google play store and Google play services. Then I cleared cache and data from COC. Uninstalled COC, then restarted my phone. Open the app store and it was able to download 02/09/2016 Joey Reply I have a blu and I cleared cache, and data on both Google play services and store and its still saying not compatible and this is my favorite game please help 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! 02/10/2016 moin khan Reply Moin khan Shett I don’t know how to clear DTA man I have lva magnum x604 02/10/2016 Lena Bloyer Reply Deleting updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services is the key! Deleting the Google Play Store data and cache didn’t work for me. However, deleting all updates to Google Play Store and Google Play Services worked! 02/11/2016 Kristal Reply OK so here’s what I had to do on our galaxy S5s running 5.0 cleared data from Google play store and Google play services restarted device did a batch update Boom! COC finally showed up Happy clashing everyone 02/12/2016 Deadlydonut77 Reply I don’t have that problem I go onto the app and the screen stays black and doesn’t load 02/13/2016 Richard heath Reply I couldn’t sort it at first. Using an old galaxy s3. Finally sorted it out by Clearing the cache first And then the data. Did this in all Google play and services apps. Happy clashing 02/19/2016 heather Reply so im having this issue, not with clash of clans, but with 2 other apps in my phone! both by different co. so frustrating. ive been trying the things that you guys are suggesting and still no luck so its not just supercell. 04/02/2016 Angela Huffman Reply Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! 02/20/2016 Griff Reply Nope, didn’t work on my LG 02/20/2016 daniel Reply Had to clear cache and data about 6 times 02/21/2016 DARIUS Reply IT WORKS FINE 02/21/2016 Vini Reply HI EVERYONE!!! This clear cache stuff sux….DOWNLOAD THE DIRECT APK from the latest version, so at the time to open It wont check on google play or anywhere else…Just install the latest APK, google it and install…It will work in ALL devices 02/22/2016 susana Reply For me, with an LG Flex 2, the ONLY OPTION was (after clear cache and data): UNNINSTALL google play store app. Yes remove it, and install it again from zero. 02/22/2016 Guido Reply Have followed the instructions regarding clearing the Data and the Cache in settings, but still will not allow the game to play. Playing in a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone. 02/23/2016 mhs Reply Not working for me, Galaxy tab 3v 02/24/2016 mhs Reply Can someone help me not working 02/24/2016 mhs Reply Pls help me 02/24/2016 P M Reply Thanks a lot, this trick worked on boom beach. 02/25/2016 Hraklhs Reply If clearing play store doesn’t work,clear services google play,it worked for me 02/25/2016 Marc Reply Download an older version of Google play is the only temporary fix so far. 02/27/2016 Aj Reply No it did not work on me still can’t open my coc its just loading suddenly coc close 02/27/2016 Aj Reply Its force to close coc and can’t even enter 02/29/2016 Heather Reply Have u tried to dl it from Facebook? That worked for us. 02/27/2016 Heather Reply Ok, my son got a new tablet today. And as all of u COC is not an option in the app store. So I downloaded Fb to his tablet, searched COC game app and down loaded it from there. Worked and I now have a happy kid. Hope this helps someone. 03/02/2016 kushan Reply Thank you very very much this was the best help it worked on me 03/02/2016 sirajhakkani Reply No its not working for me – now on google play store it is saying “NOT AVAILABLE FOR YOUR DEVICE” i was playing it earlier on my device “LG GPAD V410” and was working fine 03/04/2016 Aaron Rabah Reply Same problem. Activated a new phone this morning, searched for coc in play store…..nothing….done a Google search pulled up the install from Google play store clicked it and my device is not compatible. I spent all day up until five mins ago trying to figure it out….nothing…all hope was lost….until I googled cover game download and downloaded outside Google play store….bam!!!!…..problem solved…..already loaded my acct. And fought my first match….and won 03/04/2016 ben Reply It won’t even let me download the game to begin with! 03/05/2016 Abi Reply I tried re-installing it. Didn’t work. I can’t even search for it in the store. When I went over to check on all my apps and clicked on Clash of Clans, “Your device is not compatible with this version.” 03/05/2016 J Reply Husband got new phone last night and clash won’t load tried all pack install as well as cleared play store and services cache……any other ideas he is not happy 03/05/2016 rupak Reply am not finding any of the supercell games in the play store even i cleared the caches & data still not getting the app for download 03/05/2016 Heather Reply Try to do outside of play store…try through Facebook 03/05/2016 Heather Reply That’s supposed to say down load not do* 03/06/2016 Carlajslaton Reply 010101=1m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 03/08/2016 cobalt Reply My coc update is not allowing me to start my game upon mobile data. Plz help me out. 03/09/2016 Liz Reply Still getting “device not compatible” on a Samsung Galaxy S4 & it’s March 9th, 2016! 03/10/2016 khambie Reply my th10 account vanished after i update my coc..now the worst thing is i clear data for my coc and make an new village but it sync on the gmail of my th10 account..i been playing for almost 2 years and now this happen..kindly fix this a soon as possible..thanks.. 03/13/2016 bob Reply Omg I just got a samsung tab e lite I got worried at first when it didn’t work but I didn’t twice and I work thx so much super cell and whoever posted this 03/17/2016 Sasha Reply Yeah I have a galaxy S5 and I am trying to download the game but it’s not letting me I tried the clearing data trick but it didn’t work so any suggestions out there. 03/18/2016 sied Reply I got this problem after resetting my zenUI C,play store said that my device isn’t compatible n this is how I fix it… 1. I reset my phone again (wow) 2.Update Google play games n my play store 3. I didn’t update my Google play services (connection problem) 4. Then I restart my phone n open the play store And I found COC and boom beach again. 5. Update the Google play services (if u want to play that game) And I’m done… hope this helpful 03/21/2016 ankur tadav Reply Didn,t work for me please tell me another way to solve this problem i want to play this game please , please , please 03/21/2016 dave Reply i did all the instruction above and didn’t work cant they give another update 03/23/2016 Dixhita Reply It didnt work at all n its really very frustrating.. I hope its fixed as soon as possible. 04/02/2016 Angela Huffman Reply Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! 03/23/2016 MJ Reply hey . what hapen to my old village ? 03/26/2016 santanu mandal Reply DID WORK FOR ME……….THANK U ALOT………I LOVE CLASH AND AM DYING TO PLAY AGAIN THANKS A LOT… 03/31/2016 chad Reply When I search them it doesn’t even come up. Nothing from supercell does 04/02/2016 Joyce Reply It didnt work on me very frustating since im on th10 already and cant open my account since your last update 04/02/2016 Angela Huffman Reply Go to Vshare Market Lite and download it, Worked fine for me ! 04/06/2016 Amanda Reply 4/6/16 I had the “Not compatible” problems on my Samsung Avant, resetting the cahce fixed mine. My son however, just got a new Alcatel One Touch when he opened it, we updated all apps. Google Play shows the app as attached to his previous apps, but will not let us load it on his phone. We tried the “Clear Cache” fix even thought the phone was 2 hours old. This did not fix it. He is the entire reason I play the game. If his can’t be fixed, I will delete mine soon as well. Please give him a solution as to how we can load Clash Of Clans on his new Alcatel. 10/09/2016 CaPtAiN_DrOgO Reply try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk 04/06/2016 jarie Reply i have a problem in my ohone rio craze junior its open my village and a few minutes clash of clans is error and back to main menu 04/07/2016 jarie Reply please help me to fix this problem 04/11/2016 kim diamse Reply I did everything you said in this post, cleared my data and cache and forced stopped the app. But I still can’t install clash of clans or clash royale. Device is still not compatible. My phone’s Asus Zenfone 2 (4gb ram) so I don’t understand why my device isn’t compatible. I was playing the game yesterday, after I factory reset my phone it suddenly became incompatible? 04/24/2016 fredrick Reply Same thing is happening here 10/09/2016 CaPtAiN_DrOgO Reply try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk 04/12/2016 Shayne Reply Fix did not work (HTC One M7) so I uninstalled it and now its not available on Google Play. Unable to download. 05/17/2016 Jomoma Reply Google search the download 04/18/2016 fredy saputro Reply restart your device after clear data , try it 04/24/2016 fredrick Reply Two days before its working now I formated. Phone and tried to install clash of clans from Google play store they are saying its not compatible 04/28/2016 jchanman33Joe Reply I had to uninstall all updates for both google play store and google play games service, clear caches, I then turned them off and back on then reset my phone and it worked. 05/10/2016 David Reply Its saying it’s not compatible with your device for me to. Im on a sony xperia E3. I tried clear Defaults and cache to no joy Now can no longer get on all super cell games. :( 05/10/2016 David Reply Try downloading aptoide. I looked on YouTube and found this and it works. Worh a try if you can not get on with any other means :) 05/11/2016 Purus Reply After installation when I open it there is s popup says ”downloading content” but after that it crashes not working for long time can you solve this? 05/17/2016 Jomoma Reply Turn your security off , I had the same problem , 05/13/2016 David Gowans Reply Try deleting the aptoide download and download it again. It may have got corrupted during download. 05/17/2016 Jomoma Reply 3 days and it works now , I had to turn security off and load from another sight ( up download I think ) there’s several of them , a warning comes up that it may harm computer , you know it’s secure because you have had the game before ! It took less then 5 min , I turned the security back on right after loading the game , it can be done and don’t give up ! 05/17/2016 slayified Reply All of you are doing it wrong! You must clear data and cache for all (Google Play Services, Google Play Games, and Google Play Store) Then, you must go to the application manager again and tap on google play store and force stop it, unless it already is force stopped. Then try downloading it again. 05/18/2016 cam Reply I have a Samsung galaxys3. I can’t even search for Coc in the play store. I have to go to the browser to find it and it always says its not compatible. Tried erasing all three Google play stuff and still nothing. This is highly upsetting 05/24/2016 Spondon Banerjee Reply i tried everything that u said from clearing data and cache from google playstore…..to uninstall and re-install it again….but still its showing the same problem “the device is not compatible with your device”. i have asus zenfone2 with 4 gb ram….whats going on????? i have been playing for almost 5 months now….and suddenly this problem cropped up….please take the necessary steps to fix it as soon as possible…… 05/30/2016 Chris Reply 1. try to restart the phone 2. try to login to google with different account that having coc 3. try to play coc from google play 4. keep trying i’ve done several times doing that until i got worked on my tablet… 05/25/2016 Macizo Reply Nothing Would work for me until I updated all the different apps that’s needed approval for updating. My old Samsung s4 broke and I just got a new one today. Hope this helps. 05/26/2016 jyoti Reply Unable to installed/update COC in my VIVO Y36 MODEL. After 90% DOWNLOAD IT WAS AGAIN START FROM 0, CAN ANYONE PLZ HELP ME OUT !!! 05/31/2016 Mohamed Reply please my clash of clans is not show the number of elixir or gold or gems and some text 06/02/2016 buffboy Reply I cant find coc in playstore. Its not there. I found it aftr in googleplaygames in my acc, cause i recently went on it inanother dev. And i updated google play, cleared data and cache, but still it didnt come in playstore. So i found it out in google play in recently played games, and it showed there “install”. So i tapped on it, but it keeps saying unfortunately google play has stopped. Wth 06/04/2016 Jessie Junior Baylon Reply i did all the thing but it keeps happening 06/04/2016 Ssb Shohag Reply I have a phone that can not run google play service.I have a clash of clan id into that’s phone,but I can not saved my game progress…how can i sing in google play games with my id….pls help 06/06/2016 Baljeet Reply hello, it’s really nice and informative blog, After the update i facing some problems with my game. Thanks for sharing this problem 06/27/2016 Harrold Reply I absolutely agree that all the websites that promise free gems are scam, but Clash of Clans bots are a completely different thing. I use Clashfarmer bot for over a year, it’s a free software. When i am on boost i make 2 million an hour. If i am not on boost I make just under a million an hour. Even the wall upgrade doesn’t suck anymore! :) 07/07/2016 Xalan Collins Reply This was super helpful! I was really freaking out for a second, but this made me fell so much better now that I can install it! 07/07/2016 Xalan Collins Reply feel so much better* My spelling is off today 07/17/2016 dodo Reply work to boom beach 07/31/2016 yash piithadia Reply No its not working by clearing cache or data pls do some thing i am laying this game from past many days and now it says it is not compatible 08/04/2016 Chuck Saddlemire Reply Cleared play store and services cache and data. Worked! 08/15/2016 vairamani Reply hai..i transfered to new device,,and i opened new village it asked for loading the previous village, i clicked load, its also loading but its not entering into my village its keep on trying but no use.i tried everything which is posted above.can any one help me in this. 08/23/2016 starbright678 Reply I tried everything on here and nothing worked, so I went into my settings>apps>google play services>manage space>clear all data. It then had me agree to the terms again and voila, clash of clans showed up in the play store and I was able to download that AND clash royale 09/16/2016 Aayusha Reply Seems like none of these tips work for rooted devices. WHY SUPERCELL?WHY!!?? 10/09/2016 CaPtAiN_DrOgO Reply try downloading the apk file from any website(latest ver) and then update google play services and google play games from play store…….worked for me…gd lk 10/12/2016 Parimal Gunjan Reply it works! 10/12/2016 dawa Reply i played till CC level 6 and after updating..its giving it is not avalable in your country..what should i do? i dont want to lose my base. 10/23/2016 Mighty Hax Reply I am using a samsung tab 3 (old) all has been cleared but still now working 10/29/2016 Mighty Hax Reply The same here I am using an old samsung tab 3. All that fix solution is not working for me. 10/25/2016 herysusanto Reply What a software program we use to fix clash of clans if link device error..thanks bro 11/22/2016 kay Reply I FOUND A CLASH OF CLANS DIAMONDS GIVEAWAY! http://maxclashgems.com Best players use this!! (nGHUT) 12/19/2016 peter Reply Can I clear the cache even I forget all my password 01/07/2017 santosh Reply I brought new tab lenovo a2 10-70 compatable error plz fix it as soon as possible I am middle in war 03/19/2017 ChPlaya Reply I also have the same problem and have overcome through this article, thanks for sharing this helpful way 03/20/2017 mohamad Reply BBC BBC 04/06/2017 CH Play Reply how to install google play on genymotion 04/17/2017 Nicholas Reply YAYYYY!!!!!!!! Solved it !!!!!!! EVERYONE WHO HAS PROBLEM WITH A NEW PHONE or FACTORY RESETTED PHONE. Just wait for your Play store to be updated. It should solve the problem. IF the above doesnt work. :D :D :D :D :D :D Glad to be of assistance.. I also have the latest APK if anyone wants… you can download it here. let me know if it works for anyone else, This APK works for me. Doesnt need update again from google play/ 04/17/2017 Justin Reply Hi,don’t mean to be a bother but I have a new tablet which is apparently incompatible with COC,I followed your directions and installed the apk you provided but im having the “new update – incompatible with device”problem and am wondering if its me,the device or the apk that’s the problem, thanks for the help as well mate 04/17/2017 Lyle peekenschneider Reply I can’t download clash of clans to my phone and I wanna know why this phone has Android so what is going on 04/19/2017 Vicky Reply The worst ever ..is a money sucking game with no results acievements no money no fun …and completely no response if you may have questions..is there no int . Agency who protect people against that kind if money grabing games ..they start with 7.5 $ payments for additional gold and then . ..is 15 and then 20 ..it never get less is always more ..is a totally fraud system legal ? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Over-Hyped And Over-Rated: Luxury Institute’s 7 Critical Things your Artificial Intelligence Vendor Won’t Tell You, But You Need to Know /EINPresswire.com/ — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 19, 2017) – Artificial intelligence (AI) is the new buzzword being applied to seemingly every business challenge you can name. AI is an area of computer science that uses „intelligent agents” to develop capabilities in robots and computers to perceive and react like humans, and therefore to augment and/or replace humans, especially in doing tasks that are predictably rote, frequent and high-volume. Popular applications of AI can be found in language translation, self-driving cars, disease diagnosis, fraud detection, and delivering solutions to clients via chatbots. It is important, however, to note the limitations of AI. Unlike humans, AI has no consciousness, cannot feel genuine emotions, and is incapable of empathy, nor can it generate or deal well with novelty and other uniquely human attributes. „Every time I hear ‚today it’s all about artificial intelligence,’ I know that I am about to be sold another allegedly disruptive and very expensive tech project that will overpromise and under-deliver,” the CEO of a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand lamented at a recent meeting in New York with Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza. „My team’s challenge is that we are not expert enough about AI to know how to best use it, and how to maximize our return on investment. Everyone who sells algorithms claims to be AI-driven. We don’t know what or whom we can trust to serve our clients’ interests.” That sentiment sums up the current dilemma confronting luxury goods and services leaders who are trying to determine the most effective AI projects to undertake, and to choose partners that they can trust to complete projects safely and profitably. Unfortunately, results rarely live up to the claims made by consultants. Remember Y2K and CRM? This is bigger, a lot bigger; and so are the claims. If you believe the hype from AI vendors, your sales — and the GDP of the United States — should double by year-end, even though most of your employees will be replaced by chatbots. You may need a fraud detection AI application to help you navigate this terrain. AI leaders claim that they have „super powers,” that AI is the new electricity, and that there is no industry that AI will not disrupt. The humility is overwhelming, but they may be right, at least about the last two points. Still, legendary Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, who should know better than anyone, says that he doesn’t just walk, he runs when he hears buzzwords and lofty promises bandied about by tech start-up founders and salespeople because it’s usually an indication of undifferentiated technology, destined to be commoditized, that delivers zero competitive advantage. AI is the latest and greatest buzzword. It is also over-hyped and over-rated, perhaps more than CRM, Big Data, analytics, and the Kardashians. Regardless of your opinion of Peter Thiel, his insights and track record should give you pause, and he is not alone in his views among technology investors. In a February 2017 video interview with Fei-Fei Li, head of AI at Google, Michael Abbott, general partner at Silicon Valley’s premier venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, estimated that he meets with 15 new start-ups a week, and 10 of them use the term AI in their pitch. When he probes entrepreneurs on their AI claims, Abbott finds that most of them do not understand what they are saying, and often what they are doing does not truly constitute true artificial intelligence or machine learning. If top venture capitalists are skeptical of those who label themselves AI experts, you should be too. Bringing Business Expertise To Artificial Intelligence Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza is no stranger to the core drivers of AI, which include clean, structured data, processing technology, genetic algorithms, and, most importantly, domain expertise. Not by coincidence, those are the same core elements on a smaller scale, that drive customer relationship management. In 1997, Pedraza, for years a huge fan of Complexity Theory and the Santa Fe Institute, began to successfully execute CRM at Citigroup. Based on his results, he was selected to lead Citi’s global CRM project. With massive amounts of client data, he hired a Boston-based data-mining firm to build predictive models using genetic algorithms. Pedraza also ran the global CRM project for $20 billion+ Cendant briefly before becoming an entrepreneur in 2003. In 2004, knowing well the power of genetic algorithms, Pedraza hired IcoSystem, a modeling firm that uses neural networks and genetic algorithms, to assess the viability of his own luxury automobile shared access start-up. Pedraza came away with the understanding that most technology is a commodity and that the only true ways to differentiate in luxury are your unique, relevant products and empowered brand ambassadors with highly developed expertise and mastery in emotional intelligence. Pedraza’s experience illustrates that CRM and AI have more in common than many luxury and retail executives perceive. Both CRM and AI run on the same rocket and fuel, as Stanford’s Andrew Ng likes to put it. Unfortunately, CRM after more than two decades has yet to deliver on its over-hyped promises, and while CRM technology is a great tool with real benefits drawn from the investment, there is no CRM system on the planet that has ever delivered sustainable competitive advantage to a brand. Most projects still under-deliver. Recently, a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand based in Europe that was reputed to be the most tech savvy discontinued its relationship with the largest CRM provider due to unsustainable costs and low measurable benefits. While the entire luxury and retail industry and society may benefit astronomically from AI, for your brand, it will simply become table stakes. Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft can accumulate massive amounts of proprietary data, and they are investing billions in cloud infrastructure to store and process that data. In AI, if you are dependent on vendors and don’t have the massive proprietary data, processing power and expert staff of a Google, you will become the next trial and error test case. It makes sense that if AI is the new electricity, then by definition almost everyone can plug into the benefits. Like electricity, AI is imperative for any brand, in any industry. In luxury, AI will be even more critical than it is in price-driven, commodity categories, where human beings will not be a part of the front-line equation like they are in luxury. AI will likely enhance most luxury back-office and front-line jobs rather than replace them completely. It remains to be seen whether AI will deliver a high ROI to luxury goods and services brands, or, whether, like e-commerce, it will simply add costs and force brands to compete with economically irrational competitors such as Amazon. To help luxury goods and services leaders make optimal decisions, Luxury Institute recently conducted a study to identify current myths and realities of AI. Luxury Institute researchers, aided by a retail expert with a master’s degree in mathematics and statistics from Columbia University, pored over documents and reviewed dozens of courses and videos, including those of Silicon Valley legend, Andrew Ng, seeking out and distilling the most objective insights. Here are seven critical facts your AI vendor won’t tell you, but you absolutely need to know before you sign on the dotted line: 1. AI needs access to massive amounts of data. Insiders confess that the one thing that has driven AI’s current vibrant state is not so much better algorithms, but the vast amounts of data that are now being generated every second by the Internet, and within proprietary company databases. Still, many individual companies suffer from scarcity of clean, structured data. If your data collection discipline is dismal, as is often the case, especially on the front-lines, then your ability to provide massive nourishment for the machine learning required by hungry algorithms is limited, no matter how clever they are. You need to conduct a data audit immediately, and assess the amount, relevance, and quality of your data. Identify which data are critical for your business to thrive. Begin to collect the critical data now. Client books, with their critical data, must be digitized in the era of AI. Clean, accurate data is the critical asset today, and if you don’t have it, your business is destined to expire. 2. AI will only work if you reconfigure your organization to deliver coordinated, seamless client experiences. To create a seamless client experience, you must reconfigure your organization to act as one customer-centered, highly adaptive organism. Despite a major crisis under way in the luxury and retail industries, many leaders fail to reorganize and optimize the client experience. One of the major reasons that CRM has failed to live up to its potential is the schizophrenic silos that still exist between operations, product management, marketing, public relations, customer service, sales, social media, and e-commerce. With AI, automating your silos individually will only generate even more disconnected client experiences that will drive customers to competitors. You must unite any part of your organization that touches the client into one expert team that works to optimize the full value for the customer in time, money, and happiness. If you don’t do this first, don’t invest in AI. Disconnected, optimized, stand-alone AI silo solutions that are automated will only amplify the dysfunctional nature of your client experience. 3. AI algorithms are as effective and as biased as the data scientists who create them. AI is selling the myth that algorithms are intelligent and objective, but nothing could be further from the truth. Algorithms are designed and built by humans. These humans have major biases. The data set that is selected, labeled, structured and used to train a genetic algorithm can be biased by the experiences and mindset of the AI team. Take note that the AI industry, probably more than any other industry, is comprised of „bro-grammers,” mostly single Caucasian and Asian males. Females and other minority group members are often excluded from or marginalized on their teams. AI’s most common method today, machine learning, is about 90% „supervised learning.” It is called „supervised” learning for a reason. The training examples and weightings upon which genetic algorithms learn iteratively are provided and tweaked by humans. They may have advanced degrees, but that does not guarantee that they have social skills, and, as research shows, they especially lack empathy. Before you set any algorithm free to engage with your luxury clients, you need to torture test it to ensure that you are treating employees and clients, especially women and minorities, who are the present and future of your brand, like cared-for, respected, and valued human beings. 4. AI is new, so new it direly lacks data scientists with expertise, especially business domain expertise. Today, AI is in its practical infancy, and so are the data scientists who staff most of the AI companies. First, unless you have access to massive amounts of data and massive processing power (e.g. you work at a high level at Google, Amazon, Apple, or Facebook) no matter how many PhD degrees and boot camp lessons you have accumulated, you have minor experience. You do not have expertise in machine learning, and even less expertise in any industry or business domain. Even the best in data science are nothing without massive data and processing power. Most data scientists today are in the same shape as someone who has learned how to drive a Ferrari in a simulator, and who may actually own a Ferrari, but has never had the fuel or a challenging racetrack to develop expertise and mastery of driving the automobile. Before you hand your data over to a team of data scientists, conduct full due diligence, not only on how many successful projects the data scientists have executed, but their actual contributions to each project. Client references will be even more critical with AI vendors than any other business purchase you will ever make. Finally, you must provide the diligent adult supervision that brings reality and domain expertise to any AI project. 5. Genetic algorithms are „black boxes” that often cannot explain why they responded to a client in a particular way. One of the most fascinating attributes of genetic algorithms is that their behaviors, like a human brain’s, are not always easy to understand. Sometimes they can respond in ways that are negative, unethical, or illegal. The way algorithms work is that they behave a bit like high-speed procreation of a species inside a computer. They are given a training set of data, accompanied by the right answers, and they increasingly improve their ability to tweak the strength of each connection, until they get better, and eventually, reach a probabilistically, if not perfectly, correct solution. This process works like our brains, weakening and strengthening connections until they get it right and can learn to classify data, even if it is new. Unlike in a conventional database, the connections an algorithm establishes are encoded in the strength of the connection, not in a specific location. This makes it difficult for data scientists to audit and explain why an algorithm may have acted in a specific way. For example, it may have rejected a top-tier client’s request, or the request of a daughter of a top client with a different last name and buying pattern. While a human being could make an exception judgment in real-time, an algorithm is restricted by its own connections. In some cases, algorithms have veered driverless cars off the road, or excluded people for loans illegally, based on connections that are not obvious to, or explainable by, the programmers. Make sure you understand the risks involved in letting algorithms do your thinking. Unlike the baffled data scientists who can walk away, you will be held fully and legally accountable, and you will be responsible for coming up with explanations and solutions. 6. Your online AI interactions will be subject to mischief from hackers and other interaction risks. AI’s big claim is that its data scientists have created algorithms that learn to learn. That is indeed a huge achievement, but it can also be a huge liability. Look at the example of Microsoft, which in 2016 put Tay, a chatbot, into the public domain to engage in conversation with people on Twitter. Within 24 hours, the chatbot was taken offline because it had been gamed by clever and malicious users who „taught” Tay to be racist and even to promote Nazi ideology. The lesson is that when you release your continuously-learning algorithm into the public domain, such as your website, and social media, you will expose it to a world where it will learn from whatever it interacts with over time, good or bad. Unless you are constantly and meticulously vetting the incoming data and refining the algorithm, the results it produces may be far from what you desired. This is a very expensive caveat. In the case of Tay, the culprits were mischievous random people, but you can bet that hackers worldwide are salivating at the opportunity to wreak havoc on the learning algorithms of companies that engage online, which means all of us. One thing you will need to figure out with AI is who is continuously watching the algorithm interactions to identify and prevent mischief that damages client experiences, and your brand, or worse, creates massive security risks. 7. AI is not a substitute for true human engagement. AI vendors will tell you that their algorithms can think much better and faster than humans, and unscrupulous vendors will claim that they can, and should, actually replace humans. When you hear that, take a deep breath and think like an intelligent human being. For rote, mechanical, frequent, high-volume tasks, it is true that AI will replace humans. In fact, most company rules, policies and procedures today have hollowed out many jobs into dehumanizing, scripted, soulless, mechanical interactions that should be automated. Luxury Institute believes that genuine, empathic, trustworthy, and generous human experiences that deliver emotional value and joy, will never be replaced by AI. If you choose to join, or compete, directly with Amazon, then you should automate most tasks and transform your brand into a utility. In luxury, however, AI will be a human enhancer. It will augment the power of human beings and help create humanistic jobs that we cannot imagine today. Develop the refined skill within your luxury leadership of being able to differentiate the tasks that you want to automate with AI versus the experiences that you will deliver with the inimitable power of inspired humans. When your competitors are duped into dehumanizing their experiences in a commoditized race to the bottom by unscrupulous AI vendors, resist benchmarking them into oblivion. Vast Hype, True Potential AI is the new electricity. Electricity has been mostly a force for good in the world. In its early days, however, much remained to be learned about using it intelligently and safely. Artificial Intelligence is at the same stage. It will be a force for phenomenal good, yet, as the Internet amply demonstrates, it will unleash many unintended consequences, some very damaging to brands. One company that is on its journey to using AI intelligently is custom suit maker, Knot Standard. Even without AI, using the Luxcelerate system, Knot Standard continues to drive sales growth at a phenomenal clip. The brand’s leaders recognize that its superb quality in custom-made clothing, along with its inspired associates, are the secrets of its success. At the same time, they are incorporating AI into their ability to perfect client measurement, improve quality, deliver better product faster, and in augmenting the relationship-building efficiency of its associates with a product recommendation engine. AI will become necessary and ubiquitous, which is why it will never be the source of a brand’s competitive advantage. For more information and additional insights visit www.LuxuryInstitute.com, or contact Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza directly with questions (mpedraza@luxuryinstitute.com). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Toyota-Lift of Los Angeles names Simon Walker as Chief Operating Officer Next PostNext Valens GroWorks Arranges Convertible Note Financing Search Recent Posts AppD Summit : le seul événement d’Europe où les marques leaders connectent les clients, le code et les revenus Ivanti Completes SOC 2 Type II Certification Haversack Logistics official sponsor of the rock ‘n’ roll Marathon series THE GROUNDHOG WAS RIGHT: GET READY FOR MORE WINTER – Snow could affect evening commutes tomorrow, go to 511Virginia.org for updates CTB AWARDS TWELVE CONTRACTS WORTH $76.8 MILLION – Widening, congestion relief coming to Route 711/288 interchange in VDOT’s Richmond District Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Web Apps Google reportedly planning built-in ad-blocking feature for Chrome New, 24 comments On both its mobile and desktop browsers by Nick Statt@nickstatt Apr 19, 2017, 7:37pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Nick Statt / The Verge Google plans to introduce an ad-blocking setting in both the mobile and desktop versions of its Chrome browser, according to The Wall Street Journal. The option would be opt-in, and it would remove any and all “unacceptable” ads as defined by Coalition for Better Ads industry group. Those types of ads include pop-up ads, autoplay videos, and what are known as prestitial ads, or those ads that are often fullscreen and show up before you’re taken to the homepage or desired website. Google wouldn’t be blocking its own ads How Google will implement this feature is still being debated, the report says. One option includes blocking all advertising on a website if it includes even just one offending ad, which would ensure that website owners keep all forms of advertising up to standard. The other option is simply to block the offending ads in question, though it’s unclear whether Google will go forth with either strategy. Google declined to comment for this story. It may sound counterintuitive for a corporation whose entire business pretty much depends on internet advertising to consider an ad-blocking feature in the world’s most popular web browser. However, Google has a vested interest in ensuring web users don’t turn to third-party ad-blocking tools that Google does not control and, in some cases, that charge users website owners money to bypass ad-blocking filters, effectively defeating the purpose. The company has a history of disallowing or preventing what it sees as harmful ad practices, like blocking pop-ups in new tabs and issuing malware warnings. So in a way, Google appears to be taking additional steps to clean up advertising bad practices and keep users happy, even if it means throwing a healthy chunk of the lower-end ad market under the bus. Update at 7:54PM ET, 4/19: Added that Google declined to comment. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ Instagram celebrities keep sneaking in sponsored posts, FTC says PSA: the Moto G5 Plus on Verizon can’t dial 911 without a settings tweak 1,200 InterContinental hotels were breached by credit card stealing malware Skullcandy is releasing $35 wireless earbuds Now Trending You'll know Apple blew it when it makes a fingerprint dongle April 19th, 2017 Sony's new A9 camera is a full-frame mirrorless with ludicrous speed It’s Sony’s most advanced professional camera ever. Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references by Rich McCormick 6 comments / new Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ by Rich McCormick 11 comments / new Instagram celebrities keep sneaking in sponsored posts, FTC says by Colin Lecher PSA: the Moto G5 Plus on Verizon can’t dial 911 without a settings tweak by Dieter Bohn 4 comments / new 1,200 InterContinental hotels were breached by credit card stealing malware by Jacob Kastrenakes Skullcandy is releasing $35 wireless earbuds by Ashley Carman 9 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Review: Huawei P10 packs excellent optics and good hardware into a forgettable phone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Yesterday GOOG: 838.21 1.39 Google reportedly working on its own ad-blocking tool to implement in Chrome Chance Miller - Apr. 19th 2017 4:40 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Google Chrome View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, Google is planing to introduce a ad-block feature to Chrome. The report claims the feature could launch as soon as the coming weeks and would come to both the desktop and mobile versions of Chrome. Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor The first thought with this is that it very much seems like such a feature would cause Google to lose money, seeing how much of its business is based on ads thanks to Adsense. The report explains, however, that Google’s ad-blocking tool wouldn’t strip out all advertisements on the web, but rather ones that Google deemed were providing a bad experience: The ad-blocking feature, which could be switched on by default within Chrome, would filter out certain online ad types deemed to provide bad experiences for users as they move around the web. The move, according to the source of today’s report, is a defensive one on Google’s part. By implementing its own ad-block tool directly into Chrome, Google hopes to reduce the use of third-party ad-blockers that strip out all ads. Adsense ads would presumably remain, thus continuing the revenue stream for Google. As for what ads would be deemed unacceptable, the report claims that Google would include things such as pop-ups, auto-playing video ads with sound, and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers. In one possible application Google is considering, it may choose to block all advertising that appears on sites with offending ads, instead of the individual offending ads themselves. In other words, site owners may be required to ensure all of their ads meet the standards, or could see all advertising across their sites blocked in Chrome. Google’s goal here seems clear: to reduce the use of ad platforms other than its own and punish sites who create a less than desirable experience for users. What are your thoughts on a built-in ad-block tool in Chrome? Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Email: Chance@9to5mac.com Chance currently writes for both 9to5Google and 9to5Mac, in addition to 9to5Toys. Favorite Gear Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google Chrome View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 377.24 0.24%   Nikkei ▲ 18430.49 -0.01%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 5/32 yield 2.198%   Crude Oil ▲ 50.73 0.57%   Euro ▲ 1.0740 0.27%   DJIA ▲ 20404.49 -0.58%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Google Plans Ad-Blocking Feature in Popular Chrome Browser Oracle to Acquire Digital Measurement Firm Moat Omnicom Remains Cautious on Earnings Outlook Amid Global Uncertainty Kobe Bryant Pursues Second Act as Director CMO Today: Netflix’s International Big Bang Fades Do Web Publishers Need Their Own Marketing Cloud? CMO Today: Facebook Deals With Homicide Video CMO Today: Cable Channels Band Together for Sports-Free TV Storm Lake Times Pulitzer Highlights Decline of Family Papers CMO Today: Google Shuts Down Burger King Ad Stunt Snap Wants to Help Brands Track When Ads Drive People to Locations CMO Today: United’s PR Fiasco Trundles On United Is the Latest Company to Fly Into a Social Media Storm Hearst Brings Oprah to Amazon’s Alexa CMO Today: United Grapples With PR Disaster YouTube TV Will Force You to Watch Ads on Many DVR’d Shows CMO Today: Fox Bid for Sky Gets European OK CMO Today: YouTube Sets 10,000 View Threshold for Serving Ads Digital Publisher Mic Raises $21 Million in Series C Round Amazon’s NFL Deal Could Shake Up TV Advertising https://www.wsj.com/articles/google-plans-ad-blocking-feature-in-popular-chrome-browser-1492643233 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Media & Marketing CMO Google Plans Ad-Blocking Feature in Popular Chrome Browser Filter could strip out ads that provide bad experiences for users Photo: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images By Jack Marshall Jack Marshall The Wall Street Journal BiographyJack Marshall @JackMarshall Google+ jack.marshall@wsj.com Updated April 19, 2017 7:18 p.m. ET 11 COMMENTS Alphabet Inc.’s Google is planning to introduce an ad-blocking feature in the mobile and desktop versions of its popular Chrome web browser, according to people familiar with the company’s plans. The ad-blocking feature, which could be switched on by default within Chrome, would filter out certain online ad types deemed to provide bad experiences for users as they move around the web. Google could announce the feature within weeks, but it is still ironing out specific details and still could decide not to move ahead with the plan, the people said. Unacceptable ad types would be those recently defined by the Coalition for Better Ads, an industry group that released a list of ad standards in March. According to those standards, ad formats such as pop-ups, auto-playing video ads with sound and “prestitial” ads with countdown timers are deemed to be “beneath a threshold of consumer acceptability.” In one possible application Google is considering, it may choose to block all advertising that appears on sites with offending ads, instead of the individual offending ads themselves. In other words, site owners may be required to ensure all of their ads meet the standards, or could see all advertising across their sites blocked in Chrome. Google declined to comment. The ad-blocking step may seem counter-intuitive given Google’s reliance on online advertising revenue, but the move is a defensive one, people familiar with the plans said. Uptake of online ad blocking tools has grown rapidly in recent years, with 26% of U.S. users now employing the software on their desktop devices, according to some estimates. By switching on its own ad-filter, Google is hoping to quell further growth of blocking tools offered by third-party companies, the people said, some of which charge fees in exchange for letting ads pass through their filters. Google already pays to be part of an “Acceptable Ads” program offered by software company Eyeo GmbH, for example, which develops popular ad-blocking tool Adblock Plus. As a result, advertising on Google’s search engine and some of the other ads it powers are allowed to pass through Adblock Plus’s filters. But the continued growth of ad-blocking is a worrying trend for Google, which generated over $60 billion in revenue from online advertising in 2016. It’s also a concern for other online publishers and services that rely on advertising revenue to support their businesses, many of which work with Google to help sell advertising space on their properties. The Chrome browser now accounts for a large portion of web-browsing globally, so switching on ad-filters within it could give Google more control over the ad-blocking situation, industry observers say. In the U.S. Chrome has nearly 47.5% of the browser market across all platforms, according to online analytics provider StatCounter. Write to Jack Marshall at Jack.Marshall@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR Deloitte CMO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte Vinyl Records Rock On Vinyl records are once again in vogue, driven largely by demand from millennials and middle-aged adults in a nostalgic niche market. Deloitte Global predicts revenue from vinyl-related products will reach nearly $1 billion this year. Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above. More from Deloitte Most Popular Videos Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 O’Reilly: A Huge Factor in Fox News’s Rise Fitness Blender's Four Tips for Home Workouts Can a Wait-Listed Student Still Get Accepted to College? The Most American Car Isn't American Most Popular Articles Fox News Is Preparing to Cut Ties With Bill O’Reilly Exxon Seeks U.S. Waiver to Resume Russia Oil Venture ‘Duped by Trump’: U.S. Taunted Over Aircraft Carrier Tale Google Plans Ad-Blocking Feature in Popular Chrome Browser Bill O’Reilly Is Out at Fox News SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (11) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 O’Reilly: A Huge Factor in Fox News’s Rise Fitness Blender's Four Tips for Home Workouts Can a Wait-Listed Student Still Get Accepted to College? The Most American Car Isn't American Most Popular Articles Fox News Is Preparing to Cut Ties With Bill O’Reilly Exxon Seeks U.S. Waiver to Resume Russia Oil Venture ‘Duped by Trump’: U.S. Taunted Over Aircraft Carrier Tale Google Plans Ad-Blocking Feature in Popular Chrome Browser Bill O’Reilly Is Out at Fox News Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is reportedly adding an ad blocker to its mega-popular Chrome browser Biz Carson Apr. 19, 2017, 7:37 PM 3,332 facebook linkedin twitter email print Flickr/Isaac Bowen Google is reportedly developing a way to block ads directly from the Google Chrome Browser, according to a new report from the Wall Street Journal. The ad blocker would be part of the Google Chrome Browser, which is the most popular browser in the US according to a January report from the federal government's Digital Analytics Program.  Such a move could have major implications for the online ad industry and the digital media publications whose businesses rely on ads. And it could also expose Google to criticism, since the company is a major player in the display ad market and it could theoretically 'white list' its own ads in the Chrome browser, while excluding ads of competitors. Nearly 25% of US internet users had an ad blocker in 2016, according to research firm eMarketer. That number is expected to climb to 30% by 2018.  Google's rumored ad blocker could be turned on by default for users, blocking ads that Google deems as not a good experience. According to the WSJ, the ads that don't make the cut would be from a list of ad types as defined by the Coalition for Better Ads, which it helped create. That could mean any ads that include video ads automatically rolling with sound on or the "prestitial ads" that pop-up with a countdown before you can access the page could be blocked by Google's new browser tool.  A native ad blocker for Chrome could cut against Google's business interests, given the search giant generates billions in revenue each quarter from online advertising, but it could also be a strategic move to get ahead of its users downloading other ad blocking software that it doesn't control. Already browsers like Opera come with an ad blocker pre-installed. A built-in blocker on Chrome could keep ads on websites that adhere to the Google-influenced standard of a better ad while blocking what falls "below the standard of consumer acceptability."  According to the WSJ, Google is considering whether its ad blocker would block just the one offending ad or the entire page ad entirely. The feature is still in development though and could never be released.  “We do not comment on rumour or speculation," a Google spokesperson said. "We’ve been working closely with the Coalition for Better Ads and industry trades to explore a multitude of ways Google and other members of the Coalition could support the Better Ads Standards.“ SEE ALSO: Ad blocker usage is up 30% — and a popular method publishers use to thwart it isn't working NOW WATCH: 5 Tricks Advertisers Use To Make You Buy Their Products Loading video... More: Google Chrome Ad Blockers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is reportedly adding an ad blocker to its mega-popular Chrome browser Google is reportedly adding an ad blocker to its mega-popular Chrome browser Google is reportedly developing a way to block... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Travel Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities More Travel Forums Reviews Video Longform Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Montreal Nashville New Orleans New York Philadelphia Portland, OR San Diego San Francisco Seattle Twin Cities Washington DC ✕ News Stunts Chains Wikipedia Is the Next Internet Giant to Be Mad at Burger King ... For its dumb Google Home/Wiki stunt by Erin DeJesus Apr 19, 2017, 3:48pm EDT tweet share pin Photo: Wasin Waeosri/Flickr Last week, Burger King unleashed an ad that angered the collective internet — and one of the internet’s biggest names — by designing a commercial that would intentionally trigger viewers’ Google Home devices, directing them to the Wikipedia page for the Whopper sandwich. Google responded swiftly by amending Home to no longer respond to the ad’s prompt: “What is the Whopper burger?” And now, it looks like Google wasn’t the only one angered by the experiment. Wikipedia has now posted an open letter to Burger King, accusing the brand of editing its Wiki page to include “advertising, marketing, or promotional material,” which is against the website’s rules. The letter continues: “Our terms of use require all paid editors to prominently post the fact that they are paid, the person or company paying them, and any other relevant affiliations,” a possible reference to an update by a user called Fermachado123 (a name that closely mirrors that of Fernando Machado, BK’s head of brand marketing). Wikipedia also had some choice words for Eater’s sister site the Verge, which in its reporting of the stunt, inserted incorrect information on the Burger King Wiki to see if Google Home would read the wrong information. (It did.) Wikipedia is asking for an apology to its “editors and readers” from all involved. • Wikipedia: Conflict of Interest/Noticeboard open letter [Wikipedia] • Google Was Not Okay With That Burger King Ad [E] • Burger King’s New Ad Forces Google to Recognize the Whopper [The Verge] Can't get enough of Eater? Sign up for our newsletter. Enter your email address Zip or postal code Submit By signing up you agree to our terms of use. More From Eater What’s Wrong With the 2017 World’s 50 Best Restaurants List Eating Your Way Through 24 Perfect Hours in Paris The Dangers of Eating Contests If You Care About Food, You Need to Care About Immigration Policy Watch: The Living Legend Who Bakes 800 Empanadas at a Time Presented by The South's 38 Essential Restaurants Most Read Olive Garden’s Dark Secrets Exposed on First Date A date with a former manager turned into a hilarious exposé of the chain restaurant The 9 Hottest New Restaurants in Cincinnati, Ohio Eater.com Sign up for our newsletter. Enter your email address Zip or postal code Submit By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Taco Pizza Is the Ferocious Calorie Bomb America Needs Right Now by Greg Morabito Six Gorgeous Dishes I Ate in Mexican Wine Country by Bill Addison Olive Garden’s Dark Secrets Exposed on First Date by Greg Morabito 1 comment / new Ellen DeGeneres Strikes a Deal With Wendy’s Nugget Kid by Greg Morabito This Korean Food Phenomenon Is Changing the Internet by Amy McCarthy 1 comment / new This $400 Juicer Has One Big Flaw by Erin DeJesus Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead Ethics Statement Newsletter All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Google Earth gets major update for web, Android with guided tours 04/18/2017 at 12:29 PM by Brad Linder 1 Comment When Google Earth first launched in 2004, it sort of seemed like magic: a 3D globe that allowed you to zoom in on just about any location on the planet. Over the years Google has made improvements to the imagery and the technology that powers the experience, incorporated features from the web-based Google Maps service, and launched mobile versions of Google Earth. Now Google is launching a major update to Google Earth just a few days ahead of Earth Day. The new experience is available through a web browser or the Google Earth app for Android. Desktop users can still download and install the Google Earth program, but the biggest update is that the web-based version works in Chrome without the need to install any standalone software. You can navigate the web-based version with a mouse, but it also supports touch-based gestures, which I find to be an easier way to zoom, pan, and navigate if you happen to have a touchscreen device. You can toggle between 3D, 2D, and Street View photographic views of many areas. And when you navigate to significant spots you can read Knowledge Cards to learn more about those places. Another major update is a feature called Voyager, which is a set of interactive guided tours developed by Google partners including BBC Earth. Google Earth VR is also getting an update with new navigation features and more than 2 dozen additional highlighted locations to explore. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 1 Comment on "Google Earth gets major update for web, Android with guided tours" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Pretty nice. Runs well enough even in Chrome on Linux in my meager but blissfully silent daily desktop. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 13 hours ago Latest News Asus Tinker Board mini PC now available in US for $60 After launching in the UK and Europe earlier this year, the Asus Tinker Board is … [Read More...] Would you buy an SNES Classic mini? Nintendo may have discontinued its NES Classic Edition mini game console, but … [Read More...] Chuwi’s next mini-desktop goes Apollo Lake Chinese device maker Chuwi has been making tablets for years, but the company … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (4-19-2017) Nearly two decades after it first launched, StarCraft is still a great game... … [Read More...] Featured articles This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Say hello to Liliputing’s new commenting system For the past 9 years, Liliputing's comment system has been powered by Disqus. … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review LG G6: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review PC Reviews Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: Australian Review 10 Things I Managed To Do With The Computer From Hell SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Qantas Wi-Fi: The Gizmodo Australia Review Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Here's An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 The New Mystery Science Theatre 3000 Is The Perfect Pop Culture Revival YouTube TV Isn't Perfect, But It's Very Promising The New Sonos Playbase Is Great, But Comes A Little Too Late Here's An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti: Australian Review The New Mystery Science Theatre 3000 Is The Perfect Pop Culture Revival Smart Home & Gadgets Silicon Valley's Hottest Overpriced Juicer Apparently Works Worse Than Your Bare Hands Rule The Playground With A Chainsaw-Powered Tricycle Zedtown: State Of Emergency Is A Quarantine-Themed Zombie Bloodbath See The World's Best Virtual Reality Experiences In Sydney Mobile How To Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone The 10th Anniversary iPhone Sounds Like A Samsung Clone Every Aussie Telco's Plan Pricing For The Samsung Galaxy S8 Snapchat's Dumb New 'World Lenses' Feel Like Magic Car Tech This Giant RC Truck Is The Barbie Jeep's $7000 Off-Roading Cousin Nearly 8000 People Were Caught Speeding In NSW Alone This Long Weekend Scientists Say You Should Follow The Random Route On Google Maps Maybe Apple's Car Project Isn't So Screwed After All Online The Government Is Clueless About eBay And Online Retail Google's Greatest Time-Sucking Invention Just Got A Lot Better Confirmed: Amazon Retail Is Officially Coming To Australia Julian Assange Tweets About Possibly Running In The UK Election Science & Health Why Did These Lions Eat So Many People? More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying To Communicate With Us The Sea Turtle That Ate 915 Coins Did Not Die In Vain What Would Life On Saturn's Moon Enceladus Look Like? Cameras Fast-Forward Through Two Years Of Stunning Seasonal Changes With This Drone Timelapse Unable To Sell New Cameras, GoPro Wants To Buy Old Ones NYPD's Proposed Body Camera Policies Are A Disaster For Police Accountability Netgear's Arlo Pro Is Now A Two-Way Camera, Speaker And Siren Computing Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Apple's Microsoft Office Killer Is Free Again (If You Dare) Five Things To Know About Facebook's Huge Augmented Reality Fantasy Australian Scientists Just Made A Huge Breakthrough That Will Lead To Smaller Devices Gaming Nintendo Might Be Preparing A Mini SNES For The Holiday Season You'll Never Be As Cool As These People Playing Flaming Jenga With A Fire Whip Star Wars Battlefront II Will Tell A Canon Story Of Imperial Revenge Here's The First Full Star Wars Battlefront II Trailer Entertainment HBO Is Making A Fahrenheit 451 Movie Starring Michael B. Jordan And Michael Shannon This One Edit Just Fixed 'Passengers' Freeform Reveals The New Warriors Joining Squirrel Girl Here Are The Songs In Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2's 'Awesome Mix' Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment This One Edit Just Fixed 'Passengers' The Government Is Clueless About eBay And Online Retail Here's An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 How To Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone Google's Greatest Time-Sucking Invention Just Got A Lot Better Rhett Jones Apr 20, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  google earth new the blue marble update video feature Share Google Earth is one of the purest, most beautiful gifts the company has ever given us. Yesterday, the globe-trotting software received a major overhaul that will delight hardcore fans and remind others that it's still a great way to throw away hours of your life. GIF source: Google Earth It's been two years since the search giant last gave Google Earth a major update, and it seems as if the virtual globe has become a new priority for the company. Last October, a new virtual reality version was introduced, and now several additions have made the application extra sticky. One of the biggest changes is that it no longer has to be a separate app that you download. On a desktop, you can just go to the URL in Chrome and start exploring. This may seem minor but you'll now be seeing a lot more of Google Earth because there's no need to open a separate app and sharing is an emphasised feature. With the Android app, you can quickly share a digital postcard with your contacts. The ability to use the service in browser is also a big deal for Chromebook users who were previously locked out. An iOS app will be out soon as well as support for other browsers. (Google Earth Pro is still an app and still outdated.) Above all of the other updates, the most significant overall is the new "Voyager" feature, which is available by clicking the ship's wheel icon. Google has partnered with organisations like BBC Earth and DigitalGlobe to create little informative experiences. Clicking on "Endangered Species Around the World" will show you the locations of various endangered species, give you photos and a "knowledge card" gives some background about them. It's kind of like Wikipedia mixed with Google Earth. Other Voyager stories feature regular and 3D videos. "Itineraries" offer guided tours of cities and a lot more information has been added to major destinations. So far there are a little over 50 stories, but Google plans to add more every week. There are also 20,000 destinations with knowledge cards. It seems all but inevitable that a crowdsourcing model will be implemented eventually to flesh this tool out. Fukuoka, Japan in Google Earth If you want to go off the beaten trail, there's an "I'm feeling lucky" button. The first time I clicked it, I got Fukuoka Tower in Fukuoka, Japan. Cool tower. It was also a great destination for trying out the new 3D features that allow you to explore renderings of major cities and landmarks from any angle. We still aren't close to photorealism yet, but it has a lovely Simcity-esque quality. All-in-all it's a solid refresh for Google Earth and I probably lost about 45 minutes of my night playing with it. But "lost" is really the wrong word. I visited some far-flung locations, learned some factoids about the lined seahorse, and was once again reminded why Earth is the best planet. I also learned that my neighbours have a pool that I never noticed before. [Google, Engadget] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Nearly 8000 People Were Caught Speeding In NSW Alone This Long Weekend Campbell Simpson 18 Apr 2017 3:00 PM 8000. People. That's a lot of demerit points, and a lot of fines. But also, f**k. that's a lot of speeding cars out there. Slow down, people. Confirmed: Amazon Retail Is Officially Coming To Australia Rae Johnston 20 Apr 2017 7:45 AM After months of speculation, Amazon has provided an official statement (finally) confirming the company will be launching retail services within Australia. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Navigate The Right Way With This Smart Phone Car Mount Deals: These Bluetooth Speakers Kind Of Look Like Alien Tech Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Trending Articles 1 Nearly 8000 People Were Caught Speeding In NSW Alone This Long Weekend 2 Confirmed: Amazon Retail Is Officially Coming To Australia 3 This One Edit Just Fixed 'Passengers' Why Did These Lions Eat So Many People? More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying To Communicate With Us The Sea Turtle That Ate 915 Coins Did Not Die In Vain HBO Is Making A Fahrenheit 451 Movie Starring Michael B. Jordan And Michael Shannon Passengers, But Better A Japanese Snack Food Commercial For Metal Gear Solid Fans Shaolin Shuffle Is Infinity Ward's Best Call Of Duty Zombies Map Yet Blade Runner Pistol Is Being Turned Into A Water Gun Don't Use Salary As Your Main Guide To Choosing a Job Why Understanding Food Serving Sizes Is Important For Weight Loss The Differences Between Pull-Ups And Chin-Ups Here's Some Data On What Everyone Earns, According To The ATO 10 things in tech you need to know today Access to super for first-home buyers will do little to help those in Sydney and Melbourne who need it most AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NUDGE HIGHER: Here's what you need to know MACQUARIE: The iron ore price drop isn't over yet © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Articles l l How Does RAM Speed and Timing Affect My PC’s Performance? What Are “Shared Experiences” on Windows 10? How to Easily Reinstall Windows 10 Without the Bloatware How to Remotely Access Your Computer from Your Phone Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search What Happened to chrome://plugins in Google Chrome? By Akemi Iwaya on April 19th, 2017 Google has made yet another change to Chrome’s “under the hood” settings with the removal of the chrome://plugins page in version 57, so how do you access the settings for plugins now? Today’s SuperUser Q&A post has the answer to a frustrated reader’s question. Today’s Question & Answer session comes to us courtesy of SuperUser—a subdivision of Stack Exchange, a community-driven grouping of Q&A web sites. The Question SuperUser reader Jedi wants to know what happened to chrome://plugins in Google Chrome: Until recently, Google Chrome allowed a person to enable or disable plugins (like Adobe Flash Player) using the chrome://plugins page. But it seems that the page no longer exists (as of Google Chrome 57.0.2987.98). So how do I access Google Chrome’s plugins now? What happened to chrome://plugins in Google Chrome? The Answer SuperUser contributor Steven has the answer for us: The chrome://plugins page was removed in Google Chrome, version 57. Objective: Remove the chrome://plugins page, moving configuration for the last remaining plugin, Adobe Flash Player, to its own explicit place in content settings (including an option, in settings, to disable it). Source: Chromium – Issue-615738: Deprecate chrome://plugins Use chrome://settings/content to control when Adobe Flash content is displayed and chrome://components to display the version of Adobe Flash Player installed. Have something to add to the explanation? Sound off in the comments. Want to read more answers from other tech-savvy Stack Exchange users? Check out the full discussion thread here. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Akemi Iwaya is a devoted Mozilla Firefox user who enjoys working with multiple browsers and occasionally dabbling with Linux. She also loves reading fantasy and sci-fi stories as well as playing "old school" role-playing games. You can visit her on Twitter and Google+. Published 04/19/17 DID YOU KNOW? Robert De Niro, Sr.–father of the award winning and iconic actor–was famous in his own right; he was an accomplished abstract expressionist painter with works featured in esteemed locations such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Track, Disable, and Wipe a Lost iPhone, iPad, or Mac How to Disable “Facebook Live” Notifications What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools What Is “Juice Jacking”, and Should I Avoid Public Phone Chargers? Why Is the Dialogue So Quiet on My HDTV? How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows PSA: You Should Unpack and Update Game Consoles Before Christmas Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile 5 ways the iPhone 7 is better than the Galaxy S8 Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR Zach Epstein @zacharye April 18th, 2017 at 12:08 PM Share Tweet You’ve read the Galaxy S8 review. You’ve read about the most important ways Samsung’s new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ are better than the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Now, however, it’s time to flip things around and dive into the key ways Apple’s most recent flagship iPhones are better than the new Galaxy S8 and S8+. There’s no question that Samsung out-designed Apple with its latest flagship smartphones, and they’re undoubtedly the most impressive Android smartphones the world has ever seen at this point. But they’re not perfect, and Apple’s class-leading iPhones still have the edge in a number of key areas. In this post, we’ll take a look at five important ways the iPhone 7 is still better than Samsung’s brand new Galaxy S8. Don't Miss: Samsung Galaxy S8 review: Meet the envy of every iPhone user Operating System This is probably the most controversial of the five points listed in this post. All things considered, however, it’s true. After all these years, Apple’s iOS platform is still far more refined and far more simple than Android. Simple, of course, doesn’t mean less capable. While it’s true that Google still gives Android developers far more freedom than iOS developers have, the capabilities afforded by that freedom that aren’t in iOS appeal to a somewhat small subset of users. iOS has grown more and more capable over the years, and its latest iteration is obviously the most impressive yet. Apple has managed to pile on additional features without overcomplicating the user experience or losing the simplicity that made iOS so enjoyable in the first place. Android gets better with each iteration as well, of course, but users still have trouble making sense of much of what the platform has to offer. Software Updates Speaking of software, this is one of the most important advantages Apple has over Google as a platform company. It’s also an area where Google may never catch up. Right now, according to Google’s own data, the most widely used version of Android in the world is Android Lollipop. It was first released about 2.5 years ago in November 2014. Google’s most recent version of Android is Android Nougat, which was released eight months ago but is only found on 4.9% of active devices. Meanwhile, Apple’s iOS 10 software was released a month after Android Nougat, and yet it’s installed on 79% of active iOS devices as of February. New software brings with it new features, bug fixes, and important security updates. iPhones have access to new software releases the moment they’re made available. Android users with devices other than Google’s Pixel or Nexus phones, on the other hand, have to wait months if not over a year before they can install an Android update. Third-Party Apps Sorry, Android fans, but the experiences afforded by Android apps never measure up to comparable apps on iPhones and iPads. The consistency isn’t there, the smoothness and refinement aren’t there, and the usability isn’t there. Google offers great guidelines for app developers, but they’re just not strict enough to ensure a consistent user experience across apps. Until Google tightens the reins — a lot — this isn’t ever going to improve. Continuity Samsung has taken many, many pages out of Apple’s playbook before, and it’s currently working on yet another page thanks to its Samsung Connect solution. Samsung Connect allows devices like the Galaxy S8 to interact with and control other Samsung (and third-party) devices, but it’s nothing like Apple’s elegant Continuity solution. From handing off web pages and copied text between devices, to synchronizing data across devices, to the beauty that is Apple’s cross-device Messages solution, iPhones and other Apple products work together seamlessly. It may be that a solution this slick is impossible unless a company controls hardware and software alike, but Samsung’s efforts with Tizen suggest that may never happen for the South Korean company. Performance Last but certainly not least is performance. It seems odd on paper that Apple’s 16nm quad-core A10 processor could out-perform the brand new 10nm octa-core Snapdragon 835 and Exynos 8895, but a phone’s processor is only part of the story. (That said, the A10 still crushes the 835 and 8895 in single-core performance on paper as well as in real-world usage.) Apple’s iOS platform is so lightweight and so well optimized that it continues to crush even the most powerful Android phones in the world where real-world performance is concerned. And yes, recent performance tests have shown that this is also the case with the brand new Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. Will Android ever catch up? Maybe some day, but it won’t be anytime soon. Tags: Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus, iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic is finally addressing Pokemon Go’s biggest problem 2 Tech Why the iPhone 7S could be better than the iPhone 8 3 Deals Today’s Alexa smart plug sale on Amazon is even better than yesterday’s 4 Tech These leaked iPhone 8 schematics are a travesty if they’re real 5 Tech Microsoft is trying to make passwords obsolete, and it might succeed Picked For You The first major Galaxy S8 problem concerns the phone’s most important feature By Chris Smith April 18th at 6:50 AM Niantic is finally addressing Pokemon Go’s biggest problem By Jacob Siegal April 19th at 1:31 PM Scientists just unearthed an absolutely terrifying new sea creature By Mike Wehner April 19th at 7:12 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Gadgets Five ways to use Google Analytics Published April 20, 2017April 20, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 If you are looking to track the effectiveness of your pay per click campaign, Google Analytics has you covered, no question. However, according to Jamaica Sanchez, an expert, there is much more to Google Analytics than just checking PPC management or your website visits. That is just the tip of the iceberg. This article piece takes a closer look at how you can effectively use Google Analytics’ goal setting tool. Ask yourself these five key questions and let Google Analytics guide you to an evergreen path: Do my visitors actually read stuff on my site? Track visitor engagement “Are my users engaged with my site?” This is probably the single most important question you can ask. According to sitepoint, Google Analytics will not magically tell you that “Your visitors love your site because they are very engaged in it.” No. To determine whether your visitors are engaged, you can track how long they stay on your site. Longer stay equals engaged users. To set this goal, click on your ‘Admin’ section and hover over the ‘Goals’ tab. Type in the name of your goal, something like “Visitor Engagement.” The type of goal is ‘Visit Duration’ then on ‘Goal Details’, set the condition to greater than three minutes. Google Analytics will then do its thing and you can visit your results in the Goals Overview page. Whatever the result may be, you can and must continue to improve on it. What are visitors looking for on my site? Enable site search tracking Site search is very important in tracking keywords because these keywords tell you what visitors are looking for on your site. Remember, Google Analytics helps you in your never-ending saga of learning about your target market’s needs and wants, which is why we must take in all that we can. To enable site search tracking, go to your website settings. On the ‘Main Website Profile Information’ box, click ‘edit’. On the site search option, select ‘Do Track Site Search’. To view your data results, go to ‘View Reports’, click on ‘Content’ and lastly, ‘Site Search’. Found it? Great! Where are you going? Track outbound links After visitors land on your site, where do they go? Sniffing out your visitors’ tracks is important because it gives you an idea of their thinking. To track your outbound links, copy the outbound links tracking code below your Google Analytics tracking code. Clicked outbound links are then converted to an on click function and you can then view your results in the events page. How long does my site take to load? Check site speed Site speed is often an overlooked element in SEO. If you are unconvinced that site speed is important, you should know that Google considers your site speed in your page rank. More importantly, site speed is crucial for user experience. If your site is loading slowly, you can expect visitors to bounce out. To track site speed with Google Analytics, go to ‘View Reports’ then ‘Content’ and click on ‘Site Speed’. If there is a high bounce rate in pages that take a longer time to load, then there is a need to optimise these pages. Site speed gives very useful data because you can measure how load speed affects conversion rates. You can also find out data as on which browser your site loads the fastest. Did I reach my goals? Track your goals Goals aren’t there to just look at. Check your reports regularly to see if you are anywhere near your goals. If you aren’t, use the data you have collected in Google Analytics to make improvements. A very useful feature here is adding annotations in results to indicate which actions you have taken that greatly improved your results. You can do this by clicking on the down arrow under the visual graph, then click ‘Create New Annotation’. There is so much data you can harvest from Google Analytics, but let’s keep it simple. Bear in mind that Google Analytics is there for two prime reasons. First, to help you learn about your target market, and second, to help you learn more about your site – what works, what doesn’t. The job of Google Analytics stops there. The data you gather is naturally very important, but not as important as what you then do with it. Invest as much time as you can afford in learning how to decode the raw data in Google Analytics to maximise how you can give your site an enormous boost. There’s lots more to consider in using Google Analytics effectively, but asking these five questions and answering them by configuring Analytics to suit your needs is a great way to get started. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected] Share Tweet Pin it +1 gadgets 12 must-have iPhone apps Software versus hardware-based mechanisms for protecting data Eight ways to upload, share videos from iPhone Seven ways social media can ruin your life Small businesses Five reasons why two phones are smarter than one Factors to consider when buying Android phone parts Five reasons your device should have a password Trending How to invest in FGN savings bond How well has FG managed controversy over N13bn discovery? Emir Sanusi visits Ile-Ife clash scene, lauds Ooni’s role Tears as slain WASSCE candidate, mother, father are buried Osun CP warns herdsmen against illegal arms Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Is Ripoff Report subverting Google take-downs? Previously de-indexed Ripoff Report pages are reappearing and ranking prominently again in Google. Columnist Chris Silver Smith takes a close look at how the site is eluding Google’s page removal processes and how defamation victims — and Google — can fight back. Chris Silver Smith on April 19, 2017 at 1:20 pm More Anyone familiar with online reputation issues is surely aware of Ripoff Report, a site long considered one of the most destructive on the web when it comes to people’s and companies’ reputations. Ripoff Report has a well-established practice of refusing any and all demands to remove defamatory materials from its website. Now it’s going even further, moving content around to different URLs after Google has removed the originals from its index to comply with a court order. The result: the content, though declared defamatory in a court of law, could still be accessible through Google. The business model As I have outlined previously in articles about online defamation, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act immunizes some types of websites from responsibility/liability for content posted on them by third parties. Essentially, “distributors” of content provided by others cannot be compelled to remove such content, except when copyright infringement is involved. Ripoff Report, and a number of other websites, have created a niche industry based on the Section 230 protection. Such sites invite people to anonymously post reviews and comments. In practice, Ripoff Report and other similar sites almost universally elicit only negative “reviews,” and simply being mentioned on these types of sites automatically confers some reputation damage because of the website’s name. It’s not named “Independent Reports” or “Consumer Reports” or anything neutral — thus, everyone listed therein must be a “Ripoff.” I’ve mentioned that Ripoff Report will not remove content, but you can pay large fees for “VIP Arbitration” services where they might remove mentions of you, de-optimize your page so it does not rank prominently in search results, and/or post editorial commentary indicating the things written about you might not be accurate. Since they will not remove it if someone defames you on their site, one would think that the most effective recourse would be to obtain a court order that identifies the pages as being defamatory, and then petition Google to remove the Ripoff Report page from their search results. (Google recently seemed to suspend removals of defamatory content for a period, but they have been resuming some removals once more.) For years now, a number of defamation victims have gotten relief through Google’s voluntary removal process, after they obtained properly executed court orders specifying defamatory URLs. Both businesses and individuals that have been severely damaged by malicious and dishonest things written about them on Ripoff Report have been able to make such content virtually disappear by asking Google to de-index the pages from their search results. I don’t have access to statistics, but from the samples of court orders I have seen in the past handful of years, Ripoff Report pages de-indexed through Google’s take-down process could easily number in the thousands. The Google de-indexation effect Ripoff Report could not possibly like this situation. The site and its operators have long positioned themselves as protectors of free speech and consumer sentiment, all the while refusing to remove some content that is demonstrably dishonest and highly destructive to businesses and individuals. But Ripoff Report is a money-making enterprise, and the situations created by the Section 230 protections have left a void where defamation victims often are left with little or no legal recourse. Ripoff Report exploits this lacuna for profit. And, as with many online businesses, traffic levels to a website correlate directly with revenues. Higher familiarity with the RipoffReport.com brand results in more people using it to vent complaints, which results in more “VIP Arbitration” fees and in larger amounts of revenue derived from the advertisements found on the site’s pages. Undoing the de-indexation of page URLs In recent months, Ripoff Report has apparently instituted a few changes in an to attempt to undo the de-indexation of its pages in Google due to court-ordered take-down requests. Many of Google’s systems use page URLs as the unique identifiers for web pages. Google’s systems basically rely upon the URL as a sort of page ID code. As such, when Google decides to remove a page from its search results, it does so based on the page’s URL. (Google can, of course, also remove pages based on a common domain name, but I believe the take-downs for copyright infringement, and for other reasons such as defamation and porn revenge removal requests, are all based on individual page URLs.) The weakness of Google’s page removal system is that it’s reliant upon fairly stable page URLs. Because if an URL changes, then its web page abruptly has a whole new ID code — one that is not suppressed from search results. Ripoff Report has apparently figured out that by changing some characters in de-indexed page URLs, they can magically restore their pages to appear in the search results once more. I’ve now heard reports from a number of attorneys whose dismayed clients have contacted them when previously de-indexed Ripoff Report pages abruptly began appearing and ranking prominently in Google once more. A porn revenge client that I have occasionally assisted on a pro bono basis contacted me again recently, in large part because a couple of Ripoff Report pages that had previously been de-indexed in Google have begun ranking once more for her name searches. The apparent reason? Ripoff Report has changed a number of characters in the URL. Now, it’s not unusual for large websites to publish changes to page URLs. There can be many reasons for page URL changes to occur. It’s possible for only scattered pages on a site to see URL changes — such as if a programmer alters how only a few characters are encoded, for instance. Indeed, it seems that Ripoff Report has optimized for mobile not long ago, and that this effort also spawned a large number of duplicates of existing pages, each with a mobile-version URL. (Example: “http://m.ripoffreport.com/reports/…”) The mobile optimization produced one source of duplicate pages that got indexed anew, but it was not the only cause of previously de-indexed pages that have become reintroduced into search. Intentional subversion? Let us not kid ourselves — I believe that Ripoff Report has intentionally been changing page URLs to elude Google’s page removal processes. When de-indexed page URLs began shifting to new locations, Ripoff Report also began posting a paragraph at the beginning of de-indexed articles stating that there has been legal action and that a court order was obtained. But it also questioned the legitimacy of court orders. In and of itself, this statement wouldn’t necessarily be a big deal, except that it’s happening in context with the page URL changes. Here’s an example of what Ripoff Report is posting at the beginning of de-indexed articles now: Editor’s Comment: Ripoff Report believes in transparency and the more information the better. In this instance there has been court action regarding this subject Report. We believe it important to note that not all Court Orders are alike. Many court orders are absolutely legitimate. However, sometimes courts enter orders based upon default which typically means that the defendant didn’t show up. Sometimes a defendant won’t show up because they didn’t even get notice of the case proceedings in the first place and other times defendants may not show up because they don’t necessarily have the knowledge and/or the financial resources to fight. Still, in other instances, a defendant may simply appear only to stipulate (settle) the case by agreeing to stipulate to a court order because they are being bullied by the plaintiff and whether what they said was true or not, they just want the matter to go away so they can move on with life and make the plaintiff go away. We are providing you all with the same information so that you may be more informed and, coupled with any additional research you feel is necessary, make your own informed decision regarding the validity of this Report. As always, we encourage our readers to do their homework and not just rely on one single source for information. Google, through the Lumen Database, has provided the following document relating to this subject Report: … As you may have encountered in Google’s search results at some point, when there has been a legal action to de-index content from Google, they will post a notice at the bottom of the associated keyword search results page linking to the Lumen Database: In response to a legal request submitted to Google, we have removed 8 result(s) from this page. If you wish, you may read more about the request at LumenDatabase.org. The fact that Ripoff Report has now added this editor’s comment in conjunction with Google’s notice of legal action and removal of identified search results is telling. It seems clear that Ripoff Report is now monitoring either for the notices posted on Google search results or for mentions of Ripoff Report URLs in the Lumen Database itself. And, once they find a mention of a take-down, they post links to the legal documents from the associated Ripoff Report pages. Outing reports’ authors What’s ironic about the situation is that by doing this, Ripoff Report is further “outing” the identities of some of the authors of their reports. This because the links to the court documents inevitably expose the authors. Ripoff Report has long tried to represent that they are nobly dedicated to free speech and safeguarding contributors’ rights to anonymity, but this practice goes against that stated goal. Ripoff Report’s actions have exposed a serious flaw in Google’s page removal system. Since the URL is used as a page ID, webmasters have the ability to make up a completely new ID for any page that has gotten de-indexed. Obviously, the operators of web pages that get removed may not want this to happen, and it’s all too easy for them to circumvent it through endless URL alterations. Ripoff Report’s response I invited Ripoff Report to comment on whether they are changing page URLs to enable their pages to once again be available in search after Google has removed them due to defamation court orders. And I also asked them about how they are now revealing their authors’ names in some instances, despite how their site states that it will not do so unless legally required. Interestingly, Anette J. Beebe, the in-house counsel for Ripoff Report, responded to my question about the URL change without directly answering it affirmatively or negatively. Instead, she pointed out that it is common for sites to change URLs and that Ripoff Report has done so at various times in its history. For instance, she provided a legacy URL such as this (we replaced ID numbers and subject names in the links they provided to us in order to avoid adding link weight to the articles): http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/ripoffXXXXX.htm Which later became this after site URL changes: http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/furniture-furnishings/name-of-company/name-of-company-here-XX-XXXXX Of course, this is not the type of change I am referring to in the current situations. Any SEO professional could compare those example URLs and expect those types of modifications over time in order to better optimize a site for search. Keywords specific to the article page were introduced (“name-of-company”…) while some less-valuable characters were removed (“.htm”), and topic categorization keywords were also added (“/furniture-furnishings”). I expect the modifications shown in their past examples may well have been normal, expectable changes in evolving the site to function more effectively in search. But some of the current changes do not suggest such a commonplace explanation. I expect the modifications shown in their past examples may well have been normal. But some of the current changes do not suggest such a commonplace explanation. For example, here is a URL formatted exactly like the one involving my porn revenge client which Google had removed a few years ago: http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/jane-doe/columbus-ohio-43004/jane-doe-jane-janey-doe-gold-digger-false-accuser-habitual-perjurer-liar-sl-1000000 And, here is the more recent URL that her attorney requested that Google remove again: http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/jane-doe/columbus-ohio-43004/jane-doe-jane-janey-doe-gold-digger-false-accuser-habitual-perjurer-liar-s-1000000 If you are looking closely, you’ll see that the most recent URL differs by just a single character — it is one “l” shorter. I’ve worked in IT for over 20 years, and I’d be hard-put to find any reasonable explanation for this URL change other than an effort to avoid the de-indexing. The URLs appear to include the article titles as part of the keyword sequence, along with a numerical page ID number at the end. Beebe’s additional comments seem to implicitly acknowledge the motivation that I am ascribing to this: the recent URL changes have likely been done in order to elude Google’s content removal actions. Read on to see what I mean. When asked about this, Ms. Beebe responded by soap-boxing some about how fraudulently obtained court orders are a big problem: “Second, as for our reasons for updating URLs, there are many, but I’ll just address the one I think you’re most interested in based upon your questions — the idea that ROR is somehow trying to evade the legal system by changing URLs which, of course, has the effect of restoring de-indexed URLs. Let me be clear — fraudulently obtained court orders are a VERY serious (and growing) problem, not just for Ripoff Report but for all websites that host potentially negative speech.” It would seem that this response is providing an argument for why they should do such URL changes. Without directly stating a “yes” or “no”, Ripoff Report seems to be conveying that if we changed URLs to restore our de-indexed pages in search results, we would be justified in doing so, because some removal orders out there were obtained through defrauding courts. Beebe went on to provide a description and a link to a blog post by attorney Paul Levy who, along with Eugene Volokh, had investigated a number of questionable court-ordered content removals. He wrote about how the operator of a black-hat reputation firm had settled lawsuits brought against him and agreed to get the fraudulently obtained court orders vacated. As I described in my earlier article, “Paradigm shift: Has Google suspended defamation removals?”, there has indeed been abuse of process on the part of some online reputation agencies and attorneys. If a particular URL removal was later revealed to be unjustified due to a fraudulent court order, then certainly I would imagine that Google would be open to restoring it. But I would imagine the proper process would be for a site to send Google a request to restore the URL, rather than attempting to manipulate and dodge Google’s systems. Since Ripoff Report is not directly agreeing to or denying my assertion that they have changed URLs for this purpose, it’s unclear how they’ve determined when to use the URL change technique. Based on my knowledge of the porn revenge client’s perfectly legitimate case, it looks like Ripoff Report isn’t confining these changes to cases in which the court process was abused. Ripoff Report’s counsel went on to respond to my query about why they are now linking to court order documents that reveal the identity of article authors, when their expressed policy is not to disclose authors’ names unless legally required. Their response was: “Among other things, Ripoff Report’s promise to protect an author’s anonymity is intended to protect companies from unmasking the real names of people who post reviews about them. That has not changed. However, once a company, through a proper subpoena or otherwise obtains an author’s name, there is nothing for Ripoff Report to protect anymore. In fact, if it got to a court order, it’s already part of a public record — the court record. Further, you are assuming that all of the court order documents actually name the real author as a defendant. Fake court orders, or John Doe default orders, aren’t necessarily naming the real author so, in those cases, the real author’s anonymity is still protected.” So, when the author’s name is unmasked elsewhere, Ripoff Report no longer feels bound by its own promise to site users to protect an author’s anonymity. I think this is pretty assumptive and disingenuous. It’s troubling that Ripoff Report on one hand states, “Sometimes a defendant won’t show up because they didn’t even get notice of the case proceedings in the first place and other times defendants may not show up because they don’t necessarily have the knowledge and/or the financial resources to fight.” But, on the other hand, they will further expose the articles’ authors based on court documents, even though they are claiming that some of these court orders were baseless. So, which is it? If you believe the court order is valid, then stop posting additional materials on the content on your website defaming the victims (adding the court order content is undeniably an optimization). Or, if you believe your articles’ authors, stop spreading their names further. You cannot have things both ways and pretend to some sort of integrity. There’s been some improvement Now, in defending Ripoff Report, Beebe also related some other areas where the site has evolved, pointing out that they will redact victims’ names in some instances now: “Notwithstanding the foregoing, in [an] effort to help address some issues we were seeing Ripoff Report has been implementing and testing different policies. For example, with our Court Order Policy, as long as the order complies with the same, Ripoff Report will redact out the specifically identified information that was found by the court to be false and defamatory and place in an Editorial Comment that explains the situation. If there are cases of pure harassment/bullying/stalking, and we obtain enough information (often accompanied by police report and/or other information) where we, within our discretion perceive it as such, then we will update the posting under our test/pilot perceived harassment policy … Indeed, I believe we have come a long way from where we used to be in the last two and a half years.” Grudgingly, I have to agree: Ripoff Report has improved in this respect and is a little less icky now. They redacted the name of my porn revenge victim client from the article her harasser had posted on the site as a real case in point. This was a good move and is a move in the right direction. I commend them on doing this. But, unfortunately for the porn revenge victim, Google had not updated its search results to exclude her name from appearing in cached versions of the page, nor had it stopped the article from appearing as a result for searches for her name (which wouldn’t need to be done when the page was deindexed), so when Ripoff Report changed its URLs, the article defaming her abruptly reappeared high in the search results. So, while they helped her on one hand by removing her name, they caused her harm once more when they changed a bunch of their URLs to undo Google’s take-downs. If Ripoff Report wants to be perceived as a protector of consumers and underdogs, they need to go about things in the right way. They would need to petition Google to reinstate specific URLs where there was indication of a fraudulent court process, rather than using a crafty, black-hat approach to sidestepping take-downs. If they had chosen to only request specific URLs be reinstated, my porn revenge client would not have been damaged yet again by the machinery of the Ripoff Report website. Google needs to take action If Google does not want their policing actions to be negated, they clearly need to develop something to stop it. For one thing, disclosing court-ordered removals via the Lumen Database and in notices posted in the related search results is perhaps not the best idea. This is now alerting bad players in the online ecosystem that action has been taken, enabling them to try to execute countermeasures. In the cases of a number of defamation victims, it’s also something of a jerk move. On one hand, Google is saying, “We agree that this defamation is so bad that even though we are not legally required to, we are removing it from our search results.” On the other hand, they’re then posting links to the Lumen Database where the very same links are listed. Yes, I get that this is great when you’re talking about governments trying to suppress free speech, or when SLAPP lawsuits may be at play. But I do not think it’s cool to be re-exposing the very damaging and noncontroversial stuff that you’ve agreed to take down in the first place. Right this minute, as I’m writing this, I’m viewing the Lumen Database entry of that porn revenge client of mine that I mentioned earlier. When those Ripoff Report pages about her reappeared in Google, her attorney submitted removal requests to Google once again last month. I’ll redact identifiable names and slightly alter this sentence from the first paragraph of that court order so that you can understand what it is that I’m talking about: It is clear to the Court that the Defendant, _______, has engaged in an extensive campaign to defame, harass, stalk, impersonate, and invade the privacy of Ms. _____. The Defendant’s unlawful actions have placed her in danger for her safety. In fact, that defendant did some substantial jail time for what he did, which included criminal activities that went well beyond a mere online reputation attack. We know he posted the damaging items because the police found the materials when they subpoenaed the contents of his family’s home and inspected the files on his computers there. Remember how Google publicly declared that they would remove porn revenge for victims without requiring court orders? Well, this victim had to get a court order because her ordeal happened prior to Google’s policy. Also, my understanding is that porn revenge victims can directly request removals of indexed images and videos, but they still need a court order when text is involved. (When my client was victimized, her harasser very unhelpfully published both written material and images throughout the web.) Using URLs is a problem Google using page URLs as IDs is clearly a serious problem when it comes to removing content from search results. Google likely needs to turn its innovative development to this area, as it has with spammers, and come up with something effective that cannot be so easily negated. This problem should concern more than victims of defamation and porn revenge. This issue is also coming up where DMCA copyrighted content removal requests are concerned. Content pirates can use the very same means to dodge removal enforcement procedures. Google probably needs to evolve toward a removal system that is based upon pattern recognition to identify and suppress pages that are detected to contain disallowed materials. Why should victims have to repeatedly come back with more requests to remove the stuff that Google previously agreed to remove? The costs for victims seem to keep mounting over time, and they have to maintain an ongoing vigilance for the reappearance of stuff that they thought had already been resolved. Sure, I recognize the inherent issues and complexities with a pattern-based system, but I suspect Google has the technical ability to implement such a system. Perhaps it could be a hybrid of a pattern-recognition system combined with information on domains and their URLs. One final note — one wonders if Ripoff Report has finally pushed the envelope so far that they may be undermining the immunity they have enjoyed thus far. Section 230 protects mere distributors of content, but one could argue that Ripoff Report is now doing more than just facilitating user-generated content. By adding commentary to a Ripoff Report page to imply that the court order regarding it might not be valid or trustworthy, they perhaps begin to be a content author or a collaborator with the author rather than just a publishing platform. Note: I also reached out to Google and the Lumen Database for comments about these issues, and at the time of publication, they had not responded. If they do provide any comments, I’ll update this article. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Chris Silver Smith Chris Smith is President of Argent Media, and serves on advisory boards for Universal Business Listing and FindLaw. Follow him @si1very on Twitter and see more of his writing on reputation management on Marketing Land. Popular Stories SEO & website design: Everything you need to know Is Ripoff Report subverting Google take-downs? 6 types of negative SEO to watch out for The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Enter the MarTech Caption Contest Here's your chance to contribute and be recognized for your own martech sense of humor by participating in the MarTech Cartoon Caption Contest. Submit your caption entry by Thursday, April 27 for a chance to win. Submit Your Caption White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracy Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events N.Y. businessman prosecuted for forging court orders to send to Google for deindexing The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Eugene Volokh By Eugene Volokh April 19 at 6:51 PM Follow @volokhc “A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold. — Proverbs 22:1 Michael Arnstein runs the Natural Sapphire Company. Upset at some allegedly libelous criticisms of his company, he filed a lawsuit and got a court order requiring a defendant to take down those criticisms. He then sent the order to Google, asking Google to deindex those URLs (as Google often does when it sees such a court order). And then Arnstein submitted 11 other orders to Google, each mentioning a new allegedly libelous URL (or list of URLs), each in the same case, and each with a different order date. Unfortunately, they weren’t really orders — they were apparently forgeries, copying the caption to the case and the judge’s signature. (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.) Google did indeed apparently deindex some material, relying on some of these orders. Monday, Arnstein was arrested for forging a judge’s signature (and conspiracy to forge the signature); the criminal complaint was made available on Bloomberg Wednesday. I’ll keep our readers updated on the progress of the prosecution, but in the meantime here’s an excerpt from an e-mail from Arnstein cited in the complaint: I think you should take legal advice with a grain of salt. I spent 100K on lawyers to get a court order injunction to have things removed from Google and Youtube, only to photoshop the documents for future use when new things ‘popped up’ … I could have saved 100K and 2 years of waiting/damage if I just used photoshop and a few hours of creative editing … Lawyers are often worse than the criminals. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy. Follow @volokhc 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Berkeley cancels conservative firebrand Ann Coulter’s speech over fears of more violent protests 2 A ‘dreamer’ claims he was secretly deported. The government claims it never happened. 3 ‘We’re truly sorry’: Fla. apologizes for racial injustice of 1949 ‘Groveland Four’ rape case 4 After using n-word in front of black colleagues, Fla. state senator faces calls to resign 5 Conservatives fault Arkansas court for halting executions The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Gadgets Google Analytics Published April 20, 2017April 19, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 Google Analytics is a freemium web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google launched the service in November 2005 after acquiring Urchin. Google Analytics is now the most widely used web analytics service on the Internet. Google Analytics is offered also in two additional versions: the subscription based Google Analytics 360, previously Google Analytics Premium, targeted at enterprise users; and Google Analytics for Mobile Apps, an SDK that allows gathering usage data from iOS and Android Apps. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected] Share Tweet Pin it +1 gadgets IBM and Ericsson’s research on 5G communications networks Five things you shouldn’t do with a laptop Seven ways to cool off a hot smartphone Five ways to use social media for professional networking Crash (computing) Software versus hardware-based mechanisms for protecting data Six ways to prevent hard drives from being corrupted Six signs your PC is about to crash Trending How to invest in FGN savings bond How well has FG managed controversy over N13bn discovery? Emir Sanusi visits Ile-Ife clash scene, lauds Ooni’s role Tears as slain WASSCE candidate, mother, father are buried Osun CP warns herdsmen against illegal arms Yawe1 Weed smoker thou no one is above mistake but i like and respect you for one thing you have apologized several times concerning the ugly incident i wish the people involved find a place in their heart to forgive you. Somtochukwu He may be forgiven but the honourable should be that he resigns his post. AAT What does the law of the land said this kind of matter – killing/death through error of omission or commission. We have the law of the land. Let it takes it course. dpfrank The needful action shld be taken, we are talking about a man causing several people’s death. TruthHurts He didn’t apologize until the tables turned on him. His apologies aren’t genuine whichever way, he needs to buck up, learn to be a man of honour, do the honourable thing, resign. Nigerians would have respected him a lot if that was the first thing he’d done. Who knows, we might have been so impressed by that quality that we call him back to serve. Chigozie Macdom He must return his February to April salary, sacked and be handed over to EFCC and police to be arraigned in court. Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives PopularScience.TV Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube snapchat rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Technology The new Google Earth lacks some important tools for researchers Fortunately, Google says it will keep the classic desktop app up to date By Kelsey D. Atherton posted Apr 19th, 2017 at 6:39pm Screenshot by author, from Google Earth Google earth at a distance Virtual blue dot The world is right in the palm of your smartphone-holding hand. Google Earth rolled out a new version of its venerable globe this week, first for Chrome and Android, and later for other browsers and iOS. It is a gentler, lighter Google Earth, a slicked-down tool for exploring and sharing beautiful snippets of the world. Unfortunately, it’s also missing all the niche features that Google Earth an invaluable tool for reporters and investigators across the world for over a decade. “I first started using Google Earth when it launched and I was a researcher in Seoul,” said Melissa Hanham, who now works as a researcher at the James Martin Center for nonproliferation studies. “At the time I heard about a location where North Korea had launched a missile, and all I knew was it was near a town of Musudan Ri. So I opened Google Earth, I found the town, and just started searching all around until I found the missile pad, and that’s when I became a Google Earth evangelist.” Hanham now has a formal relationship with Google Earth. While it’s not a paid connection, she is a member of the Google Earth outreach trainer’s network, providing instruction and creating training materials. Google works with nonprofits—like the World Wildlife Fund—that aim to do good with satellite imagery, and it appears to be a mutually beneficial relationship. Google gets to tell compelling stories about the work people do with its utility, and the NGOs get to request more and better imagery so they can do better work. Google Earth maintains a site devoted to case studies of nonprofits using the technology for good, like mapping slums in India or tracking deforestation in Indonesia, which may have required a special eye towards posting cloud-free satellite images. “Of all the tools we use, Google Earth is used by far more than any other than Chrome” said Aric Toler, an analyst at bellingcat, a digital journalism outfit that uses open source intelligence, like satellite imagery on Google Earth, to track conflicts around the world. “There’s a lot of really neat features, like historical imagery, so you can track the construction of something, or if you’re looking at an old video you can see if a Mosque is still there or if it’s been bombed out. It’s kind of like it’s time travel.” After Malaysia Airlines Flight MH-17 crashed in Ukraine in the summer of 2014, from what was ultimately discovered to be a missile attack, Toler and bellingcat used Google Earth to find the spot where the Russian anti-air team launched the fatal missile. Screenshot by author, from Google Earth 7 Burj Khalifa, as seen in Google Earth The world's tallest building casts a long shadow. “Almost every geolocation we do is with Google Earth so it’s kind of hard to think of any that weren’t done with it,” Toler said. “For example, when we looked at the launch sites for the missile that shot down MH-17. When they fired the missile, it burned a field, so we looked at Google Earth historical imagery and compared the location over time. You can see on one day it’s totally fine, and on a later day it’s burned to hell because they fired a missile.” Toler says Google has funded bellingcat twice: with a grant a couple years ago, and presently through a Digital News Initiative. The direction isn’t editorial; Toler says he’s interacted with the Google Earth team and conferences an via email, but it’s really the utility of Google Earth as a tool that matters above all. “A big reason why it’s great is we can make it easy for our readers,” Toler said, “just open up Google Earth and put in these coordinates yourself, you’ve got the site, you can see it for yourself” And that utility means Google Earth isn’t just a way for observers to track the world, but to add evidence to policy arguments. “You can actually do analysis on the elevation change over an area,” said Hanham, “so we used that once when we were debunking some myths about underground Tehran facility.” “In February 2015, NCRI, National Council for the Resistance of Iran sort of made this press statement that there was this secret underground centrifuge facility in downtown Tehran,” Hanham said, “using just Google Earth we could debunk a lot of things about that. We could look at that location and use the time slider bar and see that there wasn’t a ton of construction going on like they said, there was no ventilation for secret underground facility.” Another feature missing from the new Chrome version is the historical imagery and the time slider, which make it hard to compare change over time in the same location in the browser app. Another invaluable feature that’s on the desktop version and missing from the new app is are annotation tools, where users can drop pins, draw lines, and makes shapes. The markup and annotations can then be easily shared and edited without performing a lot of time-consuming math. And the functionality of Google Earth has led to some other interesting uses. It plays nice with 3D modeling app, SketchUp (which was formerly owned by Google), so Hanham’s used the combination to import images from Google Earth, mocked up buildings, and figured out their heights from the shadows alone. Hanham even has a tutorial on how to do it. When asked about limitations, Hanham immediately went to legal constraints, not technical ones. Google is a United States company, so it has to follow the laws of the U.S. when it comes to imagery, which have some weird quirks. “There’s the Kyl-Bingaman amendment,” Hanham said, referring to an amendment to a 1997 Defense Authorization Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from selling high resolution satellite imagery of Israel. “What it means to me is I just go get imagery from other places to look at Israel.” Besides Google Earth, Toler and Hanham mentioned Bing, WeGo, and Russia’s YanDex, which have their own mapping services with satellite imagery. For places where US law requires poor resolution, like Israel or military installations like the NATO airbase at Volkel in the Netherlands, researchers can get satellite images from other countries. . (Volkel is a suspected storage location for NATO nuclear warheads, used to appear pixelated on Google Earth and Google Maps, but when I checked on Google Earth this afternoon with the new Google Earth, it appeared without any obstruction.) Wikipedia maintains a list of satellite map images with missing or unclear data, some of which can be found on some mapping services but not others. Screenshot by author, from Google Earth 7 Future site of the Burj Khalifa Take in 2005, this picture shows the location of the world's tallest building, before it was built. Another limitation is that interest dictates what’s available. There’s a lot of images where people are, in cities like London and New York, and in the conflicts that get a lot of attention, like parts of Syria and Eastern Ukraine. When it comes to less widely publicized conflicts, it can be hard for journalists with a narrower focus to get the same benefit from Google Earth. “I was working with some Iraqi journalists and also some Afghan journalists, working for local radio stations,” Toler said, “they said they wanted to track this mansion that was being built by this governor because he’s reportedly corrupt, but the newest satellite imagery available to us is from 2002, before the U.S. invasion. What open source research can you do when the latest image was before war destroyed the country?” It’s possible to buy satellite images that aren’t integrated into Google Earth, but it’s expensive. Hanham says the imagery at Geo4NonPro, a crowdsourced imagery analysis site maintained by the center for nonproliferation studies, cost $60,000, and Toler cites a figure of $3,000 for an image strip from DigitalGlobe. That’s a prohibitive cost for many, so they’re left with what’s already purchased by a company and put online. Which means, as Toler puts it, “The availability is either fantastic or horrid depending on what you’re looking at.” Still, Toler and Hanham both sang the praises of the Google Earth desktop client as they know it, what Google is dubbing “the classic Google Earth,” and while they have played with the new release of Google Earth for android and Chrome, they’re sticking to the old version of the program until new features get added. “There’s little things, that aren’t really present in the Chrome version of Google Earth,” Toler said, “There’s a service that’s Google called Panoramio, which has geotagged photos taken by users who submit them. For example, if you’re trying to cross-reference video and see if it was at a specific factory, you can put an overlay in Google Earth of photos normal people took in the area and uploaded.” Google is aware of its strong contingent of power users, and while the new release seems aimed at a broad base of casual users, Google wants to make sure the power users don’t feel left behind. "New Earth has a lot of amazing features around story telling but it doesn’t yet have all the features that some people are accustom to in Earth 7 that we recognize are important to a lot of people,” a Google spokesperson said, “So, we’re planning to maintain the classic Earth 7 apps as we build out this kind of functionality in the new Google Earth." Tags: google earth satellite imagery open source intelligence Google maps Technology Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media     Google to pay $22.5 million in AdWords settlement By George Avalos / April 19, 2017 at 2:47 PM Google has struck a deal to settle a class-action lawsuit for $22.5 million in a dispute that arose from disappointments regarding the placement of advertisements. The deal sets up a fund from which members of the class in the litigation would be able to receive cash payments as compensation. “If you had a Google AdWords account and were charged for ad clicks, you may be entitled to money,” reads an introduction to the web site that’s been set up regarding the settlement. A website provides information about the settlement and enables people to make arrangements to receive cash from the settlement. “This case alleges that Google failed to disclose to its AdWords customers that it placed ads on websites known as parked domains and error pages,” according to the website. “The lawsuit alleges that this conduct violated California laws against unfair competition and false advertising.” Parked domains are websites that aren’t fully developed or are completely undeveloped and have little or no content. Mountain View-based Google denies the claims lodged against it. The deal applies to U.S. residents with an AdWords account from July 11, 2004 through March 31, 2008. It also applies to people who were charged for clicks on advertisements that appeared on parked web domains or error pages. The plaintiffs claimed the tech titan failed to provide its advertising customers with the value that they had paid for. The plaintiffs charged in their lawsuit that they bought advertising services and were led to believe Google would place their ads on internet sites that were high quality. “Google concealed from advertisers that it actually was placing substantial numbers of their ads on low quality parked domain and error pages that contained little or no content, and which could not be accessed through what internet users considered to be search,” according to court records.   Above: Screenshot from website for the settlement of the Google AdWords litigation.  Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: ads, AdWords, Google, lawsuit, settlement   More Posts in Silicon Beat San Francisco startup Juicero’s $400 juice-maker turns out to be totally unnecessary: report April 19, 2017   Tesla suit: Autopilot unsafe, based on “half-baked software” April 19, 2017   Can Sacramento become self-driving car hub? Kings owner Vivek Ranadivé says yes April 19, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Tesla suit: Autopilot unsafe, based on “half-baked… Tesla faces labor dispute at key German robotics factory Google unveils new Google Earth: Do you feel lucky? Google to pay $22.5 million in AdWords settlement Home sales and prices jump across the Bay Area, California     Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman ForRent.com® First in Multifamily to Release Accelerated Mobile Pages The implementation of AMP pages and bringing in Search Engine Optimization and Marketing experts help us do more for our customers – like getting them in front of the correct audience to build their brands and retain their residents. Norfolk, Virginia (PRWEB) April 19, 2017 ForRent.com®, a key player at the forefront of the multifamily industry for more than three decades, is the first in the multifamily sector to release Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) in order to help customers build their brands and drive quality leads. As the name suggests, an AMP page is a page that has been specifically designed to load extremely quickly on a mobile device from a search engine results page. These pages are part of an open source initiative spearheaded by Google to improve the mobile experience. Mobile searches are often the entry way into an online search. In fact, according to official Google statements, more than 50 percent of search queries globally now come from mobile devices. In January 2015, mobile searches surpassed desktop searches on Google for the first time, and that gap has only continued to widen as more and more people use their mobile devices to search online. Google recognized this, and announced last October that, in 2017, they’d be moving to a search index that puts „mobile first”. This means that mobile signals will be a primary ranking mechanism once Google makes this switch. The mobile and development teams at ForRent.com have prepared for this in a few ways. The move to a responsive design, which is preferred by both Google and Bing over running a separate mobile site, was at the top of the priority list – and with that, comes increases in traffic to our customers’ listings. With the consumer’s ever-shrinking attention span and demand for instant results, and AMP pages are a fantastic benefit to ForRent.com and to its customers. In addition to the lightning fast loading nature of AMP pages, which is a very important factor to today’s consumer, these pages also have the propensity to rank higher within the search results. This is because Google rewards websites that place a priority on fast, mobile-friendly, responsive web pages – exactly what ForRent.com has already achieved in early 2017. Launching AMP pages and hiring new Vice President of Search, Simon Heseltine, are forward movements that are directly in line with organizational goals to continue the aggressive pursuit and development of innovative technology solutions and SEO strategies to benefit clients. Terry Slattery, President of ForRent.com, says, “At ForRent.com, we’re about more than just getting leads to our customers – we have them covered in every aspect of the rental journey. The implementation of AMP pages and bringing in Search Engine Optimization and Marketing experts such as Simon Heseltine help us do more for our customers – like getting them in front of the correct audience to build their brands and retain their residents.” For more information about AMP pages, here is an official blog from Google. About ForRent.com® Founded in 1982 as For Rent Magazine®, ForRent.com® is headquartered in Norfolk, Virginia, and provides property managers and owners with diverse marketing and advertising products, services and education. These products are easy to use, easy to understand, and designed with modern renters in mind. For apartment shoppers, ForRent.com provides robust community listings in a multitude of media, including social, online, mobile, video and an extensive distribution network. ForRent.com operates four websites: ForRent.com®, AFTER55.com®, CorporateHousing.com™ and ForRentUniversity.com®. ForRent.com is continually at the forefront of the industry with cutting-edge, innovative solutions for customers and consumers alike. The passionate salesforce takes pride in helping customers drive leads, retain residents, and build their brands. The multifaceted approach continually reaches all consumer segments with a fully-integrated marketing campaign utilizing mobile, social, and desktop platforms with extensive search exposure. ForRent.com serves as the complete resource for renters in every part of their living experience. Visit ForRent.com for more information and our Apartment Professionals Blog for industry knowledge, tips and ideas. About Dominion Enterprises Dominion Enterprises is a leading online marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple targeted business verticals. Our widely recognized B2C web and mobile portals, including ForRent.com, Homes.com, and CycleTrader.com, generate nearly 30 million unique visits monthly. Our B2B cloud SaaS solutions directly support clients in establishing their online and mobile brands, generating leads, and managing customer relationships. Dominion Enterprises has more than 40 businesses and 3,000 employees in our Norfolk, Va. home office, and across the U.S. We offer a dynamic environment, excellent growth opportunities, competitive earnings and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). Dominion Enterprises is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. Dominion is a drug-testing employer. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Electric Locomotive Engines Market 2021 Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Vendors Landscape, Shares, Size, Trends, Challenges, Segmentation with Forecast Next PostNext Online Payment Market Analysis 2016 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Mr. Beer Teams Up With Funky Buddha Brewery to Release Hop Stimulator Double IPA Homebrew Recipe Active Pacific Storm Pattern Active Pacific Storm Pattern Kaibab South Zone RX Fire (Prescribed Fire) Dobson Knob Fire (Wildfire) Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Google Wifis randomly stop working, turn solid blue Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/17 5:20pm PDTApr 17, 2017 3 Plus 1 on G+ 36 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares85 Bug Watch Google Wifi News If your Google Wifi seems to be looking a bit blue these days — as in, the light is stuck blue — you might want to check to see if it's still actually functioning. The current build for it (9202.35.8) seems to be causing issues for some users. You probably know if you've been affected since, well, your Google Wifi won't be working. Other means of detection and confirmation manifest themselves via a steady blue light on the primary hub, at which point the satellite hubs may start to flash orange signifying a disconnect of the primary hub. In the meantime it seems that restarting that primary hub fixes the issue, but only temporarily. To be very clear, this is not a universal problem. It could be related to the latest build (9202.35.8). Even then, not all users are reporting this, and the precise nature of the cause has not been reported. But, a reasonably large number of individuals on Google's forums have been experiencing this particular issue. Google has responded on the forum with some information, reassurance, and instructions for those affected, saying, "Our team is still looking into this and working hard on getting a fix out-- we aim to have it out as soon as possible." More information for those who find they may be experiencing this problem is available below: The engineering team is still working on a final fix for this issue. However, over the past few days our support team has seen two workarounds that make help resolve the issue temporarily until the fix is released. These have worked in a few cases, and may be worth a try. 1. Attempt to setup GWifi from scratch using a different owner account. This can mean creating a new Google account, or using a family member's Google account to setup the Google Wifi devices through the GW app. 2. Disconnect wireless Windows 10 devices or Xbox devices (or connect them via ethernet instead). There have been a few cases in which disconnecting any Windows 10 devices or Xbox devices has brought the Google Wifi network back up again without crashes. You can also reach out to our support team (g.co/wificare or wifica...@google.com), who will be able to provide more deep-dive troubleshooting advice based on the topography of your network. As always, thank you for your patience while we work on this issue. Both of the potential fixes at this time seem a bit unfortunate; neither having to switch to a new google account nor giving up using a Windows 10 device sound very great, but hopefully Google will have things solved quickly. Source: Google Tags 9202.35.8 Google Wifi blue light google wifi router subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Here are 25 temporarily free and 39 on-sale apps to help start off the week ... Next Story AOSP site gets updated with Material Design, a better mobile view, and clearer navigation Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Dallas King Google really dropping the ball lately eh? Ryne Hager Nah, bugs happen. All of the recent stuff has only really hit a small number of people. C Lo Perception is reality, even though it may only affect less than 1%. JD At this rate Google might as well use a "Working Functions" Tracker vs a "Bug Tracker" The List will be smaller and easier to manage. Sean Are the finger print readers messed up as well? Artem Russakovskii It also reboots at 30% battery. Josh Crumley Breaks SafetyNet too so no Android Pay dan And now it blueloops T_Dizzle I #bluebricked my Google WiFi. :) Jon Fridman #artemsluck Max Running that build on mine without issues. Artem Russakovskii Same here, because it's the latest current build - every Wifi should be on it right now. Kevin Davis Disconnect Windows & Xbox devices? GTFOH Google, fix your sh*t. enoch861 Haha, I'm so shocked that's actually a suggested fix I laughed out loud. It's like them saying "Don't use the internet and you won't have issues." This is why I stay away from a majority of Google hardware. T_Dizzle More like disconnect Google WiFi and use your old router till they get their stuff together. Kevin Davis Absolutely correct. 4Ui812 Google is aiming for continuity by breaking all of their products. berto1014 No kidding, sounds like their QA/QC lately is borderline nonexistent. TeutonJon78 Lately? It's been downhill since KK. Jilljsantana Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !st241c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs531ShopStreetGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!st241c:....,...... JRomeo I dont think anybody knows what KK means. JD You're right people from that Era said F IT I'm out, call me when Google is out of Beta. Ra1nb0wD4sh DE KitKat JD "Ok Google What is QA or Quality Assurance" *Google Home explodes* - Because Google. whispy_snippet For goodness sake. Because WiFi wasn't already annoying enough. Leif Sikorski Service, testing and quality control ... something Google likes to fail at. They save money on the wrong end and that's why they'll never be a big competing hardware company. catalysto Apple products get bugs like this, too. dan At least when apple breaks something like fingerprint readers it's by design. Cecil Hardwood As an Apple fan I can say...Nope. Cecil Hardwood As an Apple fan I can say...Yup. MJ "Attempt to setup GWifi from scratch using a different owner account. This can mean creating a new Google account, or using a family member's Google account to setup the Google Wifi devices through the GW app." WTF? A factory reset won't work but using a different Google account will? Does this concern anyone? There is ZERO reason to have a/your Google account tied to a piece of hardware like a router. This is your second warning. This was the first --> http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/02/23/google-onhub-wifi-units-randomly-dying-people-requiring-factory-resets/ 😆😄 Not concerning at all. The Google account just acts as the intermediary for the OAuth2 tokens that the app and the devices use to share data. Would you rather sign in with a login/pass every time you open the Google Wifi app instead? MJ Not concerning at all? We have already had one incident where the Google Accounts engine reset people's routers and another incident where using the original Google account that setup can't be used to fix a problem. Yes! I rather use a login/password local to router itself to logon. I have always owned my router and never had the need to use an "app" to access it. LOL The couple of times I need to change a setting on my router a year my PC is a better tool to do that. 😆😄 Sounds like Google Wifi is not for you, then. I love it personally! 😃 ericshmerick Bah, let MJ make everyone feel as if the sky is falling!!!11!11 😆😄 Yeah, his comments are great... they remind me of this speech: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwMVMbmQBug 4Ui812 Just " Google it " is said among people when they need information. When their phone or other hardware has issues people will start saying "it's Googled" . 4Ui812 Does Google search know what's wrong with Google's hardware/software or should people just Bing it ? Deeco Google has the worst quality control ever from why company. Ryan Moving the functionality to Google Express JD Ok Google remind me to buy internets today. robertlwalters This killed my Asus OnHub AD1980 There's that high quality we've come to expect from Google products charles anderson I was doing some test on one of my onhubs earlier and once I reset it on this build that was it it would no longer work I couldn't reset it at all or reconnect to it it also wouldn't get an IP address from my ISP at all so there's that.🤔 sbeaulieu Fuck. Come on Google. Lare2 This is whats happens when Google wants to apply their philosophy of iterate fast to infrastructure equipment where you need rock solid stability. Get your act together Google, this is not a freaking gadget you can just push new stuff to it and wait to see what happens. Geeeez Bruce Wayne Very few things come out of this company that don't break down and have issues. They should focus on improving their current crop of products and services rather than rushing things out and implementing poor quality control. Maxr1998 Nothing unexpected for me, when does Google ever release a product without bugs? Anyway, I don't care, I don't have a Google Wifi - I'm only here for the header image 😂😂 abc To be fair, sometimes issues happen with beta products. JD But all of Google's products are Beta.... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/50758a6dc716e75ca6f3916119d1cc1b658a0397c96802c00519ce51490d09e5.jpg Luxferro The perfect example why you shouldn't buy these manufacturer managed routers. UniBroW Glad I held off on getting these for my father who rents out his condo down south to vacationers. This would be a nightmare YaKillaCJ I'm going to need Microsoft to get it together. Yes, I know this is about Google. However it's well documented that Xbox has issues specifically with many cable routers. Routers that are default to Comcast. Thus midway of playing a match online or watching say Netflix, you will be randomly signed out of Xbox Live. Even though your Internet, connection & speed hasn't dropped. The only fix is to get another router (aftermarket) and turn your cable router into bridge mode effectively turning it into just a modem. JD So Some kind of Comcast router problem.... YaKillaCJ I blame both. Sure Comcast takes more blame but it isn't like Microsoft doesn't kno the issue exist. They can fix it. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I'm telling you. You need to run a "Google Screwup Of The Day" series. Perico Lospalotes I am done buying google devices, The Chromecast mediocre due to the totally worthless app you must use on the phone (Fire stick kicks its but any day of the week and twice on sunday), Google Home 1 answer out of 5, Pixel, o don't make me start on Pixel. They do not know how to make and back up with CS their electronics. JD Shit like this is why I don't buy Google Products. Especially products that are responsible for my Wifi/Internet. When shit doesn't work I go online and Google it, but now Google Hardware is why I can't Go online to Google why my Google hardware doesn't work. #Googleception Nexus Hexus LOL! Wow your thumbnails are great Ryne Hager. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.389s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Google Reveals Espresso, Its Edge Data Center SDN How Amazon Prevents Data Center Outages Like Delta’s $150M Meltdown VMware Sells Off Cloud Services Business to OVH Facebook to Build Data Center in Clean Energy-Friendly Nebraska This Hacker Can Talk His Way inside a Data Center Previous Article Optimizing Today’s Data Centers: Metrics that Matter Next Article Opinion: De-Electrification of the American Economy The New York Times building in New York City, 2016 (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) Cloud Computing, Enterprise The New York Times to Replace Data Centers with Google Cloud, AWS by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on April 18, 2017 2 comments Tweet Add The New York Times to the quickly growing list of companies replacing their own data centers with public cloud services. As it continues to modernize its infrastructure, the publisher is planning to shut down three of the four data centers hosting its content and internal applications in the near future, migrating most of the workloads to Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services, Nick Rockwell, the company’s CTO, said in a phone interview with Data Center Knowledge. The Times is a rare relative success story in the digital age among traditional big media organizations, all of whom have been hit hard by the internet’s rise and the virtual takeover of the advertising market by Google and Facebook. The publisher has managed to temper steep declines in print advertising revenue with a growing digital subscription business (the last presidential election and The Times’ subsequent coverage of the Trump administration have boosted that growth substantially) and by expanding into new markets, such as its recent acquisition of the product review site Wirecutter. This success story, however, has been powered by an outdated infrastructure backend, which Rockwell recently described as a “jumbled mess.” He joined near the end of 2015 after 10 months as CTO at Condé Nast, and since then his team has been working to bring that jumbled mess up to today’s standards. And that usually means shifting as many applications as you possibly can to the cloud. The Times already uses a virtual private cloud in AWS and a variety of Amazon’s public cloud services in addition to running some apps in the Google cloud. In addition, however, it has cages of equipment in leased data centers in Newark, Boston, and Seattle, as well as its own internal data center at The New York Times building in Times Square. See also: How The New York Times Handled Unprecedented Election-Night Traffic Spike Rockwell’s plan is to shut down the three leased sites, keeping only the internal facility in New York, which primarily hosts infrastructure for video editing, network equipment, and a few older applications that are hard to move to the cloud. All applications that depend on Oracle databases will be deployed on AWS, while most of everything else will run in containers on GCP, orchestrated by Kubernetes. “Plus, some other apps that we prefer to run on [virtual machine] instances will probably remain in AWS, mainly packaged enterprise IT apps,” he wrote in an email. A critical piece of the publisher’s modernized infrastructure is a CDN (Content Delivery Network) operated by the San Francisco-based startup called Fastly. It caches clients’ content on SSD drives in edge data centers located in major metros around the world and provides an unusually high level of visibility into the way their traffic flows through its network – a key differentiator from the big traditional CDNs. Using Fastly further reduces the amount of infrastructure The Times needs to deploy, in the cloud or otherwise. The service that provides the primary API for mobile push notifications for its app, for example, sends out 25 million to 30 million notifications per minute when news breaks. AWS cloud infrastructure to support this service had to be scaled roughly 40 times typical load, costing the company about $25,000 per month, Rockwell said. His team is working to switch that service to GCP in combination with Fastly (the startup is a GCP partner). He expects the new setup to bring the price tag for delivering the service down to about $5,000 per month, the cost of Fastly’s service in this particular instance being “immaterial.” See also: Can Google Lure More Enterprises Inside Its Data Centers Previous Article Optimizing Today’s Data Centers: Metrics that Matter Next Article Opinion: De-Electrification of the American Economy Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1384 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories CDNs How The New York Times Handled Unprecedented Election-Night Traffic Spike by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on April 18, 2017 Election of 2012 brought the site to its knees; its current CTO wasn't going to let it happen again last November. Read More Shared AWS Summit New York: What You May Have Missed by Nicole Henderson on August 12, 2016 Amazon announced several new cloud offerings at its AWS Summit in New York on Thursday Read More Amazon Amazon Wants to Replace the Enterprise Data Center by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on April 9, 2015 Head of AWS enterprise strategy says hybrid is only a step in transition to an all-cloud future Read More Downtime Outages for New York Times, Microsoft Cloud Services by Rich Miller on August 14, 2013 If you were trying to use Outlook.com to email a link to a NYTimes.com story about events in Egypt, it's not been a good day. Both Microsoft and the New York Times have been trouble shooting service problems. Read More Green Data Centers The New York Times Blasts “Cloud Factories” on Energy Use by Rich Miller on September 23, 2012 The New York Times today kicks off a series of articles on the data center industry,offering a tough indictment of the data center industry and its energy use and environmental impact. But is this a current picture of the state of "cloud factories?" Here's our two cents Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website 2 Comments Wes Brookes April 19, 2017 at 2:47 pm The first paragraph in the article states that they're getting rid of their own data centres and replacing them with cloud services. It then goes on to describe how they're in fact keeping their own data centre and getting rid of their third party data centres. They're instead taking on other third party data centres, those which house the public cloud services, which possibly sit in third party of the third party data centres. Anyone still with me?...... Yevgeniy Sverdlik Post authorApril 19, 2017 at 3:37 pm I'm still with you Wes. From my experience, IT and DevOps folks distinguish between own and cloud, not necessarily owned and leased. They don't care about the real estate aspect. Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / ForRent.com® First in Multifamily to Release Accelerated Mobile Pages ForRent.com® First in Multifamily to Release Accelerated Mobile Pages Posted on April 19, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Leading apartment listing resource capitalizes on modern trend from Google. Norfolk, Virginia (PRWEB) April 19, 2017 ForRent.com®, a key player at the forefront of the multifamily industry for more than three decades, is the first in the multifamily sector to release Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) in order to help customers build their brands and drive quality leads. As the name suggests, an AMP page is a page that has been specifically designed to load extremely quickly on a mobile device from a search engine results page. These pages are part of an open source initiative spearheaded by Google to improve the mobile experience. Mobile searches are often the entry way into an online search. In fact, according to official Google statements, more than 50 percent of search queries globally now come from mobile devices. In January 2015, mobile searches surpassed desktop searches on Google for the first time, and that gap has only continued to widen as more and more people use their mobile devices to search online. Google recognized this, and announced last October that, in 2017, they'd be moving to a search index that puts "mobile first". This means that mobile signals will be a primary ranking mechanism once Google makes this switch. The mobile and development teams at ForRent.com have prepared for this in a few ways. The move to a responsive design, which is preferred by both Google and Bing over running a separate mobile site, was at the top of the priority list – and with that, comes increases in traffic to our customers’ listings. With the consumer’s ever-shrinking attention span and demand for instant results, and AMP pages are a fantastic benefit to ForRent.com and to its customers. In addition to the lightning fast loading nature of AMP pages, which is a very important factor to today’s consumer, these pages also have the propensity to rank higher within the search results. This is because Google rewards websites that place a priority on fast, mobile-friendly, responsive web pages – exactly what ForRent.com has already achieved in early 2017. Launching AMP pages and hiring new Vice President of Search, Simon Heseltine, are forward movements that are directly in line with organizational goals to continue the aggressive pursuit and development of innovative technology solutions and SEO strategies to benefit clients. Terry Slattery, President of ForRent.com, says, “At ForRent.com, we’re about more than just getting leads to our customers – we have them covered in every aspect of the rental journey. The implementation of AMP pages and bringing in Search Engine Optimization and Marketing experts such as Simon Heseltine help us do more for our customers – like getting them in front of the correct audience to build their brands and retain their residents.” For more information about AMP pages, here is an official blog from Google. About ForRent.com® Founded in 1982 as For Rent Magazine®, ForRent.com® is headquartered in Norfolk, Virginia, and provides property managers and owners with diverse marketing and advertising products, services and education. These products are easy to use, easy to understand, and designed with modern renters in mind. For apartment shoppers, ForRent.com provides robust community listings in a multitude of media, including social, online, mobile, video and an extensive distribution network. ForRent.com operates four websites: ForRent.com®, AFTER55.com®, CorporateHousing.com™ and ForRentUniversity.com®. ForRent.com is continually at the forefront of the industry with cutting-edge, innovative solutions for customers and consumers alike. The passionate salesforce takes pride in helping customers drive leads, retain residents, and build their brands. The multifaceted approach continually reaches all consumer segments with a fully-integrated marketing campaign utilizing mobile, social, and desktop platforms with extensive search exposure. ForRent.com serves as the complete resource for renters in every part of their living experience. Visit ForRent.com for more information and our Apartment Professionals Blog for industry knowledge, tips and ideas. About Dominion Enterprises Dominion Enterprises is a leading online marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple targeted business verticals. Our widely recognized B2C web and mobile portals, including ForRent.com, Homes.com, and CycleTrader.com, generate nearly 30 million unique visits monthly. Our B2B cloud SaaS solutions directly support clients in establishing their online and mobile brands, generating leads, and managing customer relationships. Dominion Enterprises has more than 40 businesses and 3,000 employees in our Norfolk, Va. home office, and across the U.S. We offer a dynamic environment, excellent growth opportunities, competitive earnings and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). Dominion Enterprises is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. Dominion is a drug-testing employer. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14259227.htm Latest News ForRent.com® First in Multifamily to Release Accelerated Mobile Pages RESOLVE Applauds New York Governor Cuomo on Actions to Secure Insurance Coverage For Fertility Treatments Regardless of Sexual Orientation or Marital Status Global Medical Pendant Systems Market Analysis Highlights Impressive Growth for the Forecast Period 2016-2024 Online Payment Market Analysis 2016 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts to 2022 Bundled Communications Services Market Analysis in U.K. Highlights Growth and Its Market Size During 2011-21 Global Organic Light-Emitting Diode (LED) Lighting Sales Market 2017 – Features Key Vendors ( Osram, LG Display, Oledworks, Toshiba, First O-Lite, Lumiotec, NEC Lighting) Long Walker Boot Global Market Segmentation and Major Players Analysis and Forecast to 2021 Electronic Security Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2024 Global off-Grid Solar Lighting Sales Market 2017 – Features ( OSRAM, Koninklijke Philips, Niwasolar, Tata Power Solar Systems, SunnyMoney ) The Most Usable Professional Service Automation Software According to G2 Crowd Spring 2017 Rankings, Based on User Reviews © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Difference between revisions of "Security/Safe Browsing" From MozillaWiki < Security Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 16:54, 13 April 2017 (view source) Fmarier (Talk | contribs) (→‎Engineering: Mark the tracking bug as deprecated. After all, we have a Bugzilla component for this.) ← Older edit Latest revision as of 14:58, 19 April 2017 (view source) Fmarier (Talk | contribs) (→‎Prefs: document urlclassifier.skipHostnames)   Line 32: Line 32:   * <tt>urlclassifier.max-complete-age</tt>: the maximum amount of time in seconds that a complete hash will be considered fresh and allowed to match   * <tt>urlclassifier.max-complete-age</tt>: the maximum amount of time in seconds that a complete hash will be considered fresh and allowed to match   * <tt>urlclassifier.phishTable</tt>: list of tables to use when looking for phishing (they need to be named <tt>*-phish-*</tt>)   * <tt>urlclassifier.phishTable</tt>: list of tables to use when looking for phishing (they need to be named <tt>*-phish-*</tt>)   + * <tt>urlclassifier.skipHostnames</tt>: comma-separated list of hostnames to exempt from Safe Browsing checks (hidden, only for temporary hotfix purposes)       = Documentation =   = Documentation = Latest revision as of 14:58, 19 April 2017 Note: The Safe Browsing feature in Firefox has been renamed to Phishing Protection, but it's still known as Safe Browsing internally. Download Protection and Tracking protection have their own separate pages. Contents 1 History 2 Prefs 3 Documentation 4 Engineering 4.1 Code walkthrough 5 QA 6 Telemetry 7 Links History Google Safe Browsing was an anti-phishing extension released by Google on labs.google.com in December 2005. Google has released this extension to the Mozilla Foundation under MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1 in order that it might be used as part of Firefox if desired. We've landed this change on the trunk as a global extension as of 7 March 2006. You can read the discussion that lead up to to its integration in https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=329292 Google started migrating their Safe Browsing to version 4 of the protocol in 2015. We are currently working on integrating V4 in our code base with a incremental approach. That is, we will be landing V4 patches progressively and leave the V2 stack up and running until the V4 is extensively tested and the Shavar server has been upgraded to V4. In other words, V2 and V4 will co-exist for a while to ensure we don't break Safe Browsing. See the V4 implementation plan for the milestones and bugs involved. Prefs browser.safebrowsing.blockedURIs.enabled: enable the plugin stability blocking (no override or UI) browser.safebrowsing.debug: show debugging info from the JavaScript list update code on the command line browser.safebrowsing.id: what SAFEBROWSING_ID in gethashURL and updateURL maps to browser.safebrowsing.malware.enabled: enable malware protection (includes unwanted as well) browser.safebrowsing.phishing.enabled: enable phishing protection browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.gethashURL: server endpoint for completions of malware and phishing lists browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.lists: list of tables coming from the Google Safe Browsing service browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.reportURL: probably unused browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.updateURL: server endpoint for malware and phishing list updates browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.lastupdatetime: timestamp (in ms) of when the last list update happened. browser.safebrowsing.provider.google.nextupdatetime: timestamp (in ms) of when the list should next be downloaded. browser.safebrowsing.reportMalwareMistakeURL: destination for the "This isn't an attack site" button (after ignoring the interstitial warning) browser.safebrowsing.reportPhishMistakeURL: destination for the "This isn't a web forgery" button (after ignoring the interstitial warning) browser.safebrowsing.reportPhishURL: destination for the "Help | Report Web Forgery" menu item urlclassifier.blockedTable: list of tables to use for the plugin stability blocking urlclassifier.disallow_completions: list of tables for which we never call gethash urlclassifier.gethashnoise: the number of fake entries to add to any gethash calls urlclassifier.gethash.timeout_ms: the timeout after which gethash requests should be aborted urlclassifier.malwareTable: list of tables to use when looking for malware (they need to be named *-malware-* or *-unwanted-*) urlclassifier.max-complete-age: the maximum amount of time in seconds that a complete hash will be considered fresh and allowed to match urlclassifier.phishTable: list of tables to use when looking for phishing (they need to be named *-phish-*) urlclassifier.skipHostnames: comma-separated list of hostnames to exempt from Safe Browsing checks (hidden, only for temporary hotfix purposes) Documentation Safe Browsing Protocol: v2.2 and v4 Android API (requires Google Play Services 9.4) ThreatHit API (internal access only) Design Documentation Server Spec Client Spec SUMO Overview of how Safe Browsing works in Firefox Chromium Design documentation Implementation overview Google's advice to site owners: Malware Deceptive content Potentially unwanted or uncommon software Engineering Product/Component: Toolkit/Safe Browsing Tracking bug (deprecated, do not use) The Firefox implementation is split into a few parts: browser/components/safebrowsing/ (front-end tests) netwerk/base/nsChannelClassifier toolkit/components/url-classifier/ (includes the list manager) Local store is in: ~/.cache/mozilla/firefox/XXXX/safebrowsing/ on Linux ~/Library/Caches/Firefox/Profiles/XXXX/safebrowsing/ on Mac C:\Users\XXXX\AppData\Local\mozilla\firefox\profiles\XXXX\safebrowsing\ on Windows itisatrap.org test pages Telemetry dashboard Code walkthrough Both nsBaseChannel::Open() and nsBaseChannel::AsyncOpen() ask for the channel to be "classified" by nsChannelClassifier. There is also a local-only classification that is requested by tracking protection. The classifier determines the type of URL that it is and then returns the appropriate NS_ERROR code. That causes the channel to be cancelled with that error code. When the classification state of the page changes, the appropriate UI is shown. QA Test pages Malware, phishing, and unwanted software hard-coded test URLs Phishtank (real phishing sites) Google test pages (we don't implement: Clank Warnings, Client-side phishing detection, Bad IP Warnings) Meta QA bug Info on why certain URLs are blocked Script to dump the contents of the local store UI tests (Marionette) To turn on debugging output, export the following environment variables: MOZ_LOG_FILE=/tmp/safebrowsing.log
MOZ_LOG="UrlClassifierDbService:5,nsChannelClassifier:5,UrlClassifierProtocolParser:5,UrlClassifierStreamUpdater:5,UrlClassifierPrefixSet:5"
 and also see the browser.safebrowsing.debug pref to see debugging output from the JS pieces of Safe Browsing. Telemetry Alerts are sent to safebrowsing-telemetry@mozilla.org. Performance URLCLASSIFIER_CL_CHECK_TIME: how long a Safe Browsing lookup took URLCLASSIFIER_CL_KEYED_UPDATE_TIME: how long table updates takes URLCLASSIFIER_LOOKUP_TIME: time spent in the dbservice while doing a lookup URLCLASSIFIER_PS_CONSTRUCT_TIME: time spent constructing a PrefixSet URLCLASSIFIER_PS_FALLOCATE_TIME: time spent allocating a PrefixSet URLCLASSIFIER_PS_FILELOAD_TIME: time spent loading PrefixSet from disk URLCLASSIFIER_SHUTDOWN_TIME: time spent in the URL Classifier shutdown code URLCLASSIFIER_VLPS_FALLOCATE_TIME: time spent allocating a variable-length PrefixSet URLCLASSIFIER_VLPS_FILELOAD_TIME: time spent loading a variable-length PrefixSet from disk Server-related URLCLASSIFIER_COMPLETION_ERROR: whether a V4 completion result couldn't be parsed or contained an unknown threat type URLCLASSIFIER_COMPLETE_TIMEOUT2: whether or not a client timed out while contacting the gethash server URLCLASSIFIER_COMPLETE_REMOTE_STATUS2: HTTP status code returned by the gethash server URLCLASSIFIER_UPDATE_ERROR: whether or not an error was encountered while processing an update URLCLASSIFIER_UPDATE_REMOTE_STATUS2: HTTP status code returned by the update server Database size URLCLASSIFIER_LC_COMPLETIONS: number of entries in the completion cache URLCLASSIFIER_LC_PREFIXES: number of entries in the prefix cache User interface SECURITY_UI: number of interstitial pages shown (malware, phishing, unwanted) either in a top-level page or in a frame and the number of times users click on "Ignore this warning", "Get me out of here" or "Why is this blocked?" V4 quality assurance URLCLASSIFIER_PREFIX_MATCH: whether URLs match prefixes in V2, V4 or both URLCLASSIFIER_VLPS_LOAD_CORRUPT: whether or not a variable-length PrefixSet loaded from disk is corrupt Links Google reporting forms: Malware Phishing -- Firefox-specific Phishing error (false positive) -- Firefox-specific StopBadware.org form: Malware error API key and account details (internal access only) Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Security/Safe_Browsing&oldid=1168800" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties This page was last modified on 19 April 2017, at 14:58. This page has been accessed 54,491 times. Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 27 Plus 1 on G+ 175 Share on Facebook 70 Share on Twitter Total Shares272 Development Google News Update 1: 2017/04/12 12:31am PDT Google has shared a nice GIF to show how this new sign-in process and page will look. Here it is: [gfycat data_id="BlushingDisastrousBurro"] Starting on April 10th Google plans on pushing out an update to the sign-in page for Google accounts. This change is meant to further unify the sign-in process across your various devices. Although the news was posted to the G Suite Developers blog, we do fully expect this change to affect all Google accounts on all browsers, mobile browsers, and iOS apps (Android apps should not be affected). Google's SSO will also see additional changes beyond the purely cosmetic, as a new permissions grant redirect will be added to the login process, and permissions requested by a site or service will be more explicitly stated. The privacy-conscious will be excited to hear that Google is making such an effort to ensure a greater awareness on the part of users when it comes to privacy and consent in the use of third party services. Unfortunately, the permission request pane will no longer list what Google considers to be "standard" permission requests, presumably including basic account information. At least Google is making some effort to increase privacy awareness during login, even going so far as to increase the burden of responsibility for that privacy on developers by requiring contact information to be listed at a link on the permissions page. These aren't the only changes to login Google will be making. The use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe after April 20th, so if you are a developer relying on a webview redirect for OAuth to grant permissions you should consider changing to the official methods very soon before it breaks. Even some large companies like Airbnb and Pocket still haven't updated to the new methods, so it's worth taking a look. The rollout for the new sign-in is expected to be quite extended, potentially requiring more than two weeks for full visibility, so don't be surprised if you don't notice any changes to your sign-in process for a while. Most people probably won't notice much of a change beyond the cosmetic, anyway (although, our readers certainly aren't most people). Update 1: 2017/04/12 12:31am PDT Google has shared a nice GIF to show how this new sign-in process and page will look. Here it is: End of Update Source: Google Support, G Suite Updates, G Suite Developers Blog, Medium Tags Google login Google SSO google+ sign in permissions privacy SSO subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Nope] The original Huawei Watch might get Android Pay ... Next Story Fact Check goes global for Search and Google News results Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Trooper311 Was wondering when this was going to be rolling out. Thanks. Matt I'm sure this was first hinted at during the last Google IO... or possibly earlier. Every time I had to login since hearing that announcement I lost my shit wondering what was taking so long. Josh Crumley Of all the companies out there taking our personal data and using it for profit, Google is by far the least secretive about it. I'm glad they're making the permissions more detailed. Pixelexel I don't trust any company with my data other than Google. Kanoosh i don't even really trust google , but they are the least worst imo so i i go with them. :) HSidhu Google won't give your data to anyone, your Data is their power. Kanoosh never assume just because someone tells you something , that it is true.. i still hold plenty of caution with google as should everyone else.. no tin foil hats here, just reality of things... but i do hold them in higher regard for my personal data then any others , just always good to be safe. catalysto It's not just because "someone said so". It's because if Google was ever caught actually selling/releasing user data, they'd be completely screwed. Their entire business model depends on them keeping your data private. Sophia <-Everyone wants to make some extra money by part time jobs. here we are giving you the opportunity to earn extra money from home. Most of the people need a secondary income(part time jobs) to meet their financial needs. Home free jobs does share Four Methods to earn money. If you are interested, then join.!➤➤➤➤­­­http://4u.fyi/2WS vmxr you shouldn't trust any company at all all companies care about one thing Profit catalysto That is entirely untrue. Many business are not in it for the money. NooSH the only companies that are "not in it for the money" are the ones that go bankrupt and you never hear from them again.. don't ever be so naive to think a companies best interest is the consumer... it NEVER is. Portzblitz I pretty sure he/she's kidding. NooSH that's why i didn't go off with a rant instead just stuck to a more "light" reply haha.. juuuust incase. catalysto Stop spreading FUD: http://www.npr.org/sections/money/2012/06/05/154374674/not-all-businesses-are-in-it-for-the-money Nick Coad It's possible for it to be a symbiotic relationship, and I think it is with many, many companies. They treat their customers well with the knowledge that that behaviour will net them more customers. The two notions are not in conflict. mchalakov Why are you still on the internet? Your cave is waiting for you! RUN! Avieshek Rajkhowa Facebook's the worst, Google's the better. Summerer The 'keep me logged in' button will be removed and instead you will always stay logged in until you explicitly logout in a browser. Seems kinda insecure or at least intransparent for the average user Devin Rodriguez Honestly it's never been very effective for me anyway. Every few days I found myself having to re-enter my password and sometimes even my 2FA regardless of whether I checked the box or not. Rabia Atta they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Devin Rodriguez What? Indefinite Implosion they should have added speedness like bing.com....its too fastyer than google Ryne Hager I agree, I think he was fairly clear on that point. Devin Rodriguez Oh, okay. abc But which is the fastyest? BC This is interesting and I do like the the fact that the permissions are highlighted more than they were before. This is a good thing indeed! Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ use of Webview for OAuth will also be given the axe Thank god. I absolutely hate apps that do that for Google / Facebook / Twitter permission request. If the first party app is installed, popup permission request screen on those apps. Don't load a webview asking me to login with email, password, 2FA. I wish FB and Twitter will also do what Google is doing now. Drunk Squirrel Like how titanium backup opens a webview of Google sign in in order to backup to Google drive, as opposed to other apps which show up a single pop-up,, correct Ryne Hager Right? They've got libraries for that, why make me enter my information again on a device I'm already logged in on? Imagine all the time that could have been saved. Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I didn't even mention "save this new browser?" screen and "logged in from a new machine" emails that those webview logins cause. I uninstall any app that uses that, no matter how good the app otherwise is. HSidhu hello @ryne Hager aka new guy :) Ryne Hager Yo! Josh Crumley Welcome to the club! HSidhu nice posts man ! Ryne Hager https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JjpHmt7J8g Anish Bhalerao Great, informative article. But is this Android Police or Google Police? Sure, Android is from Google, but an article about Unilever cannot (always) be an article about Dove. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 112 queries | 0.586s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Sci/Tech Facebook gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Shares1 Thu, 20 Apr 2017-03:27am , Reuters In charge of the unit is Regina Dugan, who led a similar group at Alphabet Inc's Google and was previously director of the U. S. Defense Department's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. Facebook Inc on Wednesday pulled aside the curtain on a secretive unit headed by a former chief of the Pentagon's research arm, disclosing that the social media company is studying ways for people to communicate by thought and touch. Facebook launched the research shop, called Building 8, last year to conduct long-term work that might lead to hardware products. In charge of the unit is Regina Dugan, who led a similar group at Alphabet Inc's Google and was previously director of the U.S. Defense Department's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. Dugan told software developers at Facebook's annual F8 conference that the company was modeling Building 8 after DARPA, a government office founded in the 1950s that gave the world the internet and the miniaturized GPS receivers used in consumer devices. Any hardware rollouts are years away, Dugan said in a speech. Potential products could, if successful, be a way for Facebook to diversify beyond its heavy reliance on advertising revenue. One example of Building 8's work so far, Dugan said, was an attempt to improve technology that allows people to type words using their minds. "It sounds impossible, but it's closer than you may realize," Dugan said. Using brain implants, people can already type eight words a minute, she said. Facebook's goal, working with researchers at several U.S. universities, is to make the system non-invasive, as well as fast enough so that people can type 100 words a minute just by thinking. Possible uses include helping disabled people and "the ability to text your friend without taking out your phone," she said. Another Building 8 project, she said, was trying to advance the ability to communicate through touch only, an idea with roots in Braille, a writing system for the blind and visually impaired. A video played at the conference showed two Facebook employees talking to each other through touch. As one employee, Frances, wore an electronic device on her arm, the other, Freddy, used a computer program to send pressure changes to her arm. "If you ask Frances what she feels," Dugan said, "she'll tell you that she has learned to feel the acoustic shape of a word on her arm." In December, Facebook signed a deal with 17 universities including Harvard and Princeton to allow swifter collaboration on projects with Dugan's team. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Large asteroid to pass close to Earth on Wednesday: NASA Sci/Tech Samsung launches Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ in India, prices start at Rs 57,900 Sci/Tech China's Baidu to launch self-driving tech in July; cars by 2020 Sci/Tech Video gamers rejoice, as 'E-Sports' to become competitive event at 2022 Asian Games Sci/Tech Re-invented Google Earth tells a new story of your home Sci/Tech WATCH: Cargo ship, a project of 15 nations, blasts off for space station with supplies, experiments Related The US Navy has a new warship that is completely self-guided People do the craziest things around Google’s self-driving cars--see for yourself Future warrior: Robot with a soul but armed with technology Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Darpa Frances Regina Dugan Facebook Inc U. S. Freddy Harvard Pentagon Princeton SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds May to make election pledge to end EU free movement of people into UK - Daily Mail Another death row inmate's life spared in Arkansas EU's top diplomat says China's New Silk Road must be open to Europeans IT raids four locations of retired Noida Authority OSD Sport FEATURE-Athletics-New U.S. relays coach has big task - finding gold Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says FACTBOX-Athletics-The ups and downs of U.S. men's 4x100m relays Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday, April 20 Athletics-Races key for successful relay teams, Lewis says Entertainment Michael B Jordan to star in 'Fahrenheit 451' film adaptation HC restrains police from action against Shah Rukh Khan in property damage case during 'Raees' promotions A decade long romance: Films that captured Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's on-screen chemistry Kashish 2017 to crowdfund South Asia's biggest LGBTQI film fest Rishi Kapoor on BMC radar for axing 'extra' branches of tree Money Franklin Templeton MF hikes stake in Somany Ceramics to 5.22% Zinc futures down 1 pc on muted demand, profit-booking GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports S.Korea to allow vulnerable households to defer debt repayments Worries over Trump policies cloud start of IMF, World Bank meetings Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News Most ReadPaid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest Advertisement News | 10 hours ago Google Brings ‘Your Timeline’ to iOS: A Searchable History of Your Life 174 SHARES 89 READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 89 READS Google is bringing ‘Your Timeline’ to Google Maps on iOS for the first time, a feature that was previously exclusive to Android. Your Timeline can be accessed from the main navigation menu on the left-hand side. The idea behind Your Timeline is to give users a searchable history of things they’ve done and places they’ve been — provided they’re carrying their phone with them. This could be useful if you find yourself needing to retrace your steps, or remembering the name of that great restaurant you popped into, and so on. New Features More Customization With the iOS app Google is touting some new features to Your Timeline, such as giving users free range to customize anything in their timeline if they spot any inaccuracies. In addition, dates, date ranges, or the full timeline history can be deleted at any time. Timeline Info on Place Cards Bringing up a Place card on your device after visiting it in your timeline will display information about your previous visits. Monthly Recaps At the end of the month, Google will send a recap of all the cities, states, and countries you’ve visited in the past 30 days. To start using Your Timeline simply upgrade your Google Maps app in the iOS App Store. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Twitter Brings Live Periscope Videos Direct to Its Timeline Twitter Introduces a Non-Reverse-Chronological Timeline Google Brings One-Tap Google Assistant Access to its Allo Chat App ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Google is bringing ‘Your Timeline’ to Google Maps on iOS for the first time, a feature that was previously exclusive ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories Mobile Ranking Factors 2017: Is Your SEO Mobile Friendly? Search Podcast Why Aren't You Using Remarketing Yet? Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Now! Metashred Extreme Fitness Workouts Sex & Women Health Nutrition Guy Gourmet MH Fitness Council Newsletters Shop Recipes Weight Loss Style Men’s Health Box Podcasts Women’s Health Active Living Guide Video Guy Wisdom MVP Network Discussions Give a Gift Retailer Program Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit E-Prints, Reprints Lose Your Spare Tire Personal Trainer Copyright Notice Terms of Use Advertise Rodale Inc. Brands Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy The Editorial Team Site Map Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Pinterest Men's Health, The Brand Men Live By Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Maximus Body Fitness Sex Style Subscribe Subscribe Style watch ​Alphabet's Verily Made the Best Smartwatch For Health Tracking That You Can't Buy This wearable is better than any of Google's Android products. By Danielle Fox April 18, 2017 Verily Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Verily, the health company formerly known as Google Life Sciences, owned by Google's parent company, Alphabet, has released a smartwatch with the most robust health tracking system ever—but it's not for sale. Sorry, guys. Called Study Watch, it’s designed to track physiological and environmental sensors—such as electrocardiogram (ECG), heart rate, electrodermal activity, and movement—over a long period of time. The watch will work as a wearable research tool for clinical studies and personalized healthcare. Advertisement Advertisement Metashred Newsletter Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us It looks just like a normal watch, and Verily designed it to ensure people wear the thing 24/7 to get the most accurate tracking. Its battery lasts up to a week, and it encrypts and processes data in the Cloud, cutting down the need to sync it. For now, Verily has partnered with the Personalized Parkinson’s Project, a multi-year study to identify patterns in the disease's progression and work toward more personalized treatments. Duke University and Stanford Medicine are also using Study Watch in long-term study that will follow approximately 10,000 participants for four years to better understand the transition to certain diseases, like cancer. You might still benefit from the watch’s finding, even if you can’t buy it. Luckily for you, we can also recommend some pretty great substitutes. Tags: fitness trackerhealthwatch Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great content at no charge to you To access please enter your email or disable your ad blocker Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Weekend poll: Inbox or Gmail? David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/16 1:01pm PDTApr 16, 2017 72 Plus 1 on G+ 136 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares256 Applications Polls Google Inbox and Gmail have been competing for our hearts (and email) for some time now, and it doesn't seem like Google is slowing down development of either [great] app. Clearly, Gmail is for some, and Inbox for others - so which one are you? I'm personally keeping one foot in both doors right now. I use Inbox for 100% of my personal email on both mobile and desktop, and I have zero inclination to go back. I also use Inbox for work email here at Android Police when I'm on the go. But on the desktop, AP email goes through a fairly fastidiously managed tabbed Gmail layout, something I'm not sure I could function without. Inbox on the desktop with my AP email address would be a nightmare to sort through and manage, given I receive anywhere from 100 to 300 emails in a single day. So, how about you? Inbox? Gmail? Both? Neither? Vote in the poll and talk it out in the comments below. Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Tags Gmail inbox poll sidebar-poll weekend poll subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: Moto C render] More photos of the Moto C and C Plus leaked, as well as the E4 Plus and ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Staples has the Lenovo ThinkPad Chromebook 11e for $140 ($210 off) Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Thanks to Ryne for the sweet hero image. Andrew Palmer GSuite account, so Gmail is my only option. David Ruddock Inbox works fine for Gsuite, it just has to be enabled by your admin. Andrew Palmer All typical Google services are set to 'On for everyone'. That said i just reinstalled the Inbox app, which I haven't tried to use since it lost its invite only status way back when, and indeed it works. Thanks. Wang Jun Lem Both. Inbox is extremely neat and is easy to handle especially on mobile, but filters are out, and the search function is horrible at determining what's relevant. I keep a tab open for each. Markus Birth I love the auto-detection of flights, restaurant bookings and other events of Inbox (Especially because I add those that are not detected automatically or where there's no mail via this tool I built so they also show up on Google Now.) and the auto-sorting into different folders. But I feel it's (web and app) getting slower and slower with every update. Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson Same here, I love the auto detection of flights, hotels and other event Geoff Johnson Gmail does this as well. Markus Birth The last time I checked, GMail didn't detect all the types Inbox did. Also GMail doesn't combine everything into "Trips", does it? StankyChikin Inbox allow you to mark read and archive yet? Raymond Hawkins It's always allowed you to archive. That's what "done" does. I don't think you can mark as read though. roberto.elena I'm pretty sure read/unread is considered a legacy feature by the Inbox team. Roderick Gadellaa Both. Because I need signatures for aliases i use for work (I basically never use my @gmail address) and Inbox still doesn't do that. On mobile I'm pretty much inbox-only though. roberto.elena That was my problem, too, but it's solved now. Well, it's not 100% automatic like in Gmail, but you can save each signature as a template and then insert them manually when you need them. I like this method better as I don't always need to include my signature in my work emails. What is weird is that templates will show as a draft emails in Gmail, but not in Inbox. https://support.google.com/inbox/answer/7107959?hl=en Dystopia USA gmail on my laptop/desktop. inbox on my android. aaron cooper I don't even remember what Gmail looks like.... Eric Karnes Inbox on mobile, Gmail on the desktop. darkvadur same demarcmj This. I don't use any of the fancy "features" of Inbox... I just like it because the interface is nicer. But for some reason on the desktop Inbox is slower than molasses. Like dial-up speed on a decades-old computer slow. So I use gmail on desktop. SpasilliumNexus On phone, Inbox for my main account, Gmail for others. Gmail for everything on desktop. Daniel Gherard I personally prefer Inbox. But, it's not like Gmail is bad. It's just a preference. For me, Inbox looks way better than Gmail and structures my emails in a neat way. sgtguthrie Unfortunately, I miss important emails with inbox, so I use Gmail. If it's not broke... M Gordon That's what happened to me Everytime I tried inbox so I only use Gmail. Has it been fixed yet? sgtguthrie It wasn't the last time I tried it, about 6 months ago. Dennis Bareis What needs fixing? It can be a bit confusing at times, you probably set up a bundle that shows up later. M Gordon No I didn't set anything, what I mean is I would only get notified about emails a couple hours after Gmail notified me. This happened with all my emails. darkvadur there is a problem with your phone OS, have you enabled a custom save battery feature or something? what ROM are you using Inbox is better than gmail to me MicroNix You summed it up yourself. It's a confusing app. It's also lags gmail in notifications. It just feels like one of those half baked Google apps. Kyle J Inbox is not supposed to send you notifications unless they are important. I got so many Gmail notifications I did not need. I use Inbox just for personal use though. I'm not sure how I would feel about using it for work since I have never used it that way. Dollar Flipper I have no idea what this means. New emails come in just like any other email app... catalysto Turn off the bundling. Notifications can be set for each bundle, so some emails are probably being added to bundles that have notifications turned off. Kevin Sword Adding on to this, add all bundles to the inbox. Check your spam folder 📂 frequently. Otherwise you might miss important mail ✉ that the AI thinks is unimportant. theProffer Same. I followed the repliers' suggestions as well, and I still have issues with Inbox's push notifications. It almost gives me the impression that it's polling and not pushing (I know it's not, but it's laggy as if that). If I could get these email notifications immediately, I'd probably switch, but I also love some of the more granular controls Gmail has (which maybe Inbox has duplicated over time, I haven't tried it in about 6'ish months). -Matoro Zeliph- Gmail...because I got used to the clunky nature from dealing with all the time from work. Alex Inbox snoozing/pinning is too good to not use most of the time. Occasionally I have to go to GMail for something. But 90% of the time it's Inbox. StarLightPL Gmail has hangout history and is sometimes more clear presenting new mails. Inbox has neater hangout integration but no history search (why?). I switch between both. Raymond Hawkins The only time I open Gmail instead of inbox anymore is to search chat history. Because for some dumb reason you can't do that from inbox. David Ruddock because RIP hangouts Tom Westrick Google would like to offer some Allo for that burn Brendabcox Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr81c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs81BuzzSoftware/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr81u:...... Brian Nice Word Play Pascal Welsch Creating filters is another reason why I have to open Gmail Raymond Hawkins I was forgetting that one. I do occasionally open Gmail for filters also. catalysto It makes sense that you can't do it from Inbox because the search function should be built directly into Hangouts. But for some dumb reason, Google, the king of search, never added that. /shruggie 😆😄 +1 for /shruggie The Tech Temple ¯_(ツ)_/¯ OhYeah! I think Google has also totally failed at search in the play store. I almost never get the app I want even in the first page of results when searching for the exact name. Martins Nkem Still using GMail until Google makes Inbox actually work catalysto Inbox works great. Martins Nkem It sucks at handling attachments catalysto I never run into that problem. Martins Nkem Where does it store the attachments you've viewed? Kevin Sword It doesn't? You have to manually download them. catalysto They remain in Inbox. Where else would they go? Martins Nkem What i meant was this.. In Gmail, attachments are usually saved in the downloads folder in local storage, where does Inbox save its own files catalysto They can be kept in Inbox, saved to Drive, or downloaded locally. Not sure what else you'd need. Martins Nkem Which folder is it downloaded to locally? catalysto Whichever one you want! You've never used the Save As dialog?! Martins Nkem On mobile? catalysto Ohhhhh, on mobile. Forgive me; I was thinking desktop. But yeah, on mobile, attachments go to the Downloads folder like other apps. Martins Nkem Not in my case, it redownloads the files every time catalysto Redownloads? As in downloads every time you tell it to download? That's normal. Timothy Vreeland No it doesn't. It has syncing issues with many devices. darkvadur fix your phone and it will work it's not google fault if your phone have problems. catalysto Never had that problem, and I use it on all my devices. Mbdo Inbox because of auto-categorized e-mails and no sponsored e-mails (like Gmail) Furthermore the web version of Gmail is really old (Google Agenda too) Timothy Vreeland What is a sponsored email? Been using Gmail since it was invitation only, and never saw one. Mbdo In Gmail, on the categories (like "social" for example) I have some "ad" emails just like Google AdWords on the Web... It's not the case for Inbox. Check this screenshot : https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ca9d6f5a0599814fa001c5add402543e0ab9e13c245dcd6e5177bb5026c9708b.png Christopher Bement I flip flop every few months. Gmail has some great feature that haven't made it to Inbox yet, like inserting Gifs with Gboard. But the snoozing is sooooooo useful. someone755 The GMail app is a mess on Android. It's big, it's clunky, and it's barely optimized. Inbox looks sleek and conveniently sorts things into categories that a mobile user would appreciate. On the desktop however, Inbox is unusable. You quickly realize that automatically sorting your emails won't get you anywhere, and that the design takes a step back in terms of functionality as compared to Gmail. Tyler Walles Gmail, classic, catergories disabled, because I will sort it myself, and dont judge me when I say my inbox has more then 5000 emails El Presidente I don't really want or need an email app that tries to be anything more than an email app so Gmail works fine for me. I've tried to use Inbox tonnes of times and never used it for more than a day. roberto.elena If you literally never used it more than a day, then you probably never used the snooze feature, which is one of Inbox more important advantages compared to Gmail. El Presidente I suppose it depends on what you want from email. All I want to do with emails is read and respond to them. If I have one that I don't want to respond when I read it, I'll just leave it in my inbox and respond when it suits. Snooze isn't something I'd ever need. Inbox, in my opinion, just over complicates things. roberto.elena I think it mostly depends on what volume of important emails you get. Sure, if you only have one email now and then that you want to reply later, you don't need Inbox, but if you need to have many of those in your Gmail inbox, it gets rapidly crowded. And there are many times, at least in my case that I know exactly when I want to deal with a message, instead of a generic "later". For example, on friday I snooze ALL my unarchived work emails until monday morning. I certainly don't need/want to see those emails during the weekend on my inbox. For the rest I decide on a case by case basis. Fruity101079 It's strange to understand. On friday, just leave your unread emails where there are. There will be there on Monday when you will come back to your office... roberto.elena I manage several email addresses within a single Gmail account, including my work email. Fruity101079 Why mix work and personal emails if you don't want to check them on the weekend? Didn't your employer give you a phone? roberto.elena I don't receive work emails on the weekends, so it's not that I don't want to check new work emails on the weekends, it's that I don't need to see the pending emails in my inbox while I definitely don't need them until monday. And yes, I prefer to mix personal and work emails in the same app (I use filters and labels I already created in Gmail, not just the automatic categories of Inbox, and they work with Inbox just fine too). The work email weekend situation is just one example of why I love snoozing, but there are many interesting uses. You buy something on ebay from Hong Kong and it's expected to arrive in 10-15 days. Well no need to have that in you inbox 10 days, you just snooze it. Somebody tells you they are going to contact you back in 3 days time, Well, 3 days later, that email reappears in your inbox to remind you that, in case they didn't. Etc. If you don't have a too many of those emails cluttering your inbox, then it's understandable you don't see the need for snoozing, but for many of us Inbox is the best that has happened to email since Gmail was launched. The same way that Gmail turned emails into conversations (and of course also offered 1GB instead Hotmail's 15-25 MB), changing email for many of us forever, Inbox has turned emails into tasks, with its done/pinned/snoozed paradigm. Fruity101079 Sure sure, it's a nice thing to have to choice. I understand the kind of use you can make with inbox now you explained it. It's just I'm not concerned. akshay7394 You sure asked a lot of questions considering you aren't concerned 😂 Geoff Johnson That seems overly complicated. Why not have a work email and a personal email? Why have them both go to the same inbox? That way you can just ignore anything coming to your personal email without it cluttering your personal inbox. roberto.elena Because I still want to check my personal email while I'm at work, my private life doesn't stop simply because I'm at work, and I don't get many work related emails outside of working hours, so they don't bother me in my free time, and even when I do get some, it's so easy and fast to snooze them, so it is much better for me to have everything in one place. In my case it's​ more complicated having two inboxes instead of one. catalysto I feel the opposite. Inbox simplifies things for me because it keeps only the emails I need to pay attention to at any given time and hides the rest. It's done wonders for my workflow. Thisismyusername1982 Thats what the archive button is for. catalysto Archive is not snooze. Archived messages do not reappear at a predetermined time or location. The snooze feature is the magic that makes it so useful for me. Archive does not do this. Fruity101079 If you don't need to pay attention to some emails (spam?), why not just delete them? catalysto Because I often want to come back to them later. For example, an email to pay a bill, but I don't want to do it at work. If I want to snooze that action until I get home, I can do that. And that's the core difference with Inbox: emails aren't just messages; they are to-dos. For someone who likes to use the zero-inbox, GTD flow, it's amazing. But of course, that's personal preference, and I get that lots of people don't use email that way. Geoff Johnson That's exactly what I don't like about it. Then those emails get lost and forgotten about. If it's spam, just delete/block it. Kevin Sword That's what you use the snooze feature for. It'll send you another notification when you actually need to get something done. catalysto But I'm not talking about spam. I'm talking about messages I want to deal with at a later time. I never see spam in my inbox. And the snoozed messages don't get "lost and forgotten". Snoozed emails reappear at a predetermined time or place. Kevin Sword Yeah, I always have a completely clear inbox which is pretty incredible. I can snooze stuff that doesn't need to be dealt with. catalysto Yeah, I love seeing that sun shining background when I'm done with my tasks. =) tekfr33kn Choices... Michael Hazell If I have one that I don't want to respond when I read it, I'll just leave it in my inbox and respond when it suits. I pretty much do that, or just flag the email for follow-up. I guess I'm too much of an Outlook user. m-p{3} I switched to Inbox as soon as I could at work (I'm not the Google Apps Admin). The snooze feature is wonderful, and I can use my emails as a ToDo list as I go. Dollar Flipper The only people I've seen with this issue didn't clean up their inbox at the start. You need to snooze/mark everything in your email as done and then work from there. El Presidente Both my inboxes are pretty "clean" (at the moment, there's one unread mail in each) and I get circa 15-20 emails a day in each. Snoozing an email is as good as leaving it in your inbox, so you can see it every time you access your account works for me. Snoozed mails would just mean I'd keep snoozing them and never respond. I've a pretty good labelling/filter system, inbox just complicates that. I get inbox works for some people, just not for me. HSidhu with Gmail you don't get reminder and 'save it later' (saved) tab, I wish they put that in the gmail. catalysto Snoozed messages notify you when they reappear. It works more as a GTD to-do list than just a simple list of emails. For a lot of people, that works better. m-p{3} Yeah, at some point I figured that I couldn't possibly sort through it all, so I had to make the call to mark everything "done" and keep my mailbox clean from that moment. So far, my goal is to reach that beautiful sun at the end of the day. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/414cadbe40ffe9b274cc1af9f92d36e8753dc782ac466fc16e1de0959c6fb364.png Marvin R. I totally agree. Inbox is only good for the 0 inbox approach people (where every mail is a kind of little task for them) which is for me a goal I don't want to achieve because I want to see as much mails as possible to browse through them. The big fonts/spacing in inbox + making unrelevant mails bigger (like mails of purchases) is not working for me. Tried so often. Never worked out. My chaos system + some filters and *colorful* labels works better than AI assisted ones (for me). roberto.elena You can use the same labels and filters in Inbox, they work exactly like the automatic Inbox bundles. Marvin R. yes I know. But actually I'm loosing how many are unread in the labels and (which is worse for me) I loose the colors of labels :( roberto.elena Well, if the label colors are important to you, then I agree it sucks. I used to have a lot of filters/labels in Gmail, but now using Inbox I found I don't need most of them, so the automatic Inbox categories plus a couple a my own labels work for me. At first I also felt some "read/unread anxiety", when I started using Inbox, but then I realized it wasn't an issue anymore. With Inbox my inbox is as clean as possible, so I can clearly see what's unread and what's read there. If something is not in my inbox, then it means I already decided whether it's "done" or "snoozed", so I don't really care about read/unread. Maybe you have filters that send emails to a label skipping the inbox and that's why you need the unread count, but I think the bundling in Inbox is a good alternative for that. Of course all of this is MY opinion, related to MY needs. Your mileage may vary. It's not the first poll of this kind that i see, and Inbox adoption is clearly improving over time. I don't remember any spectacular changes in Inbox lately, so I think one of the reasons is that people are slowly understanding how to better use Inbox, and that's why I replied to several comments here, to explain things they might not realize. Of course, there will be always people that don't use Inbox despite fully understanding its features. You might be one of them... or not. kajover inbox.. i just switch back to gmail for the settings DKS No poll selection to accurately record my response -- Gmail for personal, Boxer for work. Boxer was part of Cynanogen OS when I had my OPO and I just stuck with it when I set up my Pixel. It works fine for my work needs. Maybe I just don't realize what I'm missing with Inbox, though. Metallinatus Good thing that you work with your boxers on. mcdonsco Gmail, that I don't use much. My main email is exchange and while it technically works in Gmail, it's not robust enough for my needs so I use Nine. Metallinatus Gmail on desktop have been dead for years, this is not 2010 anymore, I use Inbox because of the much more modern interface. But I still need to use Gmail to search for something in those old Hangouts conversations that are kept there, don't know why Inbox couldn't just be able to do that too.... obarthelemy I have several non-gmail email addresses, and I'm trying to keep things standard, so I'm sticking with AOSP mail, which is pure IMAP with no lock-in special features. M6 You can use gmail for non-gmail addresses, and you can use AOSP mail or other IMAP clients with gmail addresses (you can export all your gmail emails as well). There is no lock-in whatsoever... obarthelemy Yes there is. Tags, rules, filters, snooze.... are nonstandard, so if you start to depend on them on them you can no longer move away. Lock-in is not just about the raw data, it's also about the process you build around features. aRvInD I am impressed with mymail's almost instant push notification. So I'm using. If Inbox supports IMAP like Gmail, it'd be awesome..! Miku is Best Vocaloid Inbox is sexier and more useful to me. My1 it's not like you can go childmaking with an app anyway, so why use that as reasoning? lzdking Sexy is a common adjective to describe the aesthetics of inanimate objects (cars, boats, buildings etc...), not sure why you are taking exception to its use. My1 I thought maybe it was obvious, or just forgot the (/s), well Poe's Law strikes again ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Technically you have to have both with Inbox. Love the look of Inbox but don't like how the attachment size is limited on Inbox Michael Sørensen How and why do you get 100 to 300 emails in a single day!? Seriously. I use Outlook with one personal account and 2 work accounts. Every type of auto-categorizing and sorting turned off. Dennis Bareis "Filters" and search in Inbox are hopeless, but it has Snooze and it "decodes" travel and other emails. IUf GMAIL did that I'd go back in a sec. Tom Westrick Gmail, since it does what I need it to. Haven't felt a reason to switch away Wayren Inbox 100% of the time. I had no idea how perfect this product was for me until I started using it for my personal email. Cristian-Teodor TATOIU Samsung Email all the way! iluvthesoftsoft inbox for personal use, gmail for work Fotis Nakos Whenever Inbox offers Labels and Sublabels, I'll consider. Until then, Gmail and yes, I cannot work differently. mickey4mice Inbox for me, but it's impossible to delete a single email from a threaded conversation without making a total mess. If I forward an email to myself, I still go to Gmail to delete the forwarded version without fearing I might delete the original. Andy McDearmon I use Inbox on any Android device, and Gmail on my PC. Nate Inbox all the way but they need to add print functionality to it.. Dollar Flipper Inbox has revolutionized my personal e-mail usage. Turning e-mails into reminders has made such a big difference. If I could get desktop Outlook to work like Inbox, my work email would be even better. Outlook app for the phone added this but it isn't all seamless yet. NooSH Inbox all day. Andrew Last time I tried Inbox, I couldn't add an Exchange account so it's useless to me. I'm not going to go back and forth using multiple email clients. Gmail does it all and it does it well. Harold JP Castro Gmail because when you have filters set up it behaves pretty much like Inbox (except for snoozing) Margaritas Ante Porcos Inbox is like Google+. Few people say they love it but you never meet nobody who uses them in reality. Also, I think some people like to test new things, awaiting for them to become a trend, so they could be that crowd that's always on top. I mean, Inbox is not a phenomenon Gmail once was. It is just a gimmick for few geeks. Bob Allen I guess I don't get enough e-mail to use anything but Gmail.. Work e-mail is a completely different system. That said, Inbox did seem like a good way to organize multiple accounts when I tried it. Erik Inbox most of the time, Gmail for searching and dealing with labels. Branko Paid email hosting + own domain. That's how you actually own your emails. Mike K? Not sure what you're getting at, I doubt most people here care. Kevin Sword Not until you're running your own server you're not! /s but seriously. Henrique Persechini I've realized once I've started using Inbox that all my carefully organized labels never actually helped me in any way except keeping my organization anxiety occupied. Once I was set free, I went with a zero label email and have been loving it ever since Hector Diaz Inbox just missing the option to print to be perfect Colin Rowlands The ideal for me would be Gmail with snooze, that was the main thing I liked about Inbox, but it wasn't enough to keep me using it. Trooper311 Gmail ftw. M. Luciano Inbox all day long. CasperTFG I miss Mailbox. Gone from Blue Mail, Aqua Mail to Newton. Now on MailDroid and MailCal. Anything other than Inbox and Gmail. Rob H. Neither. I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.easilydo.mail Gmail app has been terrible. surethom Gmail. All the way just wish you could turn off conversion view it just does not work. Jon Fridman While I enjoy many features of Gmail, Inbox has reminders, and pinned emails. Nothing beats the Inbox experiences for what I need. There are some shortcomings for both on desktop and mobile. Andy I prefer the simplicity of Gmail, I just wish Gmail had the nicer animations and material design of Inbox, and pulled in sender images like Inbox does (like an Amazon email having the Amazon logo instead of a big circle with an A in it). Joseph Hurtsellers I've used Inbox since it came out. I recently switched back to gmail. The reason is I kept having tons of laggy time out issues on my chromebook. (I tried multiple solutions including a power wash). But what I've also noticed attaching files; copying items and pasting ect. is MUCH easier for me on Gmail. Just IMHO. waloody88 Gmail looks professional and is functional for me. Didn't like inbox. It felt like an app designed for childern Jared Gauthier The only time I use Gmail is to search in Trash. You can't do that in Inbox. Once and awhile I'll delete an email thinking I won't need it anymore and then end up needing it. Mike Dawson "Once in a while". Sorry, I'm not usually the grammar police. Jared Gauthier Haha thanks. Edited. I'm usually conscious of that stuff. Mike Dawson I hate myself for posting that! Jared Gauthier I forgive you. axnjackson11 If you want to search in Trash in Inbox, this is what you need to type: in:trash whatever you're looking for. Once you put in:trash at the front, it'll properly show whatever you're looking for just in the Trash. Jared Gauthier I'll try that! Adonis K. Inbox all the way, handling 100s of emails per day without it is simply crazy. Tomáš Petrík I just can't look at my emails as tasks, they are, well, emails. I tried to use Inbox, but I noped out back to Gmail. Karl Mathias Moberg I use both. I use inbox for my personal email on my phone, but on the desktop I use the web gmail app. For my work email I use the Gmail app. Find it easier to sort this way, and since I don't have the same categories for my work email I prefer the basic app. getinet Gmail on desktop. Inbox on mobile. Nick Cannon Only a matter of time before Google Kills inbox HSidhu could be... lol Abraham When inbox came out I tried it and found there was no mark as read option. DOA for me at least. Who knows if they have it now, never bothered to try it again. Willie Chalmers III That's sort of one of Inbox's big selling features. There's certainly a mark as read button along with email snoozing. Leonardo Baez Gmail. Vever tried inbox. I see no sense TechGuy22 Gmail either way Google wins. Tobias A. G. Gmail is just awful. I wish I could uninstall it. BC I much prefer Inbox by Gmail...It's less clunky for me and makes dealing with my emails easier. Inbox tends to sort my emails smartly so I never have to futz with sorting emails, as Inbox does it fairly well. When I do make changes those changes are always respected by Inbox by Gmail. It's much more refreshing than plain Gmail, at least from my perspective. Aaron T Inbox on mobile but Gmail on desktop. Inbox website is way slower and clunky outside of the mobile app. makapav I also use GMail for more powerful search with the drop-down boxes for email. InBox needs to still catch-up with GMail in lots of functionality that I think is fringe but very valuable. dblock Tried to use Inbox once when it first came out, however it seemed to over complicate email. I also don't really use email for much at all outside of work, which I have access to Outlook for while at work. Otherwise all my emails are just promotions and payment receipts/shipping updates. I just stick with Gmail. C64 The stock mail app from Samsung on my S7 edge Vivek Rameses That's surprisingly a really good client. Max Johnson AOSP Email. Adrianus AJ Nadeak Inbox because it makes using email bearable. Scott Harris I use a desktop mail app for my work and personal email, so using Inbox is a waste of time for me Scott Harris On mobile I use gmail since I can access my work email within the gmail app. Paul Quinn Gmail. Mostly because my email habits are so hardwired at this point from using Exchange at work. I haven't gone back and tried Inbox in a while. It does have a learning curve and you have to commit to it for a period of time to give it a fair shake. Iamsecond I'm not particularly a fan of either interface, but Gmail wins for me because I just want to organise my own email how I want it, without an algorithm deciding for me! Justin Osborne If I need to find an email, I use Gmail. Inbox search is TERRIBLE. I use Inbox for everything else though. ekngee Inbox for personal, Gmail for work (because my workplace is still too stubborn to learn new things. some even cannot stop using Outlook even though our emails go thru Gmail servers) Timothy Vreeland Inbox is prettier, so I have tried to use it, but it seems pointless. Lacks features I use, but it's main feature of auto sorting always messes something up and overcomplicates email. 99% of the time, an email is important and I'll open it, or it's spam and I'll mark it as so. No point in having a big messy system to auto manage 1% of my mail. Adrien Baron You can configure everything if you want too, create your own bundles (which are actually just GMail tags under the hood), and choose wether you want them to appear bundled or not, and be notified or not. I almost had nothing to configure for my personal, but did it for my work address (we are using Inbox), and it works great. Deeco Wow, I'm surprised by the poll. Honestly, I find Inbox confusing as hell! whispy_snippet It's like a lot of things in that you just need to get used to it. Once you do it's awesome. Marty If it weren't for the fact you can't have multiple accounts in Inbox, I'd give it a go. But I doubt it would be as good as Outlook since Gmail can't do a defaulted combined inbox. lzdking I'm surprised that I haven't seen more people mention using Outlook. While I don't use it myself (Inbox for me), Outlook is a very impressive Android e-mail client and the desktop interface isn't too shabby either. Marty It amazes me that Microsoft isn't capitalizing on Google's laziness. Not only is Microsoft's email better than anything Google has, but Google Search isn't anything like it used to be 5 to 8 years ago. Microsoft could step in and displace Google Search with their own search engine. Geoff Johnson That's what I don't get, there shouldn't be a need to "get used to it". Email is simple, it comes in you read/reply to it when you have time. If you don't want to now, simply ignore it and come back to it when you do. m-p{3} The thing is that keeping too many email "in sight" makes me unconsciously reread the titles everytime I go check my mailbox. If I can't reply to it right now (because of lack of info, progress) I can snooze it and keep it out of sight and focus on what's important right now. lzdking I don't get the "getting used to it" either. For me, I used inbox and was instantly amazed by how much more useful and organized it was. There was nothing to get, all my e-mails were automatically bundled into the categories I needed. darkvadur seems like your brain can't handle new things, how old are u? darkvadur inbox on my phone mostly because the actions buttons on notifications are more useful than gmails ones Bewear AOSP mail. #MasterRace (?) Marty Neither. I use Outlook. Best there is. Ryan N Yup. I also like Alto. Gmail is awful. Never used Inbox because of no multi email support. Joshua Talley Inbox is nice on mobile, but is horribly slow on the desktop. Gmail is reliable on both. I can effectively ignore huge swaths of mail using inbox very quickly, but I can actually mark them as read/unread in Gmail. It's a toss-up. Vivek Rameses Neither. Both are crap. K9 mail is hands down the best email client. Gordon Spurgeon Spooner Does ProtonMail work with K9? Vivek Rameses Paid accounts. HSidhu Inbox for mobile and gmail for desktop. lomsha Doesn't inbox only work with Gmail accounts? CD RW it works with other account if you "Gmailfy" them before https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825 lomsha Aaah thank you. usnmustanger Your poll choices are inadequate. What about "Inbox & 3rd Party Client"? I use both Inbox and BlueMail, which has some major advantages over the Gmail app, such as snoozing messages, threaded viewing, etc.). With so many great 3rd party email apps out there, you ought to try to avoid sounding too fanboyish by taking such an "all-google-or-nothing" approach in your polls. Latheryin I don't bother with either. Inbox is just not versatile enough and Gmail is just too slow. Blue mail does. Everything needed and does it Pretty well. Ross I have to use Gmail, when I use Inbox my reminders don't always sync between inbox and the Google app, resulting in missed reminders. I rely on reminders too much. Otherwise I loved Inbox. Rook HD inbox is sleeker but it has a fatal flaw to me. it doesn't display the specific time of the received emails and for some reasons I can't stand that Scros97 You have to open the email you want to see the specific time and then click on the name of the other person. Doing so it displays more details like the date ;) Matt Blackberry Hub, which I guess kind of uses Gmail. Tristian Hill Always Inbox, except when my OCD kicks in and I've gotta "mark all conversations as read" and I'm too lazy to do it one by one on Inbox Scros97 I do the very same usage of Gmail 😂 Sudhir Khanger How does Inbox work with email that are notifications, mailing lists, bills, newsletters, etc.? These are not important and I would like to browse them at a later stage. I don't want to worry about them and I filter them in Gmail and look at them when needed every couple of days. CD RW they are automatically sorted in categories : notifications, travel, , social network ,financial,forums and deals And for each of these categories, you can choose how they appear on your Inbox : as soon as they arrive, once a day, once a week You can also create your own categories just like in gmail with labels HD If I could add my non-gmail address into Inbox, I would've happily voted for Inbox. Brendabcox Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !wr82c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs82AmericaSoftware/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr82u:..... P. Sherman Does Inbox support Yahoo or Live accounts? No? Even after a FULL YEAR since I last used it? Back to Gmail, then. CD RW Inbox support them if you "Gmailify" them : https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825 Eleo Outlook all the way! Gmail app is not as user-friendly as outlook and inbox knows too much about me. I dont like that Jan-Lk Else Phone: Inbox, PC/Web: Gmail. Best combination! Captain_Invisible I'm shocked! I can't believe there are still people using the Gmail app, when the glorious Inbox exists. I could never go back. Marty Lol...most people probably have multiple email accounts. Can't have multiple account in Inbox. 😉 Kristian Ivanov Quite surprising that both options have a 43% score at the time I'm writting this comment O_o For me it's Gmail...I just don't need any of the Inbox features so no point in using it...I do see reasons why others like it though. AQ apps? neither, gmail through k9 mail. Martin B. I never saw poll this close here. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0edf28e3e42c8d0ad2c36a79e66f5cd9b16a678152108035c59111ee155ec76c.jpg Fruity101079 Inbox GUI is better, Gmail looks old, but I don't understand all those things in Inbox. There are tabs/categories (i don't need) everywhere. Some emails are not displayed in the main box. And there is no notifications or visual thing that tell me there is something new in this categories. There are no folders anymore. So all your emails from the creation of your account are all displayed in your main box (!?). A lot of persons are talking of Snooze option, but I don't get its utility (it's the same on my alarm clock, when it rings in the morning, i wake up. Done. Why using a ring to wake you up just enough to push the snooze button that will ring again 1 minute later? It's incomprehensible...). And one more thing: not talking about work (at work we are using the mailbox the society want you to use, if you got them on your personal phone it's a particular case), but seriously, what kind of life do you have to get so many emails each day that you don't have time to answer? How important could they be that you need to snooze them? If there are so important just reply! If there are so important, you won't forget! And it's not like emails are going to disappear as soon as you read them. They still will be there, in your mail box. There is no trap. ninjustin I snooze things all the time that come in during the work day I need to handle when I get home or on the weekends. It's also handy in keeping track of when I need to pay my bills. Fruity101079 Clearly, we don't use it the same way. I never have to pay bills through an email. And i get 1 or 2 emails maximum per day. And there are not important. I don't need to snooze anything, i remember what i got. Nicholas Nezis If only Inbox supported a proper signature block, then I would switch over to Inbox 100%. Steve Crane The only time I open Inbox is when I want to clear my Gmail inbox by deferring (snoozing) mails I want to read in the evening or on the weekend. If snoozing was built into Gmail I would have no need for Inbox at all. Kostas 💪🎩 If inbox had a "mark as read and archive" function instead of just archive, I would change in a heartbeat ShahinTr Never got used to Inbox, especially that chat-esque conversation. Gave it so many chances, but I prefer the conventional email application. Also, Gmail has taken a few features from Inbox that have integrated well with it. BanksKillian tie Michel Sa Inbox is my to-do list, and that's all what i need from an email app. CD RW inbox can't leave inbox due to snooze by location (genious idea) and by time Fresh360 Inbox is a great app I love it, I don't know how I functioned on mobile without it but goodness gracious is it disastrous on the desktop so wide, so bright, so cumbersome. So I strictly use Gmail on the desktop, it's weird but the two email program route works the best. Justin Martin Why don't they just put the hangout's functionality in Gmail so you can set it up either way. Again Google putting out multiple apps just like the whole messaging thing. sloheim I've grown to appreciate Inbox (other than the painful slowness of the web version, it is BRUTAL). I just wish it worked with non-gmail accounts. If I could hook up my Office365 account, it would be ideal. CD RW you can you just need to gmailify your account : https://support.google.com/mail/answer/6304825?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en then inbox will support this account Georg Eitler AOSP Mail. PC_Peasant’s number 1 fan Neither Chad Knasinski Gmail on the web because it is much faster than Inbox. Inbox for the app for the same reason. Rob Paek Wow, dead even at 43% for Gmail and Inbox! RomiresT Inbox desktop version is killing me. It hangs, lags and dissapoint me in last few month. So, I just switch back to Gmail. kjohnson04 Never could get into using Inbox. Count me in the Gmail camp. Suyash Bansal Inbox on PC and Gmail on phone. grebulon Hop email messanger (https://gethop.com/) is what inbox is unsuccessfully trying to do. SHunter I need Inbox to support Send Money / Request Money just like Gmail does.... kalehv I only use Gmail to reply/forward a specific message in the conversation (thread) Inbox doesn't do that. For Inbox, it's all or none. Garett You can do that now in Inbox :) kalehv haha, apparently yes, that works. Scott Breitbach Inbox, except when I need to search for something specific. rctx81 My main issue with Inbox is that, for the most part of the time, it doesnt seem to obey my previous Gmail filters and labels. I like its snooze/archive functions, but then I ended up using Spark on my MbPro/iPad, fell in love with it and now I cant wait for its Android version. Nowadays I barely touch Inbox on mobile and I try to process as much email as possible from my Mac and iPad. jamez243 Still can't print from within the inbox app... how has this not been fixed anymore? 1966CAH On the desktop- GMail. On my phone- Inbox. David I use both since I need to use gmail to access my college email account. But besides that, Inbox is life ipsofact Inbox all day ! saf1927 I didn't expect that many people preferring Inbox to Gmail. I remember I've only used it for a couple of months only because Gmail didn't have material design yet. Daniel Rodríguez Ycaza Gmail for laptop/desktop and Inbox for cellphone/tablet works for me! Hurricane Andrew I've been using Inbox since it was invite only. It's changed the way I use email, allowing me to keep a nice clean inbox, quickly triage messages, and avoid the feeling of being overwhelmed by the volume of messages that I get on a daily basis. Jim I've tried Inbox... it's just too much work for me. Gmail works just fine for my needs which is reading regular emails, most of which are sales/marketing and other "subscription" emails. I don't get a lot of personal emails so all that compartmentalizing just got to be way too much to handle. b_boogey_xl After multiple start and fails, I finally realized how to use Inbox and once I discovered that, I haven't looked back. When I use regular email, all I think to myself is how much better the experience would be if I could filter it through Inbox. Ygor Cortes The problem with Inbox is that it only supports Google emails, so Gmail is the way to go for me. Ygor Cortes Inbox's website is miles better than Gmail's though. No competition there. Pedro Diego Fernández I get an email, I read/answer/delete it... done... don't want any "smart" sorting or e-learning algorithm...I don't even use the tabs in gmail that sort email into ads, social media and work... I'll handle my stuff myself... to me the only thing gmails need is an option to schedule an answer, because sometimes I'll sit at night an write the answers and keep them as drafts ti send them in the morning in business hours TheManuz I would use Gmail BUT... Inbox has snooze and that's the only reason I use it. Bruce Wayne What's snooze? keithzg That feature that doesn't work half the time :( CD RW always works 100% of the time for me weird keithzg For me it goes in phases. Unfortunately that means I can never really rely on it. To be clear, snoozing to a time actually always works, but snoozing to a place is infuriatingly broken. TheManuz I don't know if it's the correct name, since I use Inbox in italian. Anyway here's an example: when you receive an email and you think "I don't need it right now, this thing has to be dealt with on friday" and then you click "snooze" and postpone that email on friday, 9:30 AM. The email is gone, and it will come back on friday at the time you chose. Bruce Wayne Ohhh. Nifty feature. CD RW even better you can snooze by location. received a work email when you're at home ? snooze it by location to office. As soon as you arrive at office the mail will come back Maxixou I love Inbox but i use Gmail because Inbox accept only @gmail.com adress ... AlRegals Inbox for work email, Gmail for personal. Bruce Wayne Gmail. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 129 queries | 0.855s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Mobile Tech Android just got incredibly good at helping you manage your apps New, 10 comments It’s so much easier to find the apps you rarely ever use by Chris Welch Apr 19, 2017, 4:38pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge If you’ve opened the Google Play Store on your Android smartphone recently, you might have noticed something different: the “My Apps” section, which is where you go to update apps or reinstall past downloads, has been redesigned with a tighter, more condensed layout that makes way better use of space. It also shows you far more useful information at a glance without requiring extra taps or switching between screens. Google is finally figuring out how to help average people deal with and wrangle their app situation. And you don’t need to wait for the next big Android system update, either; the new look is rolling out to the Play Store right now. To appreciate the improvements, you’ve got to understand where things stood before. The first image below is how this section of the Play Store looked prior to the big refresh. Something about this always felt off to me. Why is there so much unused white space? Why are the icons so big? Why would anyone care to know the star rating for an app they’ve already installed? This old way also made updating individual apps more work than it should’ve been; you had to tap into each separate app if you wanted to avoid the “update all” button. Left: the old “My apps” section in the Play Store. To the right is the new, redesigned look. No more. Just look at the beautiful progress we’ve made in the right screenshot. It’s such a big difference. The app icons (and thus the cards for each app) are a far more sensible size. You can now simply tap “update” next to a specific app if it gets a cool new feature you want to try — without bulk updating all the others at the same time. And the text below the app name is also way more helpful. You see the size of the update itself, which will definitely be appreciated by people trying to stay on top of cellular data usage. When no updates are available, there’s even a refresh button so that you can compulsively check for them over and over again. But that’s not the best part of Google’s new redesign. The best part is the also-revamped “Installed” tab, which now lets you sort the dozens or hundreds of apps you’re carrying around by four common-sense criteria: Alphabetical Last updated Last used Size Last used is a really, really smart way of listing apps. As you scroll down, you start seeing the apps you haven’t opened in a week or two or three or six. This is an excellent tool for taking Walt Mossberg’s advice and thinning out the apps you’ve downloaded to just include those you actually use semi-regularly. Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge Also, in this view the entire size of the app is listed — including any downloaded content. So in my case, Spotify shows up as a 7.0GB monster, which accounts for the app itself and all the offline music I’ve saved. If you find yourself running low on space, deleting large-but-rarely-opened apps just takes sorting the list by size, which still displays when each one was last used. Sure, there are other places in Android to find some of this information. But now, it’s all right in the same app that you use to get apps. Why wasn’t it always this easy and convenient, Google? Even Apple could take some lessons here. The App Store’s “Purchased” and “Update” tabs are better than what Google had before, and this redesign definitely borrows some from that. But iPhone owners are still sorely lacking some of this handy data. Telling people how often they use a given app makes a ton of sense for both platforms. Next Up In Tech HTC’s squeezable U phone is apparently coming May 16th Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ Google reportedly planning built-in ad-blocking feature for Chrome Instagram celebrities keep sneaking in sponsored posts, FTC says PSA: the Moto G5 Plus on Verizon can’t dial 911 without a settings tweak Now Trending You'll know Apple blew it when it makes a fingerprint dongle April 19th, 2017 Sony's new A9 camera is a full-frame mirrorless with ludicrous speed It’s Sony’s most advanced professional camera ever. The Galaxy S8 Plus is an ergonomic marvel A screen this big has never been this easy to use Samsung Galaxy S8 review: ahead of the curve The new S8 and S8 Plus aren't perfect, but they are damn close Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest HTC’s squeezable U phone is apparently coming May 16th by Sam Byford 1 comment / new Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references by Rich McCormick 10 comments / new Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ by Rich McCormick 11 comments / new Google reportedly planning built-in ad-blocking feature for Chrome by Nick Statt 26 comments / new Instagram celebrities keep sneaking in sponsored posts, FTC says by Colin Lecher PSA: the Moto G5 Plus on Verizon can’t dial 911 without a settings tweak by Dieter Bohn 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Asbarez.com 15 Must read articles April 20, 2017 Turkey Divestment Bill Passes Key Calif. State Assembly Committee ANCA Town Hall Reenergizes Armenian American Community in Arizona Armenian Dramatic Arts Alliance Announces Reading Events in Glendale Soudjian, Yanikian Nominated in Webby Awards Turkish Writer Exposes Persecution of Jews in Turkey Armenia Airline to Launch Flights to Israel in May French Presidential Hopefuls Sound Off on Armenian Issues Ahead of Sunday’s Vote Artsakh Rep. to US Speaks at Florida International University Russia Sees ‘No Problem’ in Trade with Armenia Through Abkhazia Los Angeles County Commemorates Armenian Genocide Baku to Blacklist Companies Doing Business in Artsakh Community Commemoration to be Held at Armenian Genocide Martyrs Monument Mher Sahakyan Speaks on ‘China’s Policy on Iranian Nuclear Issue’ at Cambridge University Partzratzeer yev Partzratzoor Azusa Pacific University ASA to Reveal Cross Stone Marking Armenian Genocide DW Focus Home Top Stories Community Arts & Culture Art Books Music Theatre Critics’ Forum Arthur Sarkissian’s LA Series to be Featured Online During Month of March - March 6, 2017 ‘She Loves’ Art Exhibition Brings Together 45 Women Artists on Feb. 10 - February 6, 2017 ‘She Loves’ Art Exhibition to be Held in Los Angeles - January 9, 2017 In Search of Arshile Gorky’s Grave - December 31, 2016 Artist Daniel Varujan Hejinian Advancing Human Rights Through Art - December 31, 2016View all Abril Bookstore to Present New Anthology of Contemporary Armenian Literature - March 29, 2017 Watenpaugh’s Book on Humanitarianism during Genocide to be Presented in Fresno - March 20, 2017 Ara Madzounian to Exhibit Photographs of Bourj Hammoud at Roslin Art Gallery - March 8, 2017 Book on Vatican Efforts to Stop Armenian Genocide Released - March 6, 2017 Little Free Libraries in Armenia Launches Campaign to Expand to Regions, Artsakh - March 6, 2017View all Maestro Greg Hosharian Conducts Evening of Timeless Melodies - March 31, 2017 Singer-Songwriter Natalie K to Release New Single ‘Man Up’ on April 21 - March 29, 2017 Mankerian Performs Finale of Four Benefit Concerts - March 28, 2017 Armenian-American Drummer Sib Hashian Passes Away - March 24, 2017 Armenia Premieres Eurovision 2017 Song ‘Fly With Me’ - March 20, 2017View all Partzratzeer yev Partzratzoor - 1 day ago Armenian Genocide Novel by Turkish Writer Adapted into Theater - March 1, 2017 THEATER: Silly ‘Tenor,’ Ponderous ‘Adam Noorian’ Start Theater Season at Opposite Extremes - February 10, 2017 Popular Comedy ‘Where Is Your Groom?’ Part II to Debut in New York - January 20, 2017 Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016View all Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016 Bourj Hammoud As A Palimpsest Of Culture In Ara Madzounian’s ‘Birds’ Nest’ - December 31, 2015 ‘Happy Armenians’ and a Post-Centennial Paradigm for Armenian Drama - December 31, 2015 Beyond Istanbul: When Superheroes Rule Our World Christian Batikian’s ‘Captain America’ - October 22, 2015 A Deconstruction Of Connected Histories In Aline Ohanesian’s ‘Orhan’s Inheritance’ - April 23, 2015View all Op-Ed Editorial Opinon Letters Editorial: ARF’s Continuing Commitment to Artsakh - January 13, 2017 Editorial: 2016 Turning Points Will Define Our Future - December 31, 2016 Liska’s No More, But for How Long? - October 6, 2016 The Impact of the Paylan Effect - September 30, 2016 Editorial: Advancing the Aspirations of the Independence Generation - September 21, 2016View all What’s Next for Turkey? - 1 day ago Untimely Death Of An Activist - March 24, 2017 Turkey vs. Europe: Any Lessons? - March 17, 2017 A Diasporan Minister of Diaspora: A Proposal - March 10, 2017 Armenia’s Diaspora Minister Makes Puzzling Assertions - December 8, 2016View all U.S. is a Rainbow of Immigrants - January 27, 2017 Israel Should Stop Selling Weapons to Azerbaijan - December 15, 2016 Tribute to Tom Vartabedian - November 28, 2016 Dear Armenian-American Millennials - November 10, 2016 Nazarian: Letter to Recai - November 7, 2016View all Columns By Any Means My Turn Three Apples Community Links Critics’ Forum My Name is Armen Living in Armenia Tremulous Truculent Turbulent Turkey - April 14, 2017 Elections, Elections, Everywhere! - April 13, 2017 Azerbaijan = Media Black Hole - March 10, 2017 Understanding the New System - March 3, 2017 February 28 & March 7 - February 24, 2017View all Turkish Writer Exposes Persecution of Jews in Turkey - 13 hours ago Trump’s Attack on Syria: Wrong for so Many Reasons - April 11, 2017 Improved Russian US Relations May Be Helpful to Armenia - January 18, 2017 Pro-Azeri and Pro-Turkish Writers Denigrate Armenia and Diaspora - December 13, 2016 Access to Power: Pence Calls Sarkisian; Erdogan & Aliyev Call Trump - December 6, 2016View all The Architect in a Box - April 17, 2015 Three Apples: dOIN’ tIME iN dAW’HA - June 19, 2014 CAPITAL City - October 16, 2013 Pretty Good Day - August 30, 2013 An Open Letter to Him - May 17, 2013View all Stepping Back into Colonial Times and the Armenian Connection - March 7, 2017 My Quest for Armenian Communities Continues in Singapore - February 17, 2017 New Year’s Eve in Buenos Aires - January 26, 2017 A Slice of Armenian Community - January 13, 2017 Saroyan, Ithaca, Disappointment - January 5, 2017View all Critics’ Forum: Theater’s Dirty Word - December 31, 2016 Bourj Hammoud As A Palimpsest Of Culture In Ara Madzounian’s ‘Birds’ Nest’ - December 31, 2015 ‘Happy Armenians’ and a Post-Centennial Paradigm for Armenian Drama - December 31, 2015 Beyond Istanbul: When Superheroes Rule Our World Christian Batikian’s ‘Captain America’ - October 22, 2015 A Deconstruction Of Connected Histories In Aline Ohanesian’s ‘Orhan’s Inheritance’ - April 23, 2015View all The True Heart of an Old Armenian Town - December 12, 2014 The Destiny of Survival - February 28, 2013 The Magical Thread That Binds Generations - August 30, 2012 A Blinding Clarity of Vision - May 10, 2012 Seasons of Love: Embracing Fall - October 31, 2011View all A Plate of Ham and Eggs - February 10, 2014 The Independence Generation - February 3, 2014 Tamar Tatik of Aygepar - January 28, 2014 No Pasarán and Other Stories - January 21, 2014 The Front Line - January 14, 2014View all Sports Videos Recent Posts Turkey Divestment Bill Passes Key Calif. State Assembly Committee - 9 hours ago ANCA Town Hall Reenergizes Armenian American Community in Arizona - 12 hours ago Armenian Dramatic Arts Alliance Announces Reading Events in Glendale - 12 hours ago Soudjian, Yanikian Nominated in Webby Awards - 12 hours ago Turkish Writer Exposes Persecution of Jews in Turkey - 13 hours ago Soudjian, Yanikian Nominated in Webby Awards Latest News Top Stories12 hours ago Motiv startup team (From left to right) Ara Soudjian, Diran Yanikian, and Anthony Wiktor HOLLYWOOD, Calif. (PRWEB)—At this year’s Webby Awards— the Academy Awards for website design — a team of up-and-comers is taking on the corporate giants. Motiv, a San Francisco-based venture that makes an award-winning smart ring, received a nomination in the Advertising, Media & PR Products and Services category. Their competitors in this category are Adidas, Uber, Google, and Project Muze (a collaboration between Google and fashion retailer Zolando). What makes this nomination even more atypical is that Motiv’s website was not produced by a large agency, but by a tight-knit coalition of up-and-coming creative professionals and boutique shops. The team includes Marketing Strategist David Sperry, independent Creative Director Anthony Wiktor, web development team Dirango led by Diran Yanikian, and video production studio Friendly Filmworks led by Ara Soudjian. Operating out of a converted studio in the Hollywood Media District, the team set out to “capture Motiv’s combination of fashion and technology in a responsive interactive site,” says Wiktor. “It took a lot of sleepless nights, but we created a digital experience with the same feel and polish that the big agencies deliver,” says Yanikian. David Sperry, principal of marketing consultancy, Mutant Unicorn, the agency responsible for selecting the trio of shops, noted that he originally reached out to Wiktor and his team because of their “visionary, modern aesthetic. I trusted them with bringing the Motiv brand from idea to reality and it paid off.” Sperry notes that the team’s work was singled out as one of the five best in the world in its category (and among the top 9% of all work entered). As a nominee, Motiv is also eligible to win a Webby People’s Voice Award, which is voted online by fans across the globe. From now until April 20th, Motiv fans can cast their votes at voteformotiv.com “We enjoy working with companies like Motiv that are trying to challenge the status quo because that’s part of our DNA too. We’re looking forward to earning the votes from all those who like supporting the underdog,” adds Soudjian. Winners will be announced on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, and honored at a star-studded ceremony on Monday, May 15, 2017, at Cipriani on Wall Street in New York City. There they will have an opportunity to deliver one of The Webby Awards’ famous 5-Word Speeches. Past 5-Word Speeches include: Steve Wilhite’s “It’s Pronounced “Jif” not ‘Gif’; Stephen Colbert’s “Me. Me. Me. Me. Me.”; and Björk ‘s “A E I O U.” Founded in 2013 and based in San Francisco, Motiv Ring is the first highly advanced wearable device that changes the way people measure activity and sleep. The Motiv Ring won Best of Innovation at the 2017 Consumer Electronics Show. For more information, see http://mymotiv.com. About Mutant Unicorn: A collaborative marketing consultancy consisting of designers, developers and If you have any questions regarding information in these press releases please contact the company listed in the press release. Our complete disclaimer appears here strategists with a passion for building unique product experiences. They exist to help brands grow by understanding, attracting, and connecting with their people. For more information, see mutantunicorn.com Twice featured in Web Design Magazine’s Hot 100, Wiktor has award-winning experience in visual design and brand development. For more information, see anthonydesigner.com. About Dirango: Consisting of engineers and developers, Dirango specializes in creating websites for a diverse array of clients, from startups to public agencies. For more information, see dirango.com. About Friendly Filmworks; Founded by award-winning director Ara Soudjian, this L.A.-based studio produces commercials, music videos, webisodes, and reality TV for clients ranging from major record labels to Fortune 500 companies. For more information, see friendlyfilmworks.com. Hailed as the “Internet’s highest honor” by The New York Times, The Webby Awards is the leading international award honoring excellence on the Internet, including Websites, Film & Video, Advertising, Media & PR, Mobile Sites & Apps, Social and Podcasts & Digital Audio. Established in 1996, The Webby Awards received 13,000 entries from all 50 states and 70 countries worldwide this year. The Webby Awards is presented by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences (IADAS). Sponsors and Partners of The Webby Awards include: Google, Vitamin T, EY, YouTube, WP Engine, Advertising Age, Billboard, Creativepool, Daily Pnut, Digiday, FITC, General Assembly, It’s Nice That, Mashable, Northside Festival, NUMA, Protein, RGD, Social Media Week, SoDA, Springwise, Sysomos, Taste Talks, The Hollywood Reporter, TubeFilter, WeRSM, WNYC. Sharing Twitter0 Facebook0 Google +0 Linkedin11 Email this article Print this article Authors Contributor Discussion Policy Comments are welcomed and encouraged. Though you are fully responsible for the content you post, comments that include profanity, personal attacks or other inappropriate material will not be permitted. Asbarez reserves the right to block users who violate any of our posting standards and policies. Cancel reply Your Name * Your Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty The Day's News Delivered to Your Inbox LATESTMOST POPULAR Latest Most Popular Latest Turkey Divestment Bill Passes Key Calif. State Assembly Committee The California State Assembly Public Employee, Retirement and Social Security Committee Wednesday passed AB 1597 by a 5-0 vote, a bill calling for divestment by the main state pension funds from Turkey. Most Popular Turkey Divestment Bill Passes Key Calif. State Assembly Committee The California State Assembly Public Employee, Retirement and Social Security Committee Wednesday passed AB 1597 by a 5-0 vote, a bill calling for divestment by the main state pension funds from Turkey. Home About Us Advertising Calendar Contact Copyright © by Asbarez Top
Lehigh Valley grocery/convenience stores where you can now buy beer/wine LV Business Cycle Tech and Innovation Lutron syncs your lights with Google Home Lutron Lutron Electronics/CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Lutron Electronics’ Caseta remote, left, can be linked to a Google Home smart speaker, center, enabling consumers to turn lights on and off with voice commands. Lutron Electronics’ Caseta remote, left, can be linked to a Google Home smart speaker, center, enabling consumers to turn lights on and off with voice commands. (Lutron Electronics/CONTRIBUTED PHOTO) Anthony SalamoneContact ReporterOf The Morning Call What's the latest with Lutron and its smart switches? UPPER SAUCON TOWNSHIP — If you've ever tried to turn on your kitchen light while hauling sacks of groceries in both hands, you can appreciate Lutron Electronics' hands-free technology. And the Upper Saucon Township global lighting company is at it again, announcing another integration of its products with a major partner. Lutron and Google Home have launched hands-free help for consumers to control their home lights. Specifically, it allows homeowners to control the lights via voice commands. "It's all about taking care of the customers," Lutron's Neil Orchowski said Wednesday. "This helps do that." Google Home, which debuted last year, is a voice-enabled speaker powered by Google Assistant that allows you to ask a range of questions, stream music and manage everyday tasks. Google Assistant is an intelligent personal assistant that debuted last May. In a news release, Lutron says homeowners can control Lutron's Caseta Wireless, RadioRA 2 or HomeWorks QS lighting systems using Google Assistant. Lutron said Caseta's integration with Google began Tuesday, while the company's Radio RA and HomeWorks QS systems will be available in June. Caption Customer at a loss when Norwegian Cruise Line reneges on refund offer Ross Horrocks and his wife recently took an 11-day Southeast Asia cruise aboard the Norwegian Star departing from Singapore. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Ross Horrocks and his wife recently took an 11-day Southeast Asia cruise aboard the Norwegian Star departing from Singapore. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Customer at a loss when Norwegian Cruise Line reneges on refund offer Ross Horrocks and his wife recently took an 11-day Southeast Asia cruise aboard the Norwegian Star departing from Singapore. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Ross Horrocks and his wife recently took an 11-day Southeast Asia cruise aboard the Norwegian Star departing from Singapore. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Job hopping Here are four statistics on how often people change jobs. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Here are four statistics on how often people change jobs. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption More Americans waiting until the last minute to do taxes A survey by Adobe Digital Insights found 12% of 18-to-34 year olds say they wait until the last 24 hours to think about filing. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) A survey by Adobe Digital Insights found 12% of 18-to-34 year olds say they wait until the last 24 hours to think about filing. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Workplace bullying In a 2014 survey, the Workplace Bullying Institute defined bullying as repeated, health-harming mistreatment. Here are some facts on workplace bullying from the institute’s survey. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) In a 2014 survey, the Workplace Bullying Institute defined bullying as repeated, health-harming mistreatment. Here are some facts on workplace bullying from the institute’s survey. (April 17, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Ivanka Trump awarded trademark approval in China, then dined with Chinese president China's approval gave Ivanka Trump’s company monopoly rights to sell her brand jewelry, bags and spa services. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) China's approval gave Ivanka Trump’s company monopoly rights to sell her brand jewelry, bags and spa services. (April 18, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The Caseta system is available at retailers starting at $99 and can be installed by homeowners, Orchowski said. The other products are sold through dealer businesses at various prices and require professional installation, he said. Google Assistant is also accessible on Pixel, a phone by Google, and select Android phones and Android Wear. The phone controls enable customers to interact with their homes while they are away from their homes. Lutron has already incorporated its lighting control devices with other companies' technology, including Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri. "We have been working to create strategic alliances within the industry, like with Google, to provide enhanced experiences when it comes to lighting controls," said Orchowski, who is product development manager at Lutron. You can learn more at the voice control systems at the following websites: casetawireless.com/googleassistant, lutron.com/radiora2 or lutron.com/homeworksqs. With headquarters on Suter Road in Upper Saucon Township, and facilities in 21 countries, privately held Lutron employs about 1,100 people in the Lehigh Valley. The company was founded in 1961 by Ruth Rodale Spira and the late Joel Spira. asalamone@mcall.com 610-820-6694 Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle. Follow us on Twitter: @LVBizCycle. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Google Inc. Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 54°
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg Tesla Settles Suit Against Ex-Autopilot Head and His Startup by Dana Hull @danahull More stories by Dana Hull and David Welch @DavidWelchBN More stories by David Welch April 19, 2017, 3:18 PM EDT April 19, 2017, 5:10 PM EDT Carmaker had alleged Sterling Anderson breached his contract Anderson formed startup with former Google car project chief Tesla Inc. settled its lawsuit against Sterling Anderson, the former director of the electric-car maker’s Autopilot program, according to a copy of the agreement signed by both parties. “Tesla has withdrawn its claims, without damages, without attorney’s fees, and without any finding of wrongdoing,” Aurora Innovation LLC said in an emailed statement. Aurora agreed to reimburse the cost of an audit to “demonstrate the integrity” of its intellectual property. A California state court docket listed a notice of the settlement on Wednesday. Tesla confirmed in an emailed statement that the lawsuit has been settled and said it’s been paid $100,000. Tesla sued Anderson in January, alleging he breached his contract by forming a competing self-driving car startup with Chris Urmson, the former head of Google’s self-driving car program, and recruiting engineers away from the company led by Elon Musk. Anderson managed Autopilot’s hardware and software teams and helped steer Tesla through a regulatory probe involving a driver who died in a Model S sedan using the system last year. Urmson and Aurora were also named in the suit. Settlement Terms Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up “Under the settlement, Mr. Anderson’s contractual obligations to Tesla will remain in place and will also be extended to Aurora, with additional specific protections being added to ensure there are no further violations,” Tesla said in its statement. “The settlement also establishes a process to allow Tesla to recover all of the proprietary information that was taken from the company, and it provides for Aurora’s computer systems to be subject to ongoing audits to monitor for any improper retention or use of Tesla’s property.” The signed agreement -- a portion of which was redacted in the copy obtained by Bloomberg News -- requires that Aurora provide to Tesla within 30 days the results of a third-party forensic audit “in order to determine the absence, presence or use of any Tesla confidential information.” Tesla has the right to audit Anderson’s and Aurora’s electronic devices and accounts a second time prior to February 2018, using a third-party examiner paid for by Tesla, according to the settlement. Aurora also has to provide names and titles of any former Tesla employees who join the company, the settlement said. Neither party admitted wrongdoing, the document shows. Anderson and Urmson, who left Google in August, now co-lead Aurora Innovation. Three other engineers from the Tesla’s Autopilot group initially decided to join Aurora, though one later changed his mind, Tesla said in the Jan. 26 complaint. Aurora has also hired as its chief technology officer Drew Bagnell, who previously worked for Uber Technologies Inc.’s self-driving car program. Tense Competition Tesla filed its lawsuit in the midst of intense competition within Silicon Valley for autonomous-driving engineers and spoke to the threat established tech companies face when executives with experience leading teams want to move on. In California, 30 companies have been issued autonomous-vehicle testing permits from the state’s department of motor vehicles. The ranks include established automakers Ford Motor Co. and BMW AG; suppliers Robert Bosch GmbH and Delphi Automotive Plc; startups including Zoox Inc. and Nuro Inc.; and most recently tech behemoth Apple Inc. Google’s self-driving car project, now called Waymo, sued Uber in February. Waymo alleges Anthony Levandowski, a former engineer, stole laser-scanning system designs and technology and started a new company that Uber acquired last year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Markets Start to Ponder the $13 Trillion Gorilla in the Room Apple Readies iPhone Overhaul for Smartphone’s 10th Anniversary Larry Fink: ‘Warning Signs Are Getting Darker’ for the U.S. Economy Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Infosecurity Group Websites Magazine Events Infosecurity Europe Infosecurity Leadership Summit Infosecurity Magazine Conferences Infosecurity Netherlands Infosecurity Belgium Infosecurity Russia Infosecurity Mexico Infosecurity Middle East Leaders Network Insight Infosecurity Webinars Infosecurity Whitepapers Infosecurity Virtual Conferences Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest Hundreds of Google Play Apps Infected with the BankBot Trojan Board Members Want a Helicopter View of Cyber-risk Bad Guys Still Rely on Marks to Click on Something #CRESTCon & IISP Congress: Passive Data Sources Can Make System Mapping Great Again Call for DHS to Abandon Demands for Travelers' Social Log-Ins   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » Hundreds of Google Play Apps Infected with the BankBot Trojan 19 Apr 2017 News Hundreds of Google Play Apps Infected with the BankBot Trojan Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara An Android trojan known as BankBot is targeting hundreds of apps on Google Play in a wide-net effort to steal mobile users' online banking credentials. BankBot first surfaced earlier this year after its source code was leaked in December. It infiltrates benign programs, hitching a ride to installation on users’ phones. Once opened, it prompts the user to grant it administrative privileges, then hides by removing its shortcut from the home screen. From there, it can send and intercept texts, obtain contact list phone numbers, track device geolocation via GPS satellites and request additional privileges to do things like make phone calls. And of course, it steals confidential user information by tracking the launch of online banking applications and payment system software. When those applications are launched, it loads a phishing input form on top of the attacked application to capture credentials. To the user, the apps still work and appear legitimate, because they started off that way. And the bad actors are making the most of that situation. Securify’s Niels Croese, for instance, found that with the Funny Videos 2017 app, someone infected it with the trojan just after the last time it had received an update—giving it the longest possible window for infection. As many as 5,000 users had installed the compromised app before it was updated and the trojan defanged. Unfortunately, it doesn’t stop with one app, which Google has removed. Croese examined the code and found that the trojan had compromised more than 400 apps available for download on Google Play. "Consumers have been repeatedly told that only reputable online stores should be used to download apps,” Robert Capps, VP of business development at NuData Security, told us by email. “Yet, this discovery throws that advice into question and leaves the consumer with few options beyond combing reviews, or to download the app directly from the bank’s site where possible. Banking apps are now a fact of life. In 2016, the Federal Reserve reported that banking apps had stable market penetration at around 43% of the mobile phone market. Many mobile phone users not using their phones for banking reported security concerns as part of their reluctance, and trojans like this being found within apps on a major app store only support their concern.” The issue can be addressed by more than Google’s policing. Banks could offer customers robust account protection that includes a suite of layered authentication technologies that go beyond just username and password credentials. “These new solutions authenticate users based on their online behaviors; methods that are extremely resistant to impersonation, don’t rely on credential data, and can even provide banks with options to upgrade user experiences for trusted good customers,” Capps added. “These technologies are going to defeat trojans and malware by making the credentials and payment card details the fraudsters go after obsolete. I’d love to get to the point that fraudsters are holding a bag full of nothing, because that is where these new technologies are taking us." Why Not Watch? 26 Mar 2015Insights into Incident Response – A View from the Front Lines 6 Oct 2016Something you Have, Something you Know – Why Federated Mobile Authentication Can Work 20 Oct 2016Can Good Security Help Drive Greater Business Agility? 10 Mar 2016Out Think Mobile Malware - Learn How to Protect Your Mobile Devices Related to This Story New FakeToken Android banking trojan steals logins directly Malware is on the rise, especially for Android How to detect malicious Android apps Android Info-stealing Baddie Targets Almost 100 Banks The Rising Tide of Android Malware What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 18 Apr 2017 News Widespread AWS Misconfiguration Opens Cloud Environments to Attack 2 19 Apr 2017 News Hundreds of Google Play Apps Infected with the BankBot Trojan 3 17 Apr 2017 News Critical VMware Flaw Opens Virtual Infrastructures to Attack 4 19 Apr 2017 News Oracle Issues Record-Breaking 299 Patches 5 18 Apr 2017 News Karmen Ransomware: User-friendly, Sandbox-averse 6 18 Apr 2017 News Intercontinental Hotels Suffer Major Card Breach 1 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 2 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 3 22 Nov 2016 News Conficker Still on Top as Malware Jumps 5% in October 4 21 Nov 2016 News Data Protection Disputes to Soar Over Next Five Years 5 18 Nov 2016 News UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day 6 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 1 25 May 2017, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PDT Webinar From Targeted to Distributed - Raise your Defences Against Malware 2 18 May 2017, 14:00 BST, 09:00 EDT Webinar Smart Prevention - Expect the Unexpected 3 27 Apr 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar Machine Learning: Snake Oil or the Next Big Idea in Cybersecurity? 4 4 May 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar 12 Months To Go: Simple Steps to Achieving GDPR Compliance 5 16 Mar 2017 Webinar Be Prepared for Ransomware 6 6 Apr 2017 Webinar Beyond Next Gen: Best Practices for Future Ready Security 1 31 Mar 2017 News Feature All You Need to Know about the Cyber Retraining Academy 2 27 Mar 2017 Interview Interview: Chris Pogue, CISO at Nuix 3 28 Mar 2017 Opinion History Repeating: Top Five Database Threats 4 3 Apr 2017 Blog The Security Challenges of Enterprise Container Adoption 5 3 Apr 2017 Opinion Phishing - Why We Keep Getting Netted 6 4 Apr 2017 Blog The Domain Name and its Role in Cyber Forensics The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2017 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Android 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Rohan Naravane Say Goodbye to SMS: The Best Google Hangouts Alternatives Android Say Goodbye to SMS: The Best Google Hangouts Alternatives Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: The Best New Android Apps Released in 2017 Android The Best New Android Apps Released in 2017 Mihir Patkar April 19, 2017 19-04-2017 6 minutes The Best New Android Apps Released in 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google’s Android operating system recently beat Microsoft Windows to become the world’s most popular OS. It’s no wonder then that developers are clamouring to make new apps for the platform. This year hasn’t even reached its halfway mark, and we already have some amazing new tools out there. One of the good things about Android compared to Apple’s iOS is that most apps are free, and you can choose to pay to remove ads. Of course, you can always try a paid app in this list and get a refund from the Play Store How to Get a Refund from the Google Play Store How to Get a Refund from the Google Play Store Bought an app from the Google Play Store and don't want it anymore? This is how to get your refund. Read More if you don’t like it. But it’s nice to avoid that hassle. So here are some of the best new Android apps that came out in the first few months of 2017. Meteor: Test Internet Speed and App Performance Meteor tests the internet speed on your phone and tells you how well a certain app will perform. For example, knowing your speed is 2 Mbps is one thing, but Meteor will quantify it to show whether you can watch 480p, HD, or Full HD videos on YouTube. It supports the popular apps you have installed, such as Netflix, YouTube, Spotify, and so on. This is a better representation of streaming quality than what usual download tests will give you Start Testing Your Internet Speed Right From the Desktop Start Testing Your Internet Speed Right From the Desktop We all know about Speedtest's online interface, but now you can test your internet even more conveniently. Read More . Additionally, Meteor remembers the geo-location of every test you run, so you will know where you get the best speeds. Download — Meteor for Android (Free) FastKey Launcher: Type to Launch You can ditch the Android homescreen and get a replacement easily. The question is, which launcher is right for you? What Is the Best Free Android Launcher? What Is the Best Free Android Launcher? Nova launcher, Apex launcher, and dodol launcher are all solid free launchers, but which is the best? We put them to the test. Read More FastKey brings something new to the table. Instead of a mess of icons on your homescreen, you’ll get a permanent keyboard. Type the name of the app and you’ll see its icon pop up. Tap to run it. You can still keep shortcuts to a few of your favorite apps on your homescreen, of course. FastKey also searches your contact list, so if you want to call someone, the same keyboard search will return results from your address book. Download — FastKey Launcher for Android (Free) Today Weather: The Best Free Weather Forecast App If you’re looking for a free weather forecast app 7 Best Free Weather Apps for Android 7 Best Free Weather Apps for Android Read More , Today Weather is the best you can get. This gorgeous app provides accurate weather forecasts for any city in the world, giving you temperature, air quality, humidity, visibility, wind speed, and more. It complements this data with beautiful photos corresponding to the weather conditions. You can even share these photos with the weather info on them. Honestly, it’s hard to believe that this app is completely free. Download — Today Weather for Android (Free) YouTube Go: YouTube for Bad Internet Spots After Facebook Lite and Messenger Lite, it’s now YouTube’s turn to cater to viewers with bad internet connections. The YouTube Go app lets users download videos You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App YouTube Go is hiding in plain sight on the Google Play Store right now, so it would be rude not to give it a quick spin, right?! Read More to save streaming costs. Users can also set a limit for how much data the YouTube Go app can use. Apart from that, it’s pretty much like the regular YouTube app, so you aren’t losing out on any major features. YouTube Go is currently available only in India on the Play Store, but you can download the APK and install it manually. Download — YouTube Go for Android (Free) Download — YouTube Go APK from APK Mirror (Free) APKUpdater: Update APKs Easily Speaking of APKs, the major problem with side-loading apps on Android How to Manually Install or Side Load Apps on Android How to Manually Install or Side Load Apps on Android Sideloading a file onto your Android device is easy, and we can show you how to do it. Read More is that you miss out on updates. Since it’s not an app from the Play Store, it won’t auto-update. So you need to check regularly if you updates are out. APKUpdater makes the process a little easier by scanning your list of installed apps and showing you which ones have updates available. It also includes direct links to APK Mirror. APKUpdater doesn’t auto-update the apps, though — you’ll still need to download and install them. But it’s a much faster process than before. Download — APKUpdater for Android (Free) Truecaller 8: Now With SMS Support and Video Calls Truecaller got a major update this year, making it better than ever before. The v8 update now includes the best features of Truemessenger Identify Unknown Numbers and Block Spam Text Messages with Truemessenger for Android Identify Unknown Numbers and Block Spam Text Messages with Truemessenger for Android Truemessenger is a fantastic new app for sending and receiving text messages, and it can tell you who an unknown number is and block spam. Read More . such as identifying SMS texts from unknown numbers and blocking spam. A new feature called Flash is like a quick messaging service built into Truecaller. It lets you send common messages (like “Where are you?”) or emojis with a few taps, no writing necessary. Truecaller 8 also integrates with the new Google Duo app to make video calls. Download — Truecaller 8 for Android (Free) BatON: See Battery Levels of Bluetooth Devices If your Android connects to a wireless headset or some amazing Bluetooth speakers Best Bluetooth Speakers Under $25 and up to $300 in 2016 Best Bluetooth Speakers Under $25 and up to $300 in 2016 You can't beat the convenience of going wire-free. Great audio quality may always need wired speakers, but for music on your phone Bluetooth speakers are a must-have accessory nowadays. Read More , then you know how annoying it is to find out that accessory’s battery life. On iPhone, you can see the battery levels for many such devices on the screen. BatON brings that to Android, showing the current battery level of any Bluetooth device you connect to. There are some caveats, like the device needs to use Bluetooth 4 or later and have a hands-free profile. But most modern Bluetooth gadgets meet these requirements. Download — BatON for Android (Free) Podcast Go: The Best Free Podcasts App for Android There’s no question that PocketCasts is the best app for podcasts The 8 Best Podcast Players for Android The 8 Best Podcast Players for Android Want to listen to podcasts on your Android phone or tablet? Let us show you which apps to use. Read More . But it’s a paid app, which makes Podcast Go the best free app for podcasts. It includes most of the features you love in PocketCasts. You can easily find and listen to your podcasts and get updates as new ones release. For offline listening, Podcast Go can download episodes to the phone or to the memory card. If you’re on Android Marshmallow, you can even change the playback speed to get through your podcasts faster. Download — Podcast Go for Android (Free) Laughly: Spotify for Stand-up Comedy If you can’t get enough laughs from watching stand-up comedy, listen to it on Laughly. It’s a humongous audio collection of stand-up acts, including big names like Louis CK, Amy Schumer, Aziz Ansari, Sarah Silverman, George Carlin, and more. Laughly is a subscription service ($3.99 per month) much like Spotify, Netflix, or others. Once you sign up, there are no restrictions on how much you listen to. And yeah, it’s completely ad-free. Download — Laughly for Android ($3.99/month) Google Family Link: Control Your Kids’ Phones There are several apps for parents to control kids’ phones 5 Best Parental Control Apps for Android 5 Best Parental Control Apps for Android If you want to control what your children are able to do on their Android phone or tablet, you need one of these apps. Read More , but nothing comes close to what Google’s new Family Link offers. First of all, it lets parents open Google accounts for children under 13 years of age, which the search giant currently disallows. The app can set daily “screen time” limits so you know the children aren’t using their phones when they should be sleeping. If the kids are glued to the screen instead of socializing with guests, you can remotely lock their devices. The app monitors usage and creates reports for parents. And you can make a child ask for permission before downloading any apps from the Play Store. Family Link works only in the U.S. and requires the child to have a phone running Android 7.0 (or select Android 6.0 devices). Download — Google Family Link for Android (Free) What Did We Miss? Have you come across any new app in 2017 that wowed you? What’s missing from this list? Tell us which apps released in 2017 have been your favorite so far? Previous PostPayPal Teams Up With Android Pay, Gives You More Payment OptionsNext PostTwo People, One Tablet: What Are Your Options? 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 794 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending What Are Kodi Boxes and Is It Legal to Own One? Entertainment What Are Kodi Boxes and Is It Legal to Own… 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Android 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Tech News Android Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Advertisement Related Articles Two People, One Tablet: What Are Your Options? Android Two People, One Tablet: What Are Your Options? 7 Chrome Apps to Help You Create a Quick Simple Logo Creative 7 Chrome Apps to Help You Create a Quick Simple Logo Skip the Windows Start Menu! These Apps Do a Better Job Windows Skip the Windows Start Menu! These Apps Do a Better Job Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Menu CSO Mobile Security Data Protection Identity & Access CSOM CISO Leaders CSO Events Resources/Whitepapers Women in Security Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + RSS Feed Login Forgot password? Don't have an account? Sign up now close Flashlight app on Google Play targeted CBA, NAB, Westpac logins Liam Tung (CSO Online) on 19 April, 2017 23:33 0 - - - - print email Flashlight app with a fake overlay for CBA's mobile banking app sign-in page Researchers have found another banking trojan concealed in a supposed flashlight app that switches the login pages of several Australian bank apps with a fake login. The Flashlight LED Widget app from developer MaxUMedia does deliver its promised flashlight functionality, but also tries to steal banking credentials via fake login pages for legitimate banking apps. This trojan has fake login screens for banking apps by the Commonwealth Bank, NAB, and Westpac, as well as bogus login pages for Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, and Google Play. The malware will display the correct fake login after a targeted app is launched. Google removed the app on April 10 however it had been installed by as many as 5,000 people since it first appeared on Google Play on March 30, according to security firm ESET. The app was promoted as a free super bright flashlight widget that didn’t contain ads. It was likely created by Russian-speaking hackers since the malware functionality is instructed not to operate if the device is located in Russian, Belarus, or the Ukraine. Google in the past fortnight pulled two other banking trojans from Google Play after researchers alerted it to the problem. These also targeted a dozen Australian banking brands, as well as brands serving the New Zealand and European markets. The malware also sought payment card data via fake payment pages for Google Play. ESET researcher Lukas Stefanko believes the flashlight banking trojan is a modified version of a bogus charger app with ransomware functionality that Google took down from Google Play in January. However, it’s also similar to banking malware targeting Turkish bank apps, which Google removed in February. Read more: ​Google yanks phishing app targeting Australian and EU bank apps Stefanko notes that removing the malicious app is a bit tricky but the firm has provided instructions to manually remove it. Google's malware scans make it the safest place for Android users to download apps from, however its checks fail to detect every potentially harmful application. As governments review security exposure, secure unified workspaces lead the way for business More from Blackberry Join the CSO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags WestpacGoogle Playbanking TrojanAndroidmalwareFlashlite More about Commonwealth BankESETFacebookGoogleNABWestpac Read next A vigilante hacker may have built a computer worm to protect the ... Careful opening Word docs: attackers exploit un-patched Office flaw 457 visa changes will limit Australian companies’ access to overseas security talent Cisco Live: Innovation Day Anticipate 2016 CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, ... Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Whitepapers Everything You Need to Know About Cyber Threats But Were Too Afraid To Ask Cisco 2017 Annual Cybersecurity Report Editor's Recommendations ​Ex-NSA bug bounty startup Synack lands $21m, eyes Australia for growth Careful opening Word docs: attackers exploit un-patched Office flaw ​Replacing Your Antivirus: Four Steps to the Right Solution Solution Centres Enterprise Mobility Resource Centre Security Intelligence Network Security Zone Stories by Liam Tung ​Microsoft releases password killer: the Authenticator phone sign-in Flashlight app on Google Play targeted CBA, NAB, Westpac logins ​Google yanks phishing app targeting Australian and EU bank apps ​Let’s Encrypt, Comodo blamed for issuing Apple, PayPal phishing SSL certificates Latest Videos CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, Virgin Australia Group CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Silas Barnes, Group Chief Information Security Officer, Virgin Australia Group Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow 2017 Showreel CSO Perspectives Roadshow 2017 Showreel Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Jeff Lanza, Retired FBI Agent (USA) CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Jeff Lanza, Retired FBI Agent (USA) Play Video CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Mark Loveless "Simple Nomad" Senior Security Researcher at Duo Security CSO Perspectives Roadshow Interview - Mark Loveless "Simple Nomad" Senior Security Researcher at Duo Security Play Video ​Panel Session sponsored by VMware, Application Security: Does moving your applications to the Cloud mean reduced risk or just relocated risk? ​Panel Session sponsored by VMware, Application Security: Does moving your applications to the Cloud mean reduced risk or just relocated risk? Play Video More videos Blog Posts Are all proxies actually security assets? Matthew Hackling Awareness Matt Tett Are you on the backfoot? Jarrod Loidl Internet Security....the final word.....well maybe the second final.....ah, maybe one more after that..... Drazen Drazic Market Place Emerging Cyber Threat Summit | Cybersecurity strategy for business leaders in the digital age | 6-8 June | Sydney | Get the agenda Secure the Future Workspace - Data protection, Securing IoT, Security Policies & more | IDC Analysts | Hands-on Workshops | Register now Send Us E-mail | Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Subscribe to emails | Contacts Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO | CMO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Home Login/Sign up Sections Industries Industries Banking & Finance Health Government Retail Manufacturing Data Protection Data Protection Application Security Network Security Cloud Security Social Networking Security Wireless / Mobile Security Malware / Cybercrime Data Privacy PCI & Compliance IT Audit Social Engineering Identity & Access Identity & Access Access Control Identity Management Identity Theft Prevention Mobile Security Security Leadership Security Leadership Compliance Executive Communication Security Awareness Strategic Planning / ERM Metrics / Budgets Security Industry Global Security Security Career Staffing Risk Management RSA 2014 Women in Security News Features Opinions Blogs Reviews EThreatz Resources / Whitepapers Galleries Events CSO Directory RSS Feed
You Probably Shouldn’t Forge a Judge’s Signature to Solve Your SEO Problems A jewelry company CEO was arrested on Monday and charged with forging court orders in order to de-index negative reviews on Google. In 2011, sapphire jewelry company CEO Michael Arnstein was desperate to salvage the Google results for his company. According to a lawsuit for defamation he filed in 2011, a former contractor for the Natural Sapphire Company who was fired for selling them buggy software launched a personal crusade to destroy the Natural Sapphire Company's Google search results. The defendant never showed up in court, so in 2012, a federal judge in New York granted Arnstein a default judgment along with an injunction to de-index 54 Google results. But more fake reviews kept popping up. So Arnstein did something extremely ill-advised. According to the feds, Arnstein rounded up the bad Google results and forged new court orders to send to Google. Courthouse News reports that Arnstein was arrested on Monday, on two counts of forging a judge's signature and one count of conspiracy. He was released by a magistrate judge on his own recognizance that day, but the three counts each carry a potential five year sentence, so he's not exactly off the hook. The criminal complaint says that Arnstein wrote in an email in July 2014 that if he "could do it all over again" he would have just found an existing court order online and photoshopped it with the links he wanted removed. The feds say that that's basically what he did a few months later, sending two different takedowns to Google on October 22 and December 1, for a total of twelve new URLs. And it worked—Google took down the URLs without any questions. Although Motherboard could not locate copies of those requests, we were able to find several similar requests on the Lumen database, including ones dated as recently as June 28, 2016, October 31, 2016, and February 10, 2017, all of which seem to have the exact same signature. The defamation case was closed in 2012, and the docket only lists a single court order dated from 2012. The criminal complaint also quotes from several emails Arnstein wrote to an employee, directing them to add certain URLs and dates to the court order. But the really mindboggling part is where Arnstein straight up tells someone via email that he had "photoshop[ped] the documents for future use when new things 'popped up' and google legal never double checked my docs for validity." "I could have saved 100k and 2 years of waiting/damage if I just used photoshop and a few hours of creative editing," he allegedly wrote. "Lawyers are often worse than the criminals." From the criminal complaint. Getting bombarded with a negative SEO campaign sucks. Desperation and extreme frustration are pretty understandable reactions. But might we venture to say, forging court orders are a bad idea? We haven't confirmed this, but we're going to go ahead and guess that judges don't look kindly upon people who impersonate them.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Actions on Google (third-party services for Assistant) will come to languages other than US English... one day Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 5:45am PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Plus 1 on G+ 12 Share on Facebook 34 Share on Twitter Total Shares51 Google News If you bought a Google Home in the UK, you may be wondering why your new gadget feels less powerful than what you had expected. Sure, you can ask it questions and play music, but the services supported aren't as numerous as what you originally thought. Where's Logitech for example? And Todoist? And all those fancy names you keep reading about? Well, they should be under Services in the Assistant settings of your Google Home, but they're not. That's for one reason: the Actions on Google platform, which was opened to devs last December, is only available in US English. Add this to the list of inconsistencies with Assistant. Oh, oh, and the fact that Actions on Google are, for now, only accessible from Assistant on Home and not on phones, Pixels, or other devices. Not to beat a dead horse, but those distinctions are starting to get very annoying. You shouldn't be thinking about what you can do, in which language, in which syntax (services require you to say "talk to X" first), and on which device when you want something from a smart "assistant." The slightly good news though is that Google is working on bringing more language support to the Actions on Google platform. When? Googler Wayne Piekarski says he has no formal release date, but it's happening. They'll let us know when they let us know. In other words, cross your fingers and hope for the best. It's nice though to see someone at Google acknowledging the missing features for our friends across the pond. Source: +Wayne Piekarski Tags Actions on Google custom actions for Google Assistant google assistant google home third-party actions Third-party services subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) ... Next Story Apex Launcher set to return from the dead this May Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Tomáš Petrík Well done Google, you have discovered there is another country besides the USA. 2 done, 194 to go... boop Did they remove the services list? Rita El Khoury You mean on the support pages? Yeah, that page seems gone. Tom Erlandsen This feels like the kind of thing that maybe should have been worked out BEFORE releasing Home in the UK? neoKushan Given they announced a load of new partners at almost the exact same time they announced the UK launch, I (Naively) assumed the two were related and that they only wanted to do the UK launch after they had enough partners on board to suit that market. Nope, just shitty communication from Google as per usual. Mario Wouldn't simply setting the device to US english help? Are US and UK so different? Rita El Khoury I know some users who have done that, but from their experience, it can't always recognize their British accent then. They'd have to speak with an American accent to make it work more reliably. Not sure if anyone has faced the same issue, but that's what I was told. Guy R Bailey You can but it's a pain mike shwilly It's almost the same only on paper Darek Czubacki With a last name of Piekarski, I would hope that my native tongue of Polish will be supported soon in Google Assistant as it was in Google Now. Google Now supported a primary voice search language as well as a secondary. Matt Great point. But even Google Now in Polish, doesn't have that many commands as in English. Google Now in Polish is really useful for one of my friends and I hope they support stuff more soon. Atoqir They are starting to be like Microsoft these days it seems. makapav 'Old Microsoft'. Atoqir Not really, after almost 2 years after release Cortana is still not available in countries like Belgium and the Netherlands makapav It's very clear to me that Google Home will not be ready until 2018 winter. They aimed too high without any drugs for their deteriorating condition from ADHD. Way too much promise and hype at launch. King_Android I mean this would be a major project. Can they get around to offering more support while also building up Assistant? I mean its a robust assistant that just got introduced and needs to be refined more. Siri was a total mess when released and is not much better. At least Google is obviously making strides into getting GA to everyone. People will complain about anything. Deeco We are Beta testers to Google. As much as I hate to admit it, but Apple does It's shit right from day one before releasing to general public unlike Google. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 121 queries | 0.327s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 4 Plus 1 on G+ 2 Share on Facebook 8 Share on Twitter Total Shares14 Applications Google Google Home News Article Contents 1 Control by voice 2 Services 3 Control by app 4 Upcoming Google first talked about Google Home back at I/O, but the device became official at the recent October hardware event. The speakers didn't go into detail on all the apps and services that Home would work with, preferring instead to focus on a few specific demos. Now, Google has published a list of everything that works with Home, and we expect this will grow over time. Here's what Google has published so far on its support site for Home. Control by voice Audio Google Play Music YouTube Music Spotify Pandora TuneIn Smart home Nest Thermostats Phillips Hue Samsung SmartThings Honeywell Belkin Wemo IF by IFTTT Wink Insignia Wi-Fi Smart Plug LIFX Vivint TP-Link (smart bulbs and plugs) Frigidaire Geeni Anova First Alert Logitech (Harmony) August Home (Smart Lock) Rachio (Smart Sprinklers) Lowes Iris Lutron Caseta Wireless Osram Lightify Streaming Devices Google Chromecast Vizio Toshiba Philips Sony Bang & Olufson B&O PLAY Grundig Polk Audio TV and Audio (Chromecast or Google Cast TV required) YouTube Netflix Google Photos Tasks Google Calendar Google Keep Games and Fun Mad Libs Services 21 Blackjack 360 Jungle 5 minute plank 8 ball Able Style ACTi SARA Aeden at Westworld Agent of the day Akinator Alfred Quotes Anchor And Chill Anova Argus Artsy Ask my buddy Ask Jelly Ask Wonder Audio Burst August AutoVoice Baby Stats Bank Helper BART Helper Bay Transport be box Beer guide Best Dad Jokes Brick Finder Brick info Bugle Notes Busuu Butler Services Buzzfeed CareGeneral CharlieCat Chefling Chk-in Cam ChronosBot City Cinema City of Auburn CMU Dining CNBC CNN Computer Builder Conrad Connect Control Nightingale Cook ai Cool Events Crazy House Credit card helper Daily Motiviation Danish Games DiamondHead Lake Divine Song Dododex Domino's Dr. Doggy Dublin bus finder Eliza Elle Horoscopes FaithLife Farmer's Almanac Fetch my calendar FitStar Flex TV Flipper Energy Food Guy Food Network Forecaster Joe Friendly Fortune Teller Friendly Librarian Genie Voice Genius Gina's Guitar Tuner Good code tips GoodGuide Graphically Speaking Guess my age Harmony Hawaii surf report Headspace Hipo Smart Home energy monitor HomeSeer Hopkins Bus Tracker Huffpost Headline Quiz Hydra CG Invasion Tracker Iowa Lake Info Itcher Izzy the Islander Jackson Locals Jaden Smith Quotes Jelly KAYAK Latest Trump Tweet Life Stories Line Status Lonely Planet Magic 8 ball Math Quiz Mental Math Mortgage Helper Mostly Harmless Quotes Miss Molecule's Favorite Molecule Mostly Harmless Quotes Motivate Me Movie Maestro Music Ear Trainer My Bus Stop Narwhal Bacon NBC News Neato Robot Never have I ever Next Transit Nexx Garage NPR One Number Genie Onelink Onshape OurGroceries PGA Tour Pi Digit Assistant Plane Strike PM 10 in Korea Poland Facts Prague Public Transport Pray Together Product Hunt Progressive Quick Remote Quora Racing Results Random conversations Real Estate Search red pebble Reverse Math Game Ring Salon Professional Sayspring Scout Seaside Data Seattle Pools SF Transit SG NextBus Shelly Cloud SigmaCasa Silly Bean Smart AC Smart Life Smart Voice Song Explorer SongPop Sound Effects Explorer Spelling Master St. Joseph's Lunch Menu Star Wars Facts Starfish Me Starfish Track Steven Wynn Quotes Story Stan Story Tree Straight Times Street Dictionary Stringify Sub War Summoner Expert Team Ninja Tender Text Adventure The Animal Quiz The Bartender The Daily Camera The Keys, DJ Khaled quotes The Magic Door The Misfortune Coookie The Motley Fool The Temple at the End of the Forest The Virtual Concierge WSJ Today's Bible Verse Today's Word Todoist Tomato Reviews TRT World Quiz Tube Check Tube Status Tube Trains Uber Upcoming Bollywood Movies Value Adder Venturebeat News Weather Sky WebMD Whitney Bond wikiHow Wine Guide World Air Quality Index WRAL WUFT YouVersion YouVersion Stories Control by app Any Cast-enabled audio app Upcoming Mercedes-Benz Hyundai iHeartRadio We'll update this post whenever Google adds more services, so stay tuned. Source: Google Support Tags apps assistant Google google home subscribe ... Previous Story Microsoft announces Wunderlist successor, the imaginatively named To-Do ... Next Story Historic audio brand Jensen announces stereo smart speaker with Chromecast built-in Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Mark01 Won't buy if you can't change that ridiculous Ok Google hotword nxtiak You'd rather say some weird name like Alexa or Siri? eazyean1 Echo is cool actually Abhishek Saral If it works just by saying "Google" it would be nice. Like in Amazon Echo we just have to say "Alexa". David Hyman Microsoft just recently changed the Xbox commands from Xbox to Cortona. Not only is it worse than before but I constantly say the old keyword. The thing with ok google is that it never really comes up during a normal conversation where as Siri and Alexa sound more like other names and leaves to false keyword activation XerBlade Having "Xbox" as the hotword was pretty much the dumbest idea they could've possibly had. Unless you are a lonely warrior who only plays video games by himself all the time (as game developers seem to think all gamers are these days since hardly anyone who isn't Nintendo builds local multiplayer anymore...), it is extremely likely that the word "Xbox" is going to come up in normal conversation extremely often while you are using the Xbox with your friends or family. In fact, I know from experience that it happens constantly. David Hyman True but my point was about the issues with changing hotwords, and the fact that Cortona is worse than what they had before Jarrett Lennon Kaufman In what way is it worse? "Hey Cortana" works pretty well for me on my computer and Xbox with NO false positives like before. trickinit It doesn't work very well for me. It's a lot slower to respond and it tends to get the command wrong a lot more than it used to with "Xbox". Anytime Cortana doesn't understand me, it switches to the browser to do a Bing search. That get pretty frustrating when I'm trying to record a game clip. David Hyman Yea! Try having Cortona try to find a TV show, that used to be solid with the old way and completely fails now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That doesn't sound like a problem with the command, necessarily, but the software change overall. David Hyman It seems like it always has to phone home for even the simplest commands like turn off. It seems to fail to understand that command very often lzdking I keep switching back to Cortona after system updates because I really want to use it, but the lag time is too much. Very annoying to tell Cortona to pause a show and then have it take anywhere from 3 - 8 seconds to pause. I switched back to the Xbox commands because they are nearly instant. David Hyman Dude that's definitely a major issue. I keep using it so they get more data to hopefully improve it. I like the media capabilities of my Xbox more than Chromecast because I get hdmi pass through for my Comcast box and it has Amazon video. Two things that I can't get with a Chromecast XerBlade I wasn't going to correct you if you only said it once, but it's "Cortana." David Hyman Oh sorry auto correct Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That would be terrible. The word "Google" comes up a lot in conversation in 2016. No way I'd want that alone to be the keyword in my living room. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] It's 'Ok Google'. Do you really say those two words together outside of voice recognition interactions? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Did you bother to read the comment I was replying to? Damodara Kovie [dkovie] I feel a fool. My apologies, good sir. enoch861 At least those sound much much better than Ok, Google. catalysto Yes, "Alexa" is very easy to say and makes it feel like I'm talking to an actual person. "OK, Google" is awkward and alienating, at best. Matt Cortana is probably the best name actually. It's easy to say and is different enough that you shouldn't get a lot of false positives. I imagine Alexa could get annoying in households where someone is named Alexa, Alexis, possibly even Alex. wjrandon I'm tired of saying "ok google" as well. Marko Šaric Yeah. I wish that could be changed. At least "Hey Google!", as was shown at Google io. Lateef Alabi-Oki You can use "Hey Google" also. XerBlade At which point tech podcasters everywhere will have to find a new substitute phrase to use when they want to talk about it without activating the devices of everyone listening en masse. Lateef Alabi-Oki Hopefully, the voice training technology improves in these devices so that only registered voices can trigger the hotword. blassster And they need to tie the person's registered voice and query to the proper Google account. Custom hotwords per user would help. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe Dieter Bohn said they were working on that in today's Verge podcast. If true, that'd be really neat. blassster I've never had this problem after they rolled out the training model part of the setup so long ago. XerBlade I never had that problem until they did that. Actually, they rolled out the training part of the setup alongside the "OK Google everywhere" feature. Neither existed before the other. So I highly doubt very many people had the issue BEFORE they rolled out the training model part of the setup, because they would literally have to be sitting either on the Google Now screen or (in the case of Nexus devices only at the time) on the home screen at the time when the hotword was heard, the chances of which are kinda low. blassster Oh, I thought the training model came later. I remember after training it (or, probably re-training it if you are correct) that it was solved. Early on for me it was the worst! youareme7 really? that's a Home thing I missed? I mean I want custom but at least hey google rolls off a little easier than ok google. Lateef Alabi-Oki I doubt they'd make it customizable since "Ok, Google" is free marketing and brand awareness for them. youareme7 Yeah, don't disagree but still a bummer, that syllable salad is a minor annoyance Lateef Alabi-Oki Yeah, I can see how it may be difficult to pronounce for non-English speakers. Maison Pulaski I doubt they would change the name of their flagship phone because _Nexus_ is free.... Oh wait.... Nevermind. Lateef Alabi-Oki You're right. This is Google we're talking about. We might wake up tomorrow and the hotword would be "Hey, Giri". By the way they're going to change the name of the Google Cast app to Google Home. Not confusing at all. Arthur J. hey google doesn't work Tuck Choate You don't have a Google home to test it on, yet, do you? Arthur J. I was speaking about Nexus Tuck Choate This discussion is about Google home. Arthur J. yeah, but why the command would be this on a device and that on another Tuck Choate It's primarily a voice device. AP even did an article on an APK breakdown on how they might give more control to users for voice actions. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/08/19/google-app-v6-3-suggests-google-assistant-may-launch-limited-language-support-expands-user-defined-actions-apk-teardown/ Arthur J. Forgot that one, that would so nice if they expand it to all devices. As Youareme7 said, 'OK' an extra syllable and "hey" would be more discreet. Especially when you say in English US in a non english country Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yes, but more syllables was purposeful. More syllables makes it easier for the software to understand and gives you fewer false positives. Ryan Hey google works, I have one. Its not as reliable as OK google though. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe "Hey, Google" worked in the demos. I may be wrong though, but I thought it did. Arthur J. I didn't payed attention to that Matt It just worked on my phone. 6p YaKillaCJ Just worked on my watch too. Hey Google is a lot more natural than ok Google. Still should be able to name your device. It's only natural since U can nickname/hotkey people. That way my Phone, Remote (older phone), Tablet, Watch, and now Home doesn't go off at once. drksilenc It does work i use it at home all the time. It doesnt work from cell phone which is done on purpose so you dont get multiple google devices activating at the same time. Justin W Hey Google works for me with my phone. Not sure if it's me just not saying it clearly enough or if it's actually a supported hotword though. Marko Šaric Works for me too (just tried it out). On my g watch and Nexus 5x. Cool. Markus Ressel Still kind of awkward imo dhamp2g Pretty silly reason to me, but to each his own. Marko Šaric Will Google Home work in Europe? (By Europe I mean Croatia). Lateef Alabi-Oki No, because the EU will find an excuse to sanction them for another monopoly abuse claim. Marko Šaric Seriously though. I was thinking about getting one. But I would like to know if I could actually use the thing and not just admire it. Lateef Alabi-Oki I think it's US only for now. It might come to Europe next year. They probably want to get multilingual issues sorted out first before they introduce it in Europe. Marko Šaric That's a bit disappointing if true. I would use it in English anyway. Lars Jeppesen Of course it will work if you import it. I'm planning to.. Marko Šaric I'm planning to also. However, I would like to not pay 3 times the price after shipping and taxes. Any tips for import sites where you may have purchased items previously. I've never imported from the states, as I merely use Amazon.de or UK. Lars Jeppesen Why would you think that? You think it checks your location and refuses to work if outside the US? Lateef Alabi-Oki Nope. I'm just speculating. I could competely wrong. Gregory It might not be sold in Europe, but will it work in Europe? I also don't mind using it in English. Matt I want to know this too. I might get my US friend to bring one with him in December to the UK, if it's going to work that is. Lateef Alabi-Oki If Google Assistant works in Europe, and I believe it does, I see no reason why Google Home wouldn't. I doubt Google would deliberately region lock Home. Jens Törnblad It doesn't work with Android TV? RedPandaAlex I'm pretty sure they confirmed that it will worth with Android TV using the Google Cast feature. Lateef Alabi-Oki It works with any Google Cast enabled device, including Android TV. Christofftofferson I assumed it would as android tv is a Chromecast receiver. komal You have a nice post and i liked very much http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/march-2017-calendar.html XerBlade It will cast to an Android TV device, yes, but you can't use it (yet) to control the Android TV interface with voice commands like you can with one of the Android TV voice remotes. So it's kinda halfway supported. 2×4 Missing: - 8tracks? - TP-Link Kasa? - Ecobee? Lazy Tango All my standing lights are connected through TP-Link Kasa... Partially because Alexa connects to it, but mostly because I can't afford Hue lights. 2×4 in my case, I use Kasa because solutions that require a hub haven't worked reliably enough for me. CUEBALL Same here. Hope Kasa integrates with Home in the near future. Kevin Sauer No Ecobee? No Caseta Wireless Lutron? The smarthome space is so annoying right now. "Buy this thing! It may work with some other stuff. I dunno. Good luck." wjrandon "Ok Google, start the Rooma"? Kevin Sauer Sure that sounds good Philip Worthington Maybe, although I suspect what you got would be closer to this... https://youtu.be/g8v6cZ21vlc thomasguide2 Shouldn't the roomba be starting by itself? Phoenix I see what you did there Fatty Bunter You can do this with a Harmony Hub and IFTTT right now by issuing the appropriate IR command for a given voice keyword. Obviously that requires more $, but hey it's possible. enoch861 This is why you just buy the Echo. It works with mostly everything. catalysto Yeah, except the Amazon ecosystem is nowhere near as robust as Google's (e.g., Calendar, Maps, et cetera). Amazon has the upper hand on hardware integration at the moment, but I have no doubt that Google will quickly catch up -- especially with this fairly impressive launch list (remember Echo launched with none). Matt Maps "Ok Google, Navigate to the store." "You're in your house dumbfuck, but here's a map to the store on your TV." catalysto So... What exactly is your point? You know Alexa doesn't have this information, right? Cory S it actually can do all those things. Albeit badly, but it does. cabbieBot best comment on AP possibly ever. Brandon V. Fletcher Echo's support grew over time. So will Google Home's. Hector Diaz I have 3 echo so with Smartthings. Really like it but echo is not that smart. shadowdude777 It really bugs me that Play Music doesn't work with the Echo. And this is ALL GOOGLE'S FAULT. If they would just expose an API like Spotify does, we could have support for Play Music everywhere that we have Spotify. I'd ditch Play Music today, because Spotify has a better desktop client, better social features, an app that isn't a lagfest, and better family pricing now, but I'd lose out on Play Music's ability to upload my own tracks, which is sadly quite important to me. :( Cory S Amazon blocks Chromecast products from even being sold on their store, and you think they would work well with Google on this? BRB I need to get back to watch Prime video on my TV....oh wait its Android TV and I cant because actively AMAZON BLOCKS IT. shadowdude777 Amazon doesn't have to do ANYTHING if Google didn't provide such a bad service with a locked-down API; that's the point. If there were a Play Music API, a third-party dev could write the Echo Skill that integrates with it, with no work on Amazon's part. All of these walled gardens are infuriating; Google needs to learn to play nice with other ecosystems. It would solve a lot of their problems if they just made it possible to integrate their services with other systems. Andy J Did you really just suggest that Google doesn't open up everything they can for developers? You have seen https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer/#p/ right? shadowdude777 You're joking, right? Are you really defending them and saying that "they're doing the best they can"? If they were opening up everything they can for developers, why is there no music API? Spotify has one. Why is there no Hangouts API? Why is there no Allo API? These are all services that NEED APIs to be taken seriously. Give me one good reason why they can't expose an API for these services. Andy J OK - well..... Hangouts & Allo = proprietary, just like WhatsApp doesn't have an API, Facebook messenger doesn't have an API. The music service doesn't have an API for any number of reasons ranging from - they don't want to expose the service via an API to - the contracts they have agreed with the studios and labels may well disallow it, don't make the mistake that all the music services have identical agreements with the labels because that is far from the case. Finally - don't fall in to the trap that every service under the sun should/does have an API - Netflix doesn't provide an API allowing you to consume their paid for content outside of the Netflix ecosystem. Amazon TV doesn't have an API allowing you to consume their video content outside of their service. shadowdude777 Google Talk used standards (XMPP) while Hangouts doesn't, and Allo doesn't. Yes, other walled gardens also don't provide APIs, but you shouldn't pretend that Google is some bastion of developer/consumer-friendliness when they're just as bad as every other company that thinks they're above playing nice with others. Slack has an API, Discord has an API, Telegram has an API etc. There's no way that Google was able to negotiate an agreement allowing for a feature like users uploading their own songs to Play Music, but not negotiate an agreement allowing for API access for premium members like Spotify has. This is a decision they made, considering they obviously have the pull to make an API happen if they actually cared. Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API. But Play Music has no reason not to have one, nor do Google's multiple failing messenger apps. Andy J "Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API." This is my point - why? Why aren't you asking for that? Your entire argument is that Google don't have enough APIs - why stop at demanding Play Music? I'm not saying Google should not open up an Play Music API - there is obviously something because there are unofficial apps that use an undocumented API - but why do you think it would be OK to not open up a video streaming API too - after all - YouTube has one, why shouldn't Play Movies - especially considering it uses YouTube on the backend anyway. Josh Hoffman How is the Spotify family pricing better than Google All Access? Play music 6 users for 14.99 plus Youtube Red. Spotify is 14.99 for 6 users but spotify only. shadowdude777 Didn't realize it was you + 5 people for Play Music, I thought it was 5 people total (so you + 4 people). Yeah, I guess GPM's pricing is better. Pranav Check IFTTT, they have a lot of connections that solve this issue Savage Alien Ecobee commands are HomeKit based. atlharry Not just HomeKit. Smartthings works as well so you could get to the Ecobee through Smartthings. Savage Alien Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. youareme7 These are just the launch (pre-launch?) partners, it'll expand exponentially when they open it up in December. I use Wink for instance and I know they're working on it but weren't a "launch partner". dhamp2g They have some big ones on the list. It works with chrome cast, text , and Play music.....I'm in Lars Jeppesen Never heard of those products.... Ryan IFTTT gives you control over all of that. The setup kind of sucks, Ill admit, but the plus side you can customize the phrases that trigger things to something that is more "human" or fun. Kevin Sauer Thanks for your reply. I have already done all of that through IFTTT, but as you point out, it's a pain in the ass. I would prefer the manufacturers bake it into their product directly. YaKillaCJ @Ryan I did the same here. I just setup a lot using IFTTT, Pushbullet & Tasker. Sure U have to manually make the word commands but it works. Nothing like saying "Hey Google" and control nearly everything. Ryan Yeah, its definitely tedious. But odds are I will keep doing it after makers like Wemo and Lutron plug in because, what I have seen so far with 3rd party services, their actions are really limited. While I had to set it up its nice to be able to say "Hey Google, start a fire" to have it turn on my fireplace instead of something more literal. BAlGaInTl I paired mine with a Samsung SmartThings hub that was on sale for $50. I can control my Ecobee seamlessly through that. I don't think there is Lutron support yet though. MicroNix This is why Echo > Google Home right now and probably for some time. Android sites are hyping Google Home like its some great thing. It barely works with anything in a smart home right now. Let's revisit in a year or so. Until then, umm, no thanks. Ethan Campbell I'm interested in the Software. I was a Quora power user, and I'm on hiatus right now. When I return, I will be using the Google Home with it all the time. Gregg Long I hope Caseta comes through soon. A much better solution for lights that aren't table lamps. Gregg Long Yes much better - and they still offer a wall wart plug in for table lamps. And unlike solutions like Hue, you can use a caseta wall switch which works with regular decora plates to turn on and off the lights while still having retaining control through your app. With Wifi lights, when you turn them off at the switch your remote control turns off with them. eazyean1 Sonos? Lateef Alabi-Oki If you can connect the Audio Chromecast to Sonos, it might be able to work. I don't have a Sonos, but I heard someone talk about it on an IOT podcast yesterday. Christofftofferson Most of the sonos speakers don't have audio in jacks (only the play 5 does). Sonos does accept google cast from Google play if you have sonos on the android phone you're casting from. Also they annouced they're working with Alexa to get voice control in 2017... so hopefully they remain fairly agnostic between Google, Amazon and others. Lateef Alabi-Oki Honestly, I see no reason why Sonos can't write some actions for Google Assistant and Google Home. They'd be foolish not to, since it looks like Google wants Assistant and Home to be an open platform for developers. op12 They're definitely thinking about it, but who knows how long it'll be considering the Amazon Alexa integration took months... https://twitter.com/JohnLMacFarlane/status/733013734625415168 Benoit Bourdua Plex seems like something people would want to see there. Corbin Davenport If it had Plex support, at least for audio, I would buy one. Benoit Bourdua I play my music using Plex on Synology + Chromecast Audio. Not sure I'll buy one, but if there is no support for that combo it's a sure thing I won't. MicroNix Synology, what a great NAS. Worth every penny. Blake Mitchell I'm starting to regret getting a QNAP. komal You have a nice thought and very creative and awesome http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/february-2017-calendar.html Soundjudgment Plex just finished its app update-release for iOS and iPhone/iPad. Google Home should be next. Morten Ulv Not before December when Actions on Google comes. Mike Marshall Senior director of Yahoo!, is telling visitors to start off "Work at home" practice, that People have been doing for more than a year now. This season only, I generated about $36k already with nothing but my laptop or computer as well as some leisure time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to five job. Even most people new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income might be even very high in the long run... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y3 Fatty Bunter WHAT ELSE DO YOU KNOW? TELL ME IMMEDIATELY. But seriously, this would be by far the biggest jump in capability for me and many others I know. Would love this so much, cant wait. Aaron Geier You can cast to the Google Home from the Plex app in Android. Chris McGrath they just released alexa support, i imagine google home isn't far behind it Mark555055 i would be shocked if Plex did not interface with Google home in the near future. Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,...... Matt I'd say they left it out so they could push their own stuff, but Play Movies isn't even on there. theProffer It sort of is because you can watch your purchases via YouTube iantrich There is a Plex service now named Flex TV Gabriel Dalposso "The speakers didn't go into detail" Ha! Was that a pun? SmashleyFC How does this differentiate accounts? Can anyone just add shit to my calendar? youareme7 as of today the best we know is it only supports one account. I'm guessing that'll change but who knows when Abhishek Saral Wait so if I am watching something on YouTube or listening to something on Spotify on an iPhone. And I say "Play this on my TV". Will it work? Even with an iPhone? Boolean Corporation Netflix or bust Angst They (At the event on October 4th) said that Netflix was already on-board with making integration in the 'very near' future JSo So anything that works with the Chromecast should work with the Nexus Player, right? João Dias So does this mean that Google keep is getting an api? :D Andrew Gallagher Any idea how it will work in a multiple Google account household? Andy J Yup....... until they implement something - you know - sensible.... currently you have to find out who is logged in, find them, ask them to log out (using their phone), log in and perform whatever it was you wanted to do (which you could of done 10 times over with just your phone by the time you get logged in to it). I wish they had resolved this issue BEFORE selling it.... scasmflop Video list seems a bit light... I would guess that Google Play Movies should be in there as well. I thought I remembered them calling up "Stranger Things" during the on stage demo to insinuate netflix also working in some capacity. Thomas Paulsen After the I/O event I was expecting that we would see some cunning home automation examples. Google is full of engineers that like to cook-up some awesome things. But we didn't see that. The only native home automation partner appears to be Nest. No word on the level of integration. Say an object moves into the Nest camera view. Let me see a live stream on my Android TV. Instead we are getting SmartThings support. SM had horrible latency at one point. So not only does my command have to go through Google but also through SM and back. Not to mention SM security concerns. No word on Brillo and Weave standards. Very concerning. I'd by a Google Home supported door lock right away. Smart door locks have been a disappointment so far actually. Defenestratus Smart things no longer has horrible latency. surethom Hopefully by the time Google Home comes to the UK next Summer or later, I hope Wemo & lifx are supported, & also able to select Hot word, even Hey Google is better than Ok Google. trent Why no voice calls over hangouts. Seems like a perfect use case. Oh right ... Hangouts is now a class B deprecated product! sasidhar79 any chance of Google Assistant becoming available for devices other than Pixel? Lars Jeppesen Allo MrCalifornia I wonder if there will be two user support. Would be awesome if it could recognize the difference between my wife and I and let us use different calendars, etc. steelew Whose user account does it use? In a house with 4 people, separation is a must. They haven't made any mention of it, so I'm guessing it's just one account. Andy J yup (at a time). Andy J I hope to see Logitech Media Center on here - it already supports Chromecasts so I expect they will do something..... Defenestratus I use a harmony hub through smartThings which is integrated with Home so I can control my heat pumps. Greg DePasse I (and 100's of others - https://goo.gl/KVWzkI) would like to know if Google Home (and Assistant for that matter) will work with GSuite accounts (the new Google Apps for Domain/Work etc). Assistant currently access personal details in Allo for instance, so it's not promising for those of us that pay for GSuite accounts for our families. mcdonsco Hopefully Google doesn't pull an Amazon and exclude ecobee because of nest; so far it looks that way :-/ Dn Bro I think you could try using ifttt nxtiak I have my Ecobee hooked to Smartthings Hub then to Google Home. It works. Đức Thành Would love to see some good podcast apps on that list. TuneIn is "Meh". Beast TuneIn is great for internet radio, I use it all the time :) Đức Thành I used to use TuneIn frequently, but then Pocket Casts happened. It's not perfect but it offers a significantly better experience. You should give it a try. Defenestratus Google Play Music does podcasts. Đức Thành I'm aware, but it does not in my country. xanok No Ecobee? doom Alexa can turn the temperature up or down on a Nest but can't turn the heat or cool on if it is set to off. If Google Home can do that, I'll switch right away. Beast I expect since Google bought Nest they will have full app integration as part of Google Home :) nxtiak I have an Ecobee3 thermostat and both my Alexa and Google Home is limited in what it can do the same thing it's weird. If it's on or auto it can switch, but if it's off, I can't set it to Auto. Emanuele Ricci I would really love to see an integration with Netatmo. Do you know if Google home has open APIs so I will be able to develop by my self an integration? Wikiwix I really hope Inbox comes for reminders... royrov Hoping for PocketCasts Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,....... sam1331 Hey Android Police, how about an article about which outlet plugs work? I have a TP-Link, which works fine with their app, but I've been holding off on buying anything more until I know it's compatible with Google Home. Having to unlock my phone, open the app, and then change the lights is too many steps for me to do with a smart device like lights. dhamp2g People are All these services with with very small followings when compared to google Eco system many of which who have never heard of in the general from non tech community this is aimed at the general population bill875 Support for Insteon would be nice. I have SmartThings as well for my Schlage locks, but Insteon controls some of the lighting in my house. DongoDongo Not trying to be negative but, can someone remind me why you need to "aumotate" your home, especially by voice? I can probably toggle the switch more than 10 times before you're done with a voice command. Adam Margeson Are you asking about reality, or what they're trying to sell me? They're selling me the ability to turn on/off the lights from the couch without having to get up. Not having to get up is not worth my health or however much they want for this and a couple of "smart lights". Beast Or in fact the total home automation, i.e. when you leave the house the lights turn off, when you come back they turn on, music can start to play when you come home, etc, etc. It isn't about convenience, it is about a new technological era.... :) Marko Šaric Is this an intentional oversimplification? Adam Margeson A little bit. I use Tasker to do all sorts of little automations of settings or interactions on my phone. But I'm not the average person - I like taking time to tweak and program things to make future interaction easier for myself. Most people aren't that enthusiastic about programming automation or will get frustrated with setting up rules that fit most situations properly. Example: "Arm my alarm system when I leave the house" -> the wife is still home when you walk out, the system still arms itself. "Do what I mean, not what I say," is something that comes to mind for how users want automation to work. When computer AI and sensing technology get to a much better state, we might be able to do that, but right now, proper automation takes a *lot* of patience to set up. Marko Šaric Fair enough. Defenestratus Because I can turn lights on and off without leaving my chair. For example, I Just told my Google Home "Hey Google turn on the christmas tree" and voila, its on. Its equally as useful when you want to turn on a whole room full of lights at the same time. in my Kitchen I have four different light switches that I'd need to tap in order to turn on all the lights. Instead I just say "Ok Google turn on all the kitchen lights" and bam. On. Likewise its great for dimming them. "Hey google dim the kitchen lights to 25%" Letting the dog out the back door, I go "OK google, turn on all the outside lights" turns on all of the fixtures outside. Now that I've lived with it for a few months, I don't know how I lived without it. (I have all of my switches linked through SmartThings) Leonardo Baez You don't "need" Its an option. Think of that disabled people who can switch lights, set temperature o turn on a tv just with their voice Tucker Sferro how convenient for Google that my Nexus 6 Google now voice activation from any screen is no longer available!! it visibly toggles itself off in settings, and other Nexus 6 owners have had the same issue for quite some time now. Beast Would be nice to get Hive integration, proper Cast to Sonos would be the selling point for me. Angus Marshall Your list is out of date already... Gerardo Sarabia Now if only they unified Assistant on Home and the Pixel... not gonna happen. Gotta keep things as inconsistent as possible, because Google. ChilZeg what kind of unification are you thinking??? Gerardo Sarabia Having the option of controlling other devices (chromecast, chromecast audio or chromecast built-in devices, for example) with Assistant on Pixel. Stenso Has anyone figured out how to use Reminders? "Okay Google, remind me to take the dog out?" "Okay, when would you like to be reminded? Say a place or time." "When I arrive home." "Your reminder has been set." Jon Fridman You can't use reminders via Google Home yet. I'm sure it's being worked on for a future release, or at least I hope so. Stenso This really disappointed me. I just kind of assumed this would work since it has Keep and Calendar hooks. It was a big reason I jumped ship from Echo. Fingers crossed it makes it in soon. Jon Fridman Due to an NDA I can't really comment on what Google is planning for the home in that regard. I have high hopes for my Google home and it's future abilities. BierKerl Doesn't your dog remind you to take it out quite aggressively when you get home? ;-) Leonardo Baez Lol 😂 Alec M Mine has serious issues streaming Netflix on my Asus Nexus Player. Has anyone else had the same experience with maybe a Roku or something similar? madmaglio Works fine with my gen 1 chromecast. The Home just start the stream. It's the device that would be having the issue. Alec M Yeah, I have some friends that have the small chromecasts and they work fine. I have a feeling that the issue is having a device that has Netflix as a standalone app installed. Bill Anderson Shouldn't Android TV be on this list? I know it's kind of covered by Chromecast, but then it wasn't supported until a day ago. Garrett Penfield Mine STILL doesn't work with Spotify... mrlex You spelt Philips wrong (only one l) YaKillaCJ Enabling IFTTT was a big 1. Thru this I am able to use Google Home to control Hook Automation which controls any RF device. It's making me spoiled. Vladimir Only Murica. Right? Any rumors when should it come overseas? Adam Carl Aren't you forgetting Uber? I can link my Uber account to my home Abhinav You can ask question on Quora too. JG Is there a way to get it to prefer one service over another? I haven't linked Netflix to the account the Home in the living room is connected to. Yet when I asked it to play "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" it only looks on Netflix for it. It use to have no problem pulling the album from Google Play Music (which is linked to the account). [The album BTW is basically an audio book if you don't have any video casting devices online] I got it to work after specifying GPM, but that's a bit of a mouth full. And since there is me Netflix account linked to it... Shouldn't it attempt to use an it has access to first? madmaglio I think if you say "listen to..." i think it will assume its music and not the film and use Play Music. Gregg Long There is a serious bug going on with Nest Thermostats. The Google Home can't find it - keeps saying it's unavailable. Even though Google Now can control it fine when you are out of the house. shayden Google home + Smartthings + Harmony Hub + IFTT for custom commands is all the home control I could ever want. I have an HDMI matrix and 4 TVs. I can just say "ok google set the secondary TV to Xbox" or "ok google set the sound to chromecast". And of course I can control all the lighting with my voice. And the one thing for me that puts google home far above the echo is my ability to play whole home audio with google home and chromecast audios. "ok google play my favorite music on first floor". Boom, done. PerhapsNever Ooooohhhh!!! How are you doing the input commands? I've been DYING to figure out how to expose actual Harmony controls to my GH. My setup is 3 Harmony Hubs, ST, Hue lights, and IFTTT. shayden You use IFTTT to bridge the home and the hub. The catch is whatever command you are trying to accomplish with the harmony hub has to be an activity. so I have made a ton of different activities just to do simple things like switch inputs or adjust volume. You setup IFTTT using google assistant as the "if". You can choose whatever activation command you want and can also put in different ways of saying it as well as a custom response back from the google home. you make the "then" the harmony activity that you want to run once the custom command is heard. PerhapsNever Ahhhh, gotcha. I only have about 5 activities on each of my hubs, but I never thought about making activities for a single action. GENIUS! Thanks for the reply! shayden I recommend using the desktop app vs the phone app when setting up all the activities. much easier and quicker to work with a mouse and keyboard. NoConcussion The Google Home app has been updated to include more than 50 "service" apps. Too many to list and probably memorize. Apps like games, psychotherapist, search capability, local events, social media, language training, news trends, pizza ordering, personal trainer and more. abc I'll check out Home in a few years. Let the fanboys do the full-retail price beta testing. dhamp2g Love to. Vandale Gentry You can order Domino's pizza from the Google Home! PorchSong BTW, it's "Continually" updated, not "continuously." But thank you for maintaining this list. Emanuele Ricci Still waiting for Netatmo :'( Abdulgader Badkook You forgot to mention akinator. It is available by saying "let me speak to akinator" Shahul Hameed Akbar Why isn't Shield not listed in streaming devices? I am able to cast music and YT videos from Google Home to it since December. Kevin Brosseau So the New Shield is not supported yet with casting Netflix to the box? Ruperto17 Netflix does not work with Google TV, only Chromecast at the moment. Google Home will tell me if I try to send anything to my Nexus Player. pookietookie Google Home can set calendar reminders now? dcdttu Do the Honeywell thermostats require SmartThings? (As in, are they Z-Wave?) If so, should they be a subset of SmartThings? If not, nvrmnd. Artem Russakovskii No, they're just Wi-Fi, like Nest. dcdttu Well that makes sense then. :-) Now I'm just waiting patiently for Wink to get the green light. Adam Margeson Sorry, but since GH can't connect to it, we can't set the light's color to green. /s Roy So am I missing something or is Android TV seriously not supported? Kostas 💪🎩 It's Bang & Olufsen James Ogle You've added Belkin Wemo, but it doesn't support their lightbulbs. Only their switches and power outlets. I've tried it, it doesn't recognise the Wemo Link hub or anything connected to it. bigwill_420 I see they didn't bother putting nvidia shield tv on the list. 😢 Leonardo Baez How do I use the services? mustbepbs Still can't add time to an existing timer. keithzg Remains only available in the US and UK. Dammit, Google, Canada is right here, on the same continent, and if you were worried about the spelling of "colour" on the packaging or something then you've already handled that with the UK, so what's the delay? Adam Margeson Quebec and it's requirement for French support. keithzg Yeah, but they don't have to sell it in Quebec. They already exclude certain provinces and territories from certain software and hardware products as it is, in fact. iantrich You're missing quite a few services and iHeartRadio is already integrated Anthony Chandler Any word on Sonos integration? I get that they're competitors w/ Chromecast Audio, but I've heard that Sonos is looking for tighter integration with popular services... AlRegals I really need Hulu to start working with Google Home. Ben K (digitalhigh) Ryan - you're missing my app "Flex TV'. http://phlexchat.com/get 4Ui812 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] The question now is, will Google home work with them? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I'm sorry, I won't do that yet. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Now if only it supported apps on Android TV. I really hate not being able to start Netflix shows on my SHIELD. iantrich GH no longer uses Google Keep MatchstickMan Have you guys considered putting superscript numbers next to the newer additions with a key at the bottom that states when the list was updated to reflect those additions? Mike W You should go ahead and remove Google Keep, no longer works with it. Chia iheart radio has been live for me for a couple of weeks Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 131 queries | 0.530s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. SEO & website design: Everything you need to know SEO is important to any business that operates online, and many don't realize it needs to be built into the web design process -- not added in later. Here, columnist Marcus Miller has provided a comprehensive guide to SEO and web design. Marcus Miller on April 19, 2017 at 12:33 pm More Your website is the center of your digital marketing world — the place that all digital rivers run toward. And of course, the largest of its traffic sources is generally organic search. Yet all too often, businesses don’t think about SEO until after having a website designed (or redesigned), and these sites are often sadly lacking on the SEO and digital marketing front. They may look shiny, but if the marketing smarts are not cooked in at design time, then you will be running the marketing race with a wooden leg. Or at the very least, faced with going back to the drawing board and wasting a whole load of time and money. We have been thinking about the SEO and web design connection a lot recently at Bowler Hat and have just published a website design planning guide to help in what can be a complicated process. This is a companion piece to that guide that really covers the SEO considerations in far more granular detail. In this post, I have a look at how SEO should be an integral part of your website design (or redesign) process. We are going to look at what you need to consider to have a site that is built for search marketing and lead generation — and how focusing on happy users keeps the Google gods on your side. We will also take a look at some of the common pitfalls that can befall businesses looking to build a new website that is central to your digital marketing efforts. In brief, I am going to help you ensure your next site is a lean, mean SEO and digital marketing machine. What usually happens… A phone rings at Bowler Hat HQ. Marcus: “Hey, Bowler Hat here. How can we help?” Caller: “Hi there. We have just had a website built and… we seem to have lost a considerable amount of traffic.” OR “… we don’t rank for the keywords we used to be visible for.” OR “… we are just not getting any inquiries.” OR “… we want to look at what we can do to improve our SEO.” Marcus: “Ah, okay. If you can let me know your URL and a number to call you back on, I can take a look and make some suggestions.” There is a problem here. SEO is not some band-aid you can just plaster onto an existing site. Website SEO is fundamental to succeeding online for the majority of businesses. And the same concepts that fuel solid SEO help with paid search, social and any other inbound marketing efforts. Get this wrong and you will certainly fail to hit your digital marketing goals. Developing an SEO-friendly website At a fundamental level, an SEO-friendly site is one that allows a search engine to explore and read pages across the site. Ensuring a search engine can easily crawl and understand your content is the first step to ensuring your visibility in the search engine result pages. A search engine utilizes a web crawler for this task, and we are trying to work with the search engines rather than against them. Unfortunately, there are many ways to make a website, and not all technologies are built with search engine optimization in mind. Building an SEO-friendly site requires careful planning and a structured approach to representing your business and the services you provide. For many businesses, this can be complicated — it’s not always easy to document exactly what you do. As a marketing tool, your website should be built upon a solid digital marketing plan with a clear business model and value proposition. If that’s unclear, then you need to revisit that first. Assuming you have all that good stuff in place, let’s dive in. Fundamentals There are a few core elements that set the stage for a well-optimized website design process. Domains Your business may use example.com as the primary domain. But you may have others. Ensuring your domain makes sense and relates to what you do is super-important. Ensuring that all variations and subdomains correctly point at the main site and redirect to a single canonical version of the site is important. Our business is called Bowler Hat. We operate in the UK. We are a web-based business. It naturally follows that our domain is www.bowlerhat.co.uk. All subdomains 301 redirect back to the main URL www.bowlerhat.co.uk. We have few domain variations that 301 redirect back to the main URL. This all makes sense. Don’t be fooled into thinking that having-my-keywords-in-my-domain.com helps. It just looks daft. It can help a little for local businesses, but ensure you are mapping to the real world. Be sensible. Hosting Your hosting is also important. A slow site makes for unhappy users. Your hosting should follow common-sense rules. Be situated where your audience is situated. Be fast. Be platform-specific, if necessary. WP Engine is a great example, as it provides a platform tailored to WordPress websites. CMS The CMS (content management system) you choose for your business can hugely influence how successful you are. WordPress is a great option in many situations, but it’s not the only one. It certainly is wired up at a basic level in a way that Google can understand. This is not to say it is the best choice for all situations, but certainly, it’s a good starting point for most businesses. Just be sure that the CMS you choose is the right one for your situation, rather than the one your chosen web company prefers to work with. Crawling & accessibility The first step is ensuring a search engine can crawl your site and understand what it is that you do (and where you do it). Indexation To understand your site, they have to be able to read the content of the page. This means that the main content of your site should be text-based behind the scenes. Not images. Not flash or video. Even in this ever-advancing world, your main content should still be text-based. There are some great tools, like web fonts, that mean you can still look the part, and your images have a place, but be sure to talk in clear language about what it is you do so the search engine can read and understand your offering. Images, videos, PDFs and content are also important and can be a source of search engine traffic. Again, these need to be discoverable and indexable. Link structure To index your content beyond the home page, you need internal links that the search engine can crawl. Your primary navigation, search engine directives and tools like XML sitemaps all help the search engine crawl your site and discover new pages. Tools like Screaming Frog can help you ensure that your site can be easily crawled by a search engine. Information architecture and structuring your site I have always like the filing cabinet analogy for website structure. Your site is the filing cabinet. The major categories are the drawers. The subcategories are the folders in the drawers. The pages are documents in the folders. Cabinet: your website Drawer: high-level category Folder: subcategory File: individual document/page Context is indicated not only by the site it exists on but also by the position within that site. Our own site has a drawer for services, and each service has sub-services in folders. Your site will be largely the same. If we consider the following structure of the Bowler Hat site as an example: Home – Services – – Service Area – – – Individual Service Home – Services – – SEO – – – SEO Audits So, there is a page in this information architecture that is simply /audits/. The /audits/ page exists in the SEO folder in the services drawer. Nice and organized. This can follow through with other SEO elements to clearly indicate context far beyond that which can be indicated by the document alone. This is relevant to blog posts, articles, FAQ content, services, locations and just about anything else that is an entity within your business. You are looking to structure the information about your business in a way that makes it understandable. Some sites may take a deep approach to structuring content. Others may take a wide approach. The important takeaway here is that things should be organized in a way that makes sense and simplifies navigation and discovery. A three- to four-level approach like this ensures that most content can be easily navigated to within four clicks and tends to work better than a deeper approach to site navigation (for users and search engines). URLs Context is further indicated by the URL. A sensible naming convention helps provide yet more context for humans and search engines. Following are two hypothetical sets of URLs that could map to the Services > SEO > SEO Audit path laid out above — yet one makes sense, and the other does nothing to help. www.example.com www.example.com/services/ www.example.com/services/seo/ www.example.com/services/seo/audits/ www.example.com www.example.com/s123/ www.example.com/s123/s1/ www.example.com/s123/s1/75/ Of course, the second set of URLs is a purposely daft example, but it serves a point — the first URL naming convention helps both search engines and users, and the second one hinders. Navigation Your navigation is equally important. When a site is well-structured, the navigation works with the structure, the URLs and other components, like XML sitemaps, to help solidify what each page or piece of content is about. Navigation is more than just the menu at the top of your website. It is how you signpost users to the most relevant part of your site. Navigation can be a tool to raise awareness of additional services and includes not just text links but content on all pages and in the templated design elements of your site. I have always liked the signpost analogy. I walk into a supermarket and look for the signs to find what I need. Your website is no different. If a user is referred and searches for your brand name, then they will land on your home page. They then need a signpost to get them to the relevant service. And it had better be easy to find! It is very easy to get this wrong, and careful thought must be applied — before you build the site — regarding the needs and wants of your users. A website is a digital component that should execute the strategy from your marketing plan. Understanding users here is crucial so you can ensure you are meeting their needs. Navigation should not need any real cognition — it should not make the user have to think. The following image is a sign from my local home improvement store. Which direction takes you to the car park and which direction takes you to the deliveries entrance? My brain follows the “customer car park” line from left to right, so I of course turn right. However, the customer car park is to the left. There is nothing there to clearly illustrate which is right or wrong. I have to think. Or in practice, I go in the wrong direction a few times before I learn. However, if users don’t find what they are looking for on a website, they will return to the great ocean of competition that Google search results represent. Ensure your navigation is crystal-clear — if one user can make a mistake, many others can, too. Common problems There are many potential issues with content that can’t be found or can’t be understood by the search engine that can work against you. For example: Orphaned content that can’t be found Content only available via site search Flash files, Java programs, audio files, video files AJAX* and flashy site effects Frames — Content embedded from another site can be problematic. Subdomains — content split into subdomains rather than sub-folders * Google has gotten a lot better at reading AJAX pages, but it is still possible to obscure content with pointless effects. Be sure that important content is easily discoverable, understandable and sits in the overall structure of the site in a way that makes sense. Summary If everything is done well, a human and a search engine should have a pretty good idea what a page is about before they even look at it. Your typical SEO then just builds on this solid foundation that is laid out by your information architecture and site structure. Mobile-friendly design The most popular device used to conduct internet searches and to browse websites is the mobile phone. We live in a mobile-first age. Sites optimized for search engines should give equal consideration to the mobile layouts of their websites (rather than just bolting on simple responsive website design). Yet, in 2017, responsive design is not enough. We were talking about the importance of responsive website design in 2012. Five years later, with massive technological progress and greatly improved mobile data networks, your future customers are using mobile as the first, and often only, device to interact with your business. To create a truly mobile-friendly design and maximize results from mobile search, you must think of the needs and wants of mobile users. What a user will do on a phone is often far different from what they will do on a computer. And even if your conversions tend to be on a desktop, that crucial first touch may well be on mobile. A few months back, I looked at 28 key factors in creating mobile SEO-friendly websites that will help you move beyond simple mobile-friendly responsive design. From an SEO perspective, it is worth noting that mobile-friendliness is a confirmed ranking factor for mobile search, and it is the mobile version of your site that will be used by the search engine to review and rank your site. However, far more important, mobile is how your prospective customers are searching for and browsing your site. Work hard on optimizing the user experience for mobile users and you will reap the rewards for your efforts in terms of traffic and user engagement. Page speed Another key consideration in the mobile era is page speed. Users may be impatient, or they may not always have a great mobile data connection. Ensuring your pages are lean and mean is a key consideration in modern SEO-friendly website design. A great starting point is Google’s mobile-friendly test. This tool will give you feedback on mobile-friendliness, mobile speed and desktop speed. It also wraps everything up into a handy little report detailing what exactly you can do to speed things up. I went into a little more detail on how to optimize for speed in a recent column on mobile optimization. Suffice it to say, page speed is yet another important consideration that spans how your site is built and the quality and suitability of the hosting you use. Usability Web usability is a combination of other factors: device-specific design, page speed, design conventions and an intuitive approach to putting the site together with the end user in mind. Key factors to consider include: Page layout. Important elements should have more prominence. Visual hierarchy. Make more important elements bigger! Home page and site navigation. Clearly signpost directions for users. Site search. Large sites need a sensibly positioned search option. Form entry. Make forms as lightweight and easy to fill as possible. Design. Great design makes everything easier. This is just scratching the surface here, and usability really has to be customized to the individual site. A couple of resources I would check out would be the book, “Don’t Make Me Think: A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability,“ by Steve Krug and my mobile optimization checklist. The content marketing funnel Your website has a hell of a job to do: it must help your business get in front of prospective customers on search engines, and then it has to engage and convert those customers. Your site needs content to help with all of these stages of the customer journey. Content and SEO is an important combination here, as you may get in front of a customer as they look for similar services from another company they are already considering. A structured way to consider the content you need here is a typical marketing funnel: Awareness — top of the funnel Awareness content will typically be your blog and informational articles. We are helping your prospective customer understand the problems they face and illustrating your experience and credibility in solving them. Blog posts Informational articles Webinars Comprehensive guides FAQs Consideration — middle of the funnel The content at the consideration stage helps your prospect compare you against the other offerings out there. This tends to be practical content that helps the customer make a decision. Case studies Product or service information Product demonstration videos User guides Conversion — bottom of the funnel Bottom-of-the-funnel content drives conversions and should gently encourage a sale or lead. Reviews Testimonials Free trial Free consultation Remember that customers will search across this entire spectrum of content types. Therefore, ensuring all of these areas are covered aids discovery via search engines, consideration and conversion. SEO nuts & bolts As you can see, there is a lot to consider before we even look at the more familiar elements of optimizing your site and pages. We should only really start to think about keywords and basic on-page optimization once we have this solid foundation in place. And hopefully, if we have structured everything correctly, then the actual optimization of the pages becomes far easier. Keyword targeting Nailing your keyword strategy is so much easier once you have a solid structure without internal duplication. If we look at our previous examples for site hierarchy and structure, then adding keywords is relatively straightforward (and is something we would often do in a spreadsheet pre-design). – Services – – SEO – – – SEO Audits www.example.com/services/ www.example.com/services/seo/ www.example.com/services/seo/audits/ If I use these pages as an example, we have a natural progression from broad keywords to more refined search terms. We can even consider basic modifiers such as location if we are a local business. Home – digital marketing agency – digital marketing company + Birmingham + UK Services – marketing services – digital marketing services + Birmingham + UK SEO – SEO – Search Engine Optimization + Company + Agency + Birmingham + UK SEO Audits – SEO Audits – Technical SEO Audits + Agency + Company + Birmingham The point here is that a well-structured site gets you a good way toward determining your keyword strategy. You still have to do the research and copywriting, but you can be sure you have a solid strategy to target broad and more detailed terms. HTML title tags The <title> tag is the primary behind-the-scenes tag that can influence your search engine results. In fact, it is the only meta tag that actually influences position directly. Best practice for title tags are as follows: Place keywords at the beginning of the tag. Keep length around 50 to 60 characters. Use keywords and key phrases in a natural manner. Use dividers to separate elements like category and brand. Focus on click-through and the end user. Have a consistent approach across the site. Even in 2017, we still see a lot of overoptimized page titles. We want our keywords in the title tag, but not at the expense of click-through and human readability. A search engine may rank your content, but a human clicks on it, so keep that in mind. Meta description tags Meta descriptions don’t directly influence rankings. We all know that, right? But of course, that is completely missing the point here. Your meta description is the content of your advertisement for that page in a set of search engine results. Your meta description is what wins you the click. And winning those clicks can help improve visibility and is absolutely vital in driving more users to your pages. Meta descriptions must: truthfully describe the page content. advertise the page and improve click-through rates. consider the user’s thought process and why they will click on this page. include keywords where relevant and natural to do so. The search engine will highlight search terms in your page title and meta description which help a user scan the page. Don’t use this as an excuse to spam the meta description, though, or else Google likely will ignore it, and it won’t lead to that all-important click! There are also situations where it can make sense not to create a meta description and let the search engine pull content from the page to form a description that more accurately maps to a user’s search. Your brief meta description can’t always cover all the options for a longer-form piece of content, so keep this in mind. Heading tags Heading tags help structure the page and indicate hierarchy in a document: H1, H2, H3 and so on. Text in heading tags correlates with improved rankings (albeit slightly), but what really matters is that alignment between the structure of the site, behind the scenes optimization like page titles and meta descriptions and the content itself. Line everything up, and things make more sense for users, and we help search engines categorize our content while eking out every last bit of simple, on-page optimization we can. Remember to align header tags with the visual hierarchy. Meaning the most important header on the page (typically the <h1>) should also be the biggest text element on the page. You are making the document visually easy to understand here and further ensuring that design and content are working together for the best end result. Page content The content should generally be the most important part of the page. However, we still see archaic SEO practices like overt keyword density and search terms with a lack of connective words used in the copy. This does not work. It certainly does not help with your SEO. And it makes for a poor user experience. We want to make sure the context of our page is clear. Our navigation, URLs, page titles, headers and so on should all help here. Yet we want to write naturally, using synonyms and natural language. Focus on creating great content that engages the user. Be mindful of keywords, but certainly don’t overdo it. Considerations for page content: Keywords in content (but don’t overdo it) Structure of the page Position of keywords in the content — earlier can be better Synonyms and alternatives Co-occurrence of keywords — what else would other high-quality documents include? Rich snippets Rich snippets are a powerful tool to increase click-through rates. We are naturally attracted to listings that stand out in the search engine results. Anything you can do to improve the click-through rate drives more users and makes your search engine listings work harder. Factor in possible ranking improvements from increased engagement, and you can have a low-input, high-output SEO tactic. The snippets that are most relevant to your business will depend on what you do, but schema.org is a great place to start. Image optimization Image SEO can drive a substantial amount of traffic in the right circumstances. And again, our thoughts regarding context are important here. Google does not (yet) use the content of images, so context within the site and the page and basic optimization are crucial here. As an example, I am looking for a hobbit hole playhouse for my five-year-old, and the search brings up image results: I can dive right into those image results and find a multitude of options, then use the image to drive me to the site that sells the playhouse. Optimizing your images increases the chance of improving prominence in the image search results. Image optimization is technically straightforward: Image name — provide a name that clearly describes what the image is. Alt text — use descriptive alt text to help those who can’t see the images to reinforce the image content. Add OpenGraph and Twitter Cards so the image is used in social shares. Use the image at the right physical size to ensure fast downloads. Optimize the image’s file size to improve loading times. Consider adding images to your XML sitemap. Image optimization is relatively simple. Keep the images relevant. Don’t spam the filenames and alt text with keywords. Be descriptive. Common problems SEO projects at Bowler Hat often include an SEO audit as the first port of call. We can’t cover every eventuality here, but the following are the usual suspects that crop up and that web designers should be mindful of. Duplicate content There tend to be two kinds of duplicate content: true duplicates and near-duplicates. True duplicates are where the content exists in multiple places (different pages, sites, subdomains and so on). Near-duplicates can be thin content or substantially similar content — think of a business with multiple locations or shoes listed on a unique page in different sizes. Keyword cannibalization Keyword cannibalization refers to the situation where multiple pages target the same keywords. This can impact the ability of your site to have one page that strongly targets a given term. Where the site architecture and hierarchy has been carefully planned, you should eliminate this during the planning and design stages. Domains, subdomains and protocols Another potential issue where duplication crops up is where the site is available on multiple domains, subdomains and protocols. Consider a business with two domains: Example.com Example.co.uk With www and non-www versions: Example.com Example.co.uk www.example.com www.example.co.uk And the site runs on HTTP and HTTPS: http://example.com http://example.co.uk http://www.example.com http://www.example.co.uk https://example.com https://example.co.uk https://www.example.com https://www.example.co.uk Before too long, we can get to a situation where the site has eight potential variations. Factor in the site resolving on any subdomain and a few duff internal links and we can often add things like “ww.example.com” to the list above. These kinds of issues are simply resolved with URL redirections, but again, they deserve consideration by any web design agency that takes care of hosting and is serious about the SEO of their customers’ websites. Botched canonical URLs Another common issue we see is an incorrect implementation of canonical URLs. What typically happens here is that the person building the site looks at canonical URLs as an SEO checklist kind of job. They are implemented by dynamically inserting the URL in the address bar into the canonical URL. This is fundamentally flawed in that we can end up with the site running on multiple URLs, each with a canonical URL claiming that they are the authoritative version. So the canonical implementation exacerbates rather than resolves the issue. Canonical URLs are a powerful tool when wielded wisely, yet they must be used properly or they can make matters worse. Questions or comments? There are a lot of moving parts with website design and SEO. But to be forewarned is to be forearmed. My goal here was to furnish you with the key SEO elements to consider before, during and after a website design project. I would love to hear any questions or comments on Twitter or LinkedIn. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Marcus Miller Marcus Miller is an experienced SEO and PPC consultant based in Birmingham, UK. Marcus focuses on strategy, audits, local SEO, technical SEO, PPC and just generally helping businesses dominate search and social. Marcus is managing director of the UK SEO and digital marketing company Bowler Hat and also runs wArmour aka WordPress Armour which focuses on helping WordPress owners get their security, SEO and site maintenance dialled in without breaking the bank. Popular Stories 6 types of negative SEO to watch out for 4 tips to maximize content marketing performance The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Patent 2 of 2: How Google learns to guide purchasing decisions Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Content & WritingSEO: Crawling and RobotsSEO: Domains & URLsSEO: Mobile SearchSEO: Site SpeedSEO: Titles & Descriptions Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Enter the MarTech Caption Contest Here's your chance to contribute and be recognized for your own martech sense of humor by participating in the MarTech Cartoon Caption Contest. Submit your caption entry by Thursday, April 27 for a chance to win. Submit Your Caption White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Is Ripoff Report subverting Google take-downs? Previously de-indexed Ripoff Report pages are reappearing and ranking prominently again in Google. Columnist Chris Silver Smith takes a close look at how the site is eluding Google’s page removal processes and how defamation victims — and Google — can fight back. Chris Silver Smith on April 19, 2017 at 1:20 pm More Anyone familiar with online reputation issues is surely aware of Ripoff Report, a site long considered one of the most destructive on the web when it comes to people’s and companies’ reputations. Ripoff Report has a well-established practice of refusing any and all demands to remove defamatory materials from its website. Now it’s going even further, moving content around to different URLs after Google has removed the originals from its index to comply with a court order. The result: the content, though declared defamatory in a court of law, could still be accessible through Google. The business model As I have outlined previously in articles about online defamation, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act immunizes some types of websites from responsibility/liability for content posted on them by third parties. Essentially, “distributors” of content provided by others cannot be compelled to remove such content, except when copyright infringement is involved. Ripoff Report, and a number of other websites, have created a niche industry based on the Section 230 protection. Such sites invite people to anonymously post reviews and comments. In practice, Ripoff Report and other similar sites almost universally elicit only negative “reviews,” and simply being mentioned on these types of sites automatically confers some reputation damage because of the website’s name. It’s not named “Independent Reports” or “Consumer Reports” or anything neutral — thus, everyone listed therein must be a “Ripoff.” I’ve mentioned that Ripoff Report will not remove content, but you can pay large fees for “VIP Arbitration” services where they might remove mentions of you, de-optimize your page so it does not rank prominently in search results, and/or post editorial commentary indicating the things written about you might not be accurate. Since they will not remove it if someone defames you on their site, one would think that the most effective recourse would be to obtain a court order that identifies the pages as being defamatory, and then petition Google to remove the Ripoff Report page from their search results. (Google recently seemed to suspend removals of defamatory content for a period, but they have been resuming some removals once more.) For years now, a number of defamation victims have gotten relief through Google’s voluntary removal process, after they obtained properly executed court orders specifying defamatory URLs. Both businesses and individuals that have been severely damaged by malicious and dishonest things written about them on Ripoff Report have been able to make such content virtually disappear by asking Google to de-index the pages from their search results. I don’t have access to statistics, but from the samples of court orders I have seen in the past handful of years, Ripoff Report pages de-indexed through Google’s take-down process could easily number in the thousands. The Google de-indexation effect Ripoff Report could not possibly like this situation. The site and its operators have long positioned themselves as protectors of free speech and consumer sentiment, all the while refusing to remove some content that is demonstrably dishonest and highly destructive to businesses and individuals. But Ripoff Report is a money-making enterprise, and the situations created by the Section 230 protections have left a void where defamation victims often are left with little or no legal recourse. Ripoff Report exploits this lacuna for profit. And, as with many online businesses, traffic levels to a website correlate directly with revenues. Higher familiarity with the RipoffReport.com brand results in more people using it to vent complaints, which results in more “VIP Arbitration” fees and in larger amounts of revenue derived from the advertisements found on the site’s pages. Undoing the de-indexation of page URLs In recent months, Ripoff Report has apparently instituted a few changes in an to attempt to undo the de-indexation of its pages in Google due to court-ordered take-down requests. Many of Google’s systems use page URLs as the unique identifiers for web pages. Google’s systems basically rely upon the URL as a sort of page ID code. As such, when Google decides to remove a page from its search results, it does so based on the page’s URL. (Google can, of course, also remove pages based on a common domain name, but I believe the take-downs for copyright infringement, and for other reasons such as defamation and porn revenge removal requests, are all based on individual page URLs.) The weakness of Google’s page removal system is that it’s reliant upon fairly stable page URLs. Because if an URL changes, then its web page abruptly has a whole new ID code — one that is not suppressed from search results. Ripoff Report has apparently figured out that by changing some characters in de-indexed page URLs, they can magically restore their pages to appear in the search results once more. I’ve now heard reports from a number of attorneys whose dismayed clients have contacted them when previously de-indexed Ripoff Report pages abruptly began appearing and ranking prominently in Google once more. A porn revenge client that I have occasionally assisted on a pro bono basis contacted me again recently, in large part because a couple of Ripoff Report pages that had previously been de-indexed in Google have begun ranking once more for her name searches. The apparent reason? Ripoff Report has changed a number of characters in the URL. Now, it’s not unusual for large websites to publish changes to page URLs. There can be many reasons for page URL changes to occur. It’s possible for only scattered pages on a site to see URL changes — such as if a programmer alters how only a few characters are encoded, for instance. Indeed, it seems that Ripoff Report has optimized for mobile not long ago, and that this effort also spawned a large number of duplicates of existing pages, each with a mobile-version URL. (Example: “http://m.ripoffreport.com/reports/…”) The mobile optimization produced one source of duplicate pages that got indexed anew, but it was not the only cause of previously de-indexed pages that have become reintroduced into search. Intentional subversion? Let us not kid ourselves — I believe that Ripoff Report has intentionally been changing page URLs to elude Google’s page removal processes. When de-indexed page URLs began shifting to new locations, Ripoff Report also began posting a paragraph at the beginning of de-indexed articles stating that there has been legal action and that a court order was obtained. But it also questioned the legitimacy of court orders. In and of itself, this statement wouldn’t necessarily be a big deal, except that it’s happening in context with the page URL changes. Here’s an example of what Ripoff Report is posting at the beginning of de-indexed articles now: Editor’s Comment: Ripoff Report believes in transparency and the more information the better. In this instance there has been court action regarding this subject Report. We believe it important to note that not all Court Orders are alike. Many court orders are absolutely legitimate. However, sometimes courts enter orders based upon default which typically means that the defendant didn’t show up. Sometimes a defendant won’t show up because they didn’t even get notice of the case proceedings in the first place and other times defendants may not show up because they don’t necessarily have the knowledge and/or the financial resources to fight. Still, in other instances, a defendant may simply appear only to stipulate (settle) the case by agreeing to stipulate to a court order because they are being bullied by the plaintiff and whether what they said was true or not, they just want the matter to go away so they can move on with life and make the plaintiff go away. We are providing you all with the same information so that you may be more informed and, coupled with any additional research you feel is necessary, make your own informed decision regarding the validity of this Report. As always, we encourage our readers to do their homework and not just rely on one single source for information. Google, through the Lumen Database, has provided the following document relating to this subject Report: … As you may have encountered in Google’s search results at some point, when there has been a legal action to de-index content from Google, they will post a notice at the bottom of the associated keyword search results page linking to the Lumen Database: In response to a legal request submitted to Google, we have removed 8 result(s) from this page. If you wish, you may read more about the request at LumenDatabase.org. The fact that Ripoff Report has now added this editor’s comment in conjunction with Google’s notice of legal action and removal of identified search results is telling. It seems clear that Ripoff Report is now monitoring either for the notices posted on Google search results or for mentions of Ripoff Report URLs in the Lumen Database itself. And, once they find a mention of a take-down, they post links to the legal documents from the associated Ripoff Report pages. Outing reports’ authors What’s ironic about the situation is that by doing this, Ripoff Report is further “outing” the identities of some of the authors of their reports. This because the links to the court documents inevitably expose the authors. Ripoff Report has long tried to represent that they are nobly dedicated to free speech and safeguarding contributors’ rights to anonymity, but this practice goes against that stated goal. Ripoff Report’s actions have exposed a serious flaw in Google’s page removal system. Since the URL is used as a page ID, webmasters have the ability to make up a completely new ID for any page that has gotten de-indexed. Obviously, the operators of web pages that get removed may not want this to happen, and it’s all too easy for them to circumvent it through endless URL alterations. Ripoff Report’s response I invited Ripoff Report to comment on whether they are changing page URLs to enable their pages to once again be available in search after Google has removed them due to defamation court orders. And I also asked them about how they are now revealing their authors’ names in some instances, despite how their site states that it will not do so unless legally required. Interestingly, Anette J. Beebe, the in-house counsel for Ripoff Report, responded to my question about the URL change without directly answering it affirmatively or negatively. Instead, she pointed out that it is common for sites to change URLs and that Ripoff Report has done so at various times in its history. For instance, she provided a legacy URL such as this (we replaced ID numbers and subject names in the links they provided to us in order to avoid adding link weight to the articles): http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/ripoffXXXXX.htm Which later became this after site URL changes: http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/furniture-furnishings/name-of-company/name-of-company-here-XX-XXXXX Of course, this is not the type of change I am referring to in the current situations. Any SEO professional could compare those example URLs and expect those types of modifications over time in order to better optimize a site for search. Keywords specific to the article page were introduced (“name-of-company”…) while some less-valuable characters were removed (“.htm”), and topic categorization keywords were also added (“/furniture-furnishings”). I expect the modifications shown in their past examples may well have been normal, expectable changes in evolving the site to function more effectively in search. But some of the current changes do not suggest such a commonplace explanation. I expect the modifications shown in their past examples may well have been normal. But some of the current changes do not suggest such a commonplace explanation. For example, here is a URL formatted exactly like the one involving my porn revenge client which Google had removed a few years ago: http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/jane-doe/columbus-ohio-43004/jane-doe-jane-janey-doe-gold-digger-false-accuser-habitual-perjurer-liar-sl-1000000 And, here is the more recent URL that her attorney requested that Google remove again: http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/jane-doe/columbus-ohio-43004/jane-doe-jane-janey-doe-gold-digger-false-accuser-habitual-perjurer-liar-s-1000000 If you are looking closely, you’ll see that the most recent URL differs by just a single character — it is one “l” shorter. I’ve worked in IT for over 20 years, and I’d be hard-put to find any reasonable explanation for this URL change other than an effort to avoid the de-indexing. The URLs appear to include the article titles as part of the keyword sequence, along with a numerical page ID number at the end. Beebe’s additional comments seem to implicitly acknowledge the motivation that I am ascribing to this: the recent URL changes have likely been done in order to elude Google’s content removal actions. Read on to see what I mean. When asked about this, Ms. Beebe responded by soap-boxing some about how fraudulently obtained court orders are a big problem: “Second, as for our reasons for updating URLs, there are many, but I’ll just address the one I think you’re most interested in based upon your questions — the idea that ROR is somehow trying to evade the legal system by changing URLs which, of course, has the effect of restoring de-indexed URLs. Let me be clear — fraudulently obtained court orders are a VERY serious (and growing) problem, not just for Ripoff Report but for all websites that host potentially negative speech.” It would seem that this response is providing an argument for why they should do such URL changes. Without directly stating a “yes” or “no”, Ripoff Report seems to be conveying that if we changed URLs to restore our de-indexed pages in search results, we would be justified in doing so, because some removal orders out there were obtained through defrauding courts. Beebe went on to provide a description and a link to a blog post by attorney Paul Levy who, along with Eugene Volokh, had investigated a number of questionable court-ordered content removals. He wrote about how the operator of a black-hat reputation firm had settled lawsuits brought against him and agreed to get the fraudulently obtained court orders vacated. As I described in my earlier article, “Paradigm shift: Has Google suspended defamation removals?”, there has indeed been abuse of process on the part of some online reputation agencies and attorneys. If a particular URL removal was later revealed to be unjustified due to a fraudulent court order, then certainly I would imagine that Google would be open to restoring it. But I would imagine the proper process would be for a site to send Google a request to restore the URL, rather than attempting to manipulate and dodge Google’s systems. Since Ripoff Report is not directly agreeing to or denying my assertion that they have changed URLs for this purpose, it’s unclear how they’ve determined when to use the URL change technique. Based on my knowledge of the porn revenge client’s perfectly legitimate case, it looks like Ripoff Report isn’t confining these changes to cases in which the court process was abused. Ripoff Report’s counsel went on to respond to my query about why they are now linking to court order documents that reveal the identity of article authors, when their expressed policy is not to disclose authors’ names unless legally required. Their response was: “Among other things, Ripoff Report’s promise to protect an author’s anonymity is intended to protect companies from unmasking the real names of people who post reviews about them. That has not changed. However, once a company, through a proper subpoena or otherwise obtains an author’s name, there is nothing for Ripoff Report to protect anymore. In fact, if it got to a court order, it’s already part of a public record — the court record. Further, you are assuming that all of the court order documents actually name the real author as a defendant. Fake court orders, or John Doe default orders, aren’t necessarily naming the real author so, in those cases, the real author’s anonymity is still protected.” So, when the author’s name is unmasked elsewhere, Ripoff Report no longer feels bound by its own promise to site users to protect an author’s anonymity. I think this is pretty assumptive and disingenuous. It’s troubling that Ripoff Report on one hand states, “Sometimes a defendant won’t show up because they didn’t even get notice of the case proceedings in the first place and other times defendants may not show up because they don’t necessarily have the knowledge and/or the financial resources to fight.” But, on the other hand, they will further expose the articles’ authors based on court documents, even though they are claiming that some of these court orders were baseless. So, which is it? If you believe the court order is valid, then stop posting additional materials on the content on your website defaming the victims (adding the court order content is undeniably an optimization). Or, if you believe your articles’ authors, stop spreading their names further. You cannot have things both ways and pretend to some sort of integrity. There’s been some improvement Now, in defending Ripoff Report, Beebe also related some other areas where the site has evolved, pointing out that they will redact victims’ names in some instances now: “Notwithstanding the foregoing, in [an] effort to help address some issues we were seeing Ripoff Report has been implementing and testing different policies. For example, with our Court Order Policy, as long as the order complies with the same, Ripoff Report will redact out the specifically identified information that was found by the court to be false and defamatory and place in an Editorial Comment that explains the situation. If there are cases of pure harassment/bullying/stalking, and we obtain enough information (often accompanied by police report and/or other information) where we, within our discretion perceive it as such, then we will update the posting under our test/pilot perceived harassment policy … Indeed, I believe we have come a long way from where we used to be in the last two and a half years.” Grudgingly, I have to agree: Ripoff Report has improved in this respect and is a little less icky now. They redacted the name of my porn revenge victim client from the article her harasser had posted on the site as a real case in point. This was a good move and is a move in the right direction. I commend them on doing this. But, unfortunately for the porn revenge victim, Google had not updated its search results to exclude her name from appearing in cached versions of the page, nor had it stopped the article from appearing as a result for searches for her name (which wouldn’t need to be done when the page was deindexed), so when Ripoff Report changed its URLs, the article defaming her abruptly reappeared high in the search results. So, while they helped her on one hand by removing her name, they caused her harm once more when they changed a bunch of their URLs to undo Google’s take-downs. If Ripoff Report wants to be perceived as a protector of consumers and underdogs, they need to go about things in the right way. They would need to petition Google to reinstate specific URLs where there was indication of a fraudulent court process, rather than using a crafty, black-hat approach to sidestepping take-downs. If they had chosen to only request specific URLs be reinstated, my porn revenge client would not have been damaged yet again by the machinery of the Ripoff Report website. Google needs to take action If Google does not want their policing actions to be negated, they clearly need to develop something to stop it. For one thing, disclosing court-ordered removals via the Lumen Database and in notices posted in the related search results is perhaps not the best idea. This is now alerting bad players in the online ecosystem that action has been taken, enabling them to try to execute countermeasures. In the cases of a number of defamation victims, it’s also something of a jerk move. On one hand, Google is saying, “We agree that this defamation is so bad that even though we are not legally required to, we are removing it from our search results.” On the other hand, they’re then posting links to the Lumen Database where the very same links are listed. Yes, I get that this is great when you’re talking about governments trying to suppress free speech, or when SLAPP lawsuits may be at play. But I do not think it’s cool to be re-exposing the very damaging and noncontroversial stuff that you’ve agreed to take down in the first place. Right this minute, as I’m writing this, I’m viewing the Lumen Database entry of that porn revenge client of mine that I mentioned earlier. When those Ripoff Report pages about her reappeared in Google, her attorney submitted removal requests to Google once again last month. I’ll redact identifiable names and slightly alter this sentence from the first paragraph of that court order so that you can understand what it is that I’m talking about: It is clear to the Court that the Defendant, _______, has engaged in an extensive campaign to defame, harass, stalk, impersonate, and invade the privacy of Ms. _____. The Defendant’s unlawful actions have placed her in danger for her safety. In fact, that defendant did some substantial jail time for what he did, which included criminal activities that went well beyond a mere online reputation attack. We know he posted the damaging items because the police found the materials when they subpoenaed the contents of his family’s home and inspected the files on his computers there. Remember how Google publicly declared that they would remove porn revenge for victims without requiring court orders? Well, this victim had to get a court order because her ordeal happened prior to Google’s policy. Also, my understanding is that porn revenge victims can directly request removals of indexed images and videos, but they still need a court order when text is involved. (When my client was victimized, her harasser very unhelpfully published both written material and images throughout the web.) Using URLs is a problem Google using page URLs as IDs is clearly a serious problem when it comes to removing content from search results. Google likely needs to turn its innovative development to this area, as it has with spammers, and come up with something effective that cannot be so easily negated. This problem should concern more than victims of defamation and porn revenge. This issue is also coming up where DMCA copyrighted content removal requests are concerned. Content pirates can use the very same means to dodge removal enforcement procedures. Google probably needs to evolve toward a removal system that is based upon pattern recognition to identify and suppress pages that are detected to contain disallowed materials. Why should victims have to repeatedly come back with more requests to remove the stuff that Google previously agreed to remove? The costs for victims seem to keep mounting over time, and they have to maintain an ongoing vigilance for the reappearance of stuff that they thought had already been resolved. Sure, I recognize the inherent issues and complexities with a pattern-based system, but I suspect Google has the technical ability to implement such a system. Perhaps it could be a hybrid of a pattern-recognition system combined with information on domains and their URLs. One final note — one wonders if Ripoff Report has finally pushed the envelope so far that they may be undermining the immunity they have enjoyed thus far. Section 230 protects mere distributors of content, but one could argue that Ripoff Report is now doing more than just facilitating user-generated content. By adding commentary to a Ripoff Report page to imply that the court order regarding it might not be valid or trustworthy, they perhaps begin to be a content author or a collaborator with the author rather than just a publishing platform. Note: I also reached out to Google and the Lumen Database for comments about these issues, and at the time of publication, they had not responded. If they do provide any comments, I’ll update this article. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Chris Silver Smith Chris Smith is President of Argent Media, and serves on advisory boards for Universal Business Listing and FindLaw. Follow him @si1very on Twitter and see more of his writing on reputation management on Marketing Land. Popular Stories SEO & website design: Everything you need to know Is Ripoff Report subverting Google take-downs? 6 types of negative SEO to watch out for The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Enter the MarTech Caption Contest Here's your chance to contribute and be recognized for your own martech sense of humor by participating in the MarTech Cartoon Caption Contest. Submit your caption entry by Thursday, April 27 for a chance to win. Submit Your Caption White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search With O'Reilly Gone, All Eyes on Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 37 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Intel, Tecate, Audi and More 1 hour ago Array 0 Four Things to Expect From Maurice Levy's Last Earnings Call on Thursday By Emma Hall - 1 hour ago Array 0 Lowdown: These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 2 hours ago Array 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 2 hours ago Array 0 These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check 2 hours ago 0 With O'Reilly Gone, All Eyes on Advertisers By Jeanine Poggi - 37 minutes ago 0 Financial Times Says Paid Posts Up 400% Following Acquisition of Alpha Grid By George Slefo - 2 hours ago 0 In a Fight to Stay Relevant, Niche Cable Nets Bank on Audience Targeting By Jeanine Poggi - 4 hours ago 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 10 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 2 days ago 0 'Consumers Are Angry': Understanding the Internet Backlash Over Snapchat By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Marketing Technology Explained: Everything You Need Know By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Why Snapchat Might Be the Next Twitter (Not in a Good Way) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Lowdown: These Brands Slipped Through YouTube's Safety Check Published on April 19, 2017. The Lowdown is Ad Age's weekly look at news nuggets from across the world of marketing, including trends, campaign tidbits, executive comings and goings and more. Hello's 'An Inconvenient Tooth' Credit: Hello via YouTube YouTube's brand-safety crisis has scared off many advertisers, but some seem relatively unconcerned. Hello's new "An Inconvenient Tooth" video from 72andSunny played Monday just after a YouTube post of Steve Stephens' Facebook Live rant about plans to kill people in Cleveland. (Stephens also posted a video of a live murder on Easter, and was found dead Tuesday, apparently of a self-inflicted gunshot, in Pennsylvania.) A spokeswoman for Hello said the brand knew going in such placements were possible, but added: "Google has been a great partner in helping address it." Then there's a Cincinnati-based household name, not Procter & Gamble Co., but Roto-Rooter, whose ad from Curiosity Advertising showing a home drain-cleaning remedy has appeared in recent weeks with several questionable videos cited by brand-safety watchdog Eric Feinberg of Gipec (including the aforementioned Stephens video). A spokesman for Roto-Rooter said the company was under the impression that it had discontinued its YouTube Trueview Discovery advertising as of March 29 for brand-safety reasons, based on the advice of its digital agency, Dentsu's 360i. So he couldn't explain how one of its ads continued to show up on YouTube earlier this week, though he believed it could be a result of retargeting maintaining the ad in the system somehow. A Google spokesman didn't immediately respond to an e-mail request for comment. Overall, Feinberg has fewer examples of questionable placements to share lately, which suggests either Google's safeguards are working or the advertiser exodus creates fewer opportunities. Coke bested Pepsi last year, says a new report. We are already more than four months into the new year, but it's never too late to get a report card on 2016 brand performance. The latest one comes in the beverage industry where new data shows Coca-Cola outperforming PepsiCo last year. Soda's woes continued last year with both companies losing carbonated soft drink volume, according to a new report from industry tracker Beverage-Digest. But Coca-Cola showed modest improvement with soda volume across its brands falling by 0.7%, compared with 0.8% in 2015. PepsiCo's decline was 3.1%, matching 2015's loss, according to Beverage-Digest. Brand Coke actually eked out a 0.1 point share gain and now has 17.8% share of the soda category. Brand Pepsi lost 0.2 share points and now has 8.4% share. Turning to alcoholic beverages, Ogilvy is the new agency-of-record for Red Stripe beer, which is controlled by Heineken. The shop will run the global account from its Miami office. The Jamaican brew is plotting a new global campaign that will include a new music platform, according to a statement from Ogilvy. "This campaign will be a major step for Red Stripe as it will ground the brand's positioning in the territory and exemplify what Red Stripe means to its adorers. It will breathe new life into the brand around the world because it is exciting, visual and speaks to the core of what the brand is," stated Blandine Jean-Paul, head of marketing and innovations at Red Stripe. Urban Decay took over The New Stand at Union Square last week. Credit: Urban Decay Urban Decay literally went underground to market its latest offering, the Jean-Michel Basquiat collection. The L'Oreal USA brand hosted a surprise "pre-tail" and content partnership around the launch at The New Stand store at the Union Square station on New York's subway from April 10-17 in advance of the official April 20 launch. The graphic and product-assortment takeover was meant to be "slightly elusive and all sorts of cool," said a spokeswoman. The New Stand is a novel retail/digital marketing concept ("phygital," as some might say) launched 18 months ago that operates the Union Square store and two other New York locations backed by a mobile app that feeds users daily deals, new-product information, music and videos. "We actually do a decent amount of sales in health and beauty items" with a shopper base that skews female, said New Stand CEO Andrew Deitchman. But this is the first time a beauty brand has tried a store takeover (eBay and Refinery 29 have had similarly big events). Olly used The New Stand to hand out stress-relief vitamins on Election Day. But Deitchman said, "As it turned out maybe we should have tried the day after Election Day." In today's obvious pairings news, craft retailer Michael's and digital scrapbooking pioneer Pinterest are teaming up on DIY kits, which will be available first to Michael's Rewards customers starting April 20. Beyond begging the question of what took these two crazy kids so long to get together, the partnership will showcase popular home decor and style trends mined from Pinterest data. First up: shibori, the trendy dyeing technique. Pinterest found that searches for the trend are up 56% in the past year, with 2.6 million shibori ideas saved in 2016. The kits can only strengthen the already-strong Michael's brand with loyal customers, but they should also provide more offline awareness for the growing Pinterest. Earlier this year, the company debuted Shop the Look, where consumers can shop products via Buyable Pins from stores like Neiman Marcus and CB2. Dunkin' Donuts hot coffee is now available on Amtrak® Acela Express. Credit: Dunkin' Donuts You might say Amtrak runs on Dunkin'. Dunkin' Donuts original blend and decaf coffee are now being served on Amtrak's Acela Express trains along the Northeast Corridor, the busy route that runs from Boston through New York and south to Washington, D.C. Dunkin' and Amtrak, which kicked off the deal with a sampling event Wednesday in New York's Penn Station, said the coffee would be brewed using the same equipment Dunkin' uses in its restaurants. Dunkin's coffee will be added to the Northeast Regional trains that run on the same route starting later this year. The deal with Dunkin' only covers brewed coffee. Amtrak previously served a proprietary blend from a restaurant industry coffee packer on the Acela. Meanwhile, those who don't run on Dunkin' can still get a different java fix: Starbucks bottled iced coffee will remain for sale in the cafe car. Kobe Bryant, who is filling his post-hoops-retirement days with creative and branding pursuits, will on Saturday premiere an animated short film called "Dear Basketball" at the Tribeca Film Festival. He teamed with animator Glen Keane on the project, which " brings Bryant's retirement announcement to life through hand-drawn animation and a score written by legendary composer John Williams," according to an announcement about the red carpet premiere. Lastly, some executive moves … Kimberly-Clark Corp. has brought in a seasoned packaged-goods marketer from outside as president of its $8 billion North American consumer-products business. Larry Allgaier, who once ran Pampers' North American business for rival Procter & Gamble Co. during a 20-year career there, now comes to the marketer of Huggies and Pull-Ups. He succeeds and reports to Michael Hsu, who in November became chief operating officer and heir apparent to current Chairman-CEO Tom Falk. Hsu likewise came to K-C as an outsider from Kraft five years ago. Allgaier was most recently president of the Mars Petcare Veterinary Health Group, and before that of Mars' $4 billion North America Petcare business. He was also former global head of Novartis' over-the-counter medicines unit. Coty is building its digital marketing team by hiring Sean Foster as global senior VP-e-commerce strategy and execution. Foster, formerly CEO of Crowdtap, president of Avon online and head of marketing at Gilt.com, reports to Jason Forbes, chief digital and media officer. Forbes himself came to Coty from the outside in 2015 as CEO of Beamly, a digital content agency the company acquired. "Our priority is expanding consumer reach with better content on the right media platforms to drive sales in a highly fluid marketplace," Forbes said in a statement. "Sean's background is perfect for this." Contributing: Jack Neff, Jessica Wohl, Adrianne Pasquarelli, E.J. Schultz In this article: Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Creativity Culture Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google pulls its ‘Free App of the Week’ section from the Play Store +5,754 Andrew Myrick Apr 19th, 2017 Late last month, Google introduced a new section within the Play Store which offered a “Free App of the Week”. Since then, we’ve seen a couple of apps featured, but it seems that Google has pulled the section from the Play Store altogether. @GooglePlay What happened to the "free app of the week" section that used to live here: https://t.co/bRsNJLhk9p — Kris Carlon (@kriscarlon) April 18, 2017 Kris from Android Authority initially found the disappearance as the original Play Store URL is now broken. Google didn’t make any formal announcement of this section and may have just been trying it out. So it doesn’t matter that much that it’s been pulled. However, Kris has also contacted the Google Play Twitter account to see if there will be any type of response, but that has yet to happen. We’ll have to keep an eye on this and hope that Google brings it back sooner rather than later, because who doesn’t love free stuff? Let us know in the comments whether you want this feature to return to the Play Store, or whether you really don’t care either way. [Android Authority] local_offer    Google   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (9) stars Further Reading Google updates Allo to version 9.0 Google Home gets flight price tracking Google Earth announcement coming April 18th Burger King uses "OK Google" commands in ad Nokia commits to fast updates stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertT-Mobile Galaxy S8 orders begin to ship closeT-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus orders begin shipping T-Mobile had hinted that this would happen, but Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus shipments are headed out early! 2 more_vertSnapchat CEO: Snapchat was for rich people closeSnapchat CEO says the app was only supposed to be for rich people Some interesting new information has come to light In an ongoing lawsuit between Snapchat and an employee who believes he was wrongfully terminated. 3 more_vertNexus 6P updates to 7.1.2 closeNexus 6P is being updated to 7.1.2 for Android Beta users The final version of Android 7.1.2 has rolled out to Pixel phones and some Nexus devices, but the Nexus 6P is finally getting the final beta build. 4 more_vertLG G6 Review closeLG G6 Review Instead of trying to do too much, LG set out to check all the boxes of what a smartphone needs to be in 2017. But is a “good” phone good enough anymore? Can the LG G6 be the best flagship of the year? 5 more_vertWhat Happened to the OnePlus 4? closeThe OnePlus 5 is coming, but what happened to the OnePlus 4? OnePlus might skip the “4” and go straight to the OnePlus 5. Wondering why? Join us inside for the quick breakdown! 6 more_vertSamsung sending extra gift with Galaxy S8 closeSome Galaxy S8 pre-orders are coming with a free amplifier dock As a thank you to folks for pre-ordering the Galaxy S8 or S8 Plus, Samsung seems to be sending a nice gift with some orders. 7 more_vertTop 5 Apps & Games - April 14 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (April 14, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 8 more_vertIs the LG G6 the best phone? closeLG G6: One of the Best Android Phones? The competition in our Best Android Phones rankings is heating up. We just finished up our full review of the LG G6, and the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus are right around the corner. 9 more_vertAndroid 7.1.2 Nougat breaks Nexus Imprint closeAndroid 7.1.2 Nougat breaks Nexus Imprint for some Nexus and Pixel owners More than a few Nexus and Pixel owners have found that the update to Android 7.1.2 Nougat breaks Nexus Imprint, making it impossible to use the fingerprint scanner on the devices. 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 display red tint closeSome Galaxy S8 users are reporting a red tint on the display The Samsung Galaxy S8 isn’t available yet here in the US, but some people have the device already in other countries. The first wave of complaints is already coming in from users in South Korea. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Alphabet's Verily kicks off long range study to track human health The 10,000-person study aims to explore why people who are generally healthy become sick. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | April 19, 2017 -- 18:27 GMT (11:27 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Verily, Alphabet's life biotech division formerly known as Google life sciences, is embarking on a 10,000-person study that will explore why people who are generally healthy become sick. what's hot on zdnet ​Samsung's Galaxy S8 does DeX: Is it a Chromebook challenger or virtual desktop play? Robots in the cloud: How robotics-as-a-service can help your business Ransomware is now so awful it's actually making us take security seriously How to set up a new Windows 10 PC perfectly in one hour or less The study is part of a larger effort called Project Baseline, which Google first announced in 2014. The project aims to establish a reference for human health and gain insight into the biological changes associated with the shift from health to illness. The study, which could be more than a decade-long effort, is in partnership with Stanford University and Duke University. Participants will share data for approximately four years from a range of sources, including wearable devices, physical exams, electronic health records, and surveys and diaries about their lifestyle. "There are many signals coming from the human body that have been previously inaccessible," said Verily's Jessica Mega. "With advanced sensors, tools, and data analytics, we have the opportunity to access and organize these signals -- creating a comprehensive map of health that can better predict and prevent disease." Verily came under scrutiny last year following a report published by health and science site Stat claiming that the company's signature products were plagued by "serious, if not fatal, scientific shortcomings." The scathing report lead to comparisons between Verily and Theranos, the beleaguered $9 billion blood diagnostics startup now under federal investigation for allegedly misleading investors. But Alphabet's upper echelon, including executive chairman Eric Schmidt, continue to back Verily and its potential to produce medical breakthroughs. Verily still has several other medical projects in the pipeline, including glucose-detecting smart contact lenses that could help diabetes patients. Just last week, Verily announced the Verily Study Watch, a wrist-worn health tracker made specifically for clinical and observational studies. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation F8: Facebook positions itself as an innovator across several fronts Innovation Facebook wants to help you communicate directly from your brain via non-invasive sensors Innovation Microsoft Surface Pro 4 copycats run riot: Samsung, Dell, HP and others offer better options Innovation Market analytics: Figuring out how much cash million-dollar Android app makers really make × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google accidentally pushed a Dogfood test build of the May 2017 security update to the Pixel XL Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 4:20pm PDTApr 18, 2017 48 Plus 1 on G+ 113 Share on Facebook 52 Share on Twitter Total Shares213 Applications Google News Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart. Last month, the company pushed an unfinished Google Drive for Windows update, causing Drive to break for thousands of users. Now Google has accidentally released a confidential build of the May 2017 security update to normal Pixel XL owners. We've received a few reports of the update so far, and our own Artem has received the update on his Pixel XL as well. As you can see from the below screenshot, this was clearly not meant for public release:   There isn't any user-visible changes in this update, which has a build number of N2G47O. One tipster said he received the new Play Store UI after updating, but that's likely just a server-side change that was flipped by coincidence. Let us know in the comments below if you see it on your phone. Thanks: Everyone who sent this in Tags dogfood Google N2G47O ota security update update subscribe ... Previous Story Google Assistant adds support for Lowes Iris, Lutron Caseta, and Osram Lightify ... Next Story 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Nothing showing up on my XL. :( matteventu Lol consider yourself lucky. Suicide_Note But i like beta software. matteventu Considering there's people who has issues after updating to the STABLE April patch (fingerprint reader not working among all the others), I would strongly suggest you NOT to update to a dogfood build :D James Cridland I got it. There's no way to not update - as you can see, it simply tells you it'll be installed next time you reboot. ZettabyteGamer Install Android O Tr3ple How stable is it so far? Don't wanna fuck up my pixel like I fucked up my 6p. Lol VAVAMk_2 How did you fuck up your 6P? ParanoidAirbag I got the new Play Store UI without getting this update for the record Suicide_Note Same here. Cleared the Play Store app cache this morning and it popped up for me. boop Most likely case is that he already had the UI but needed to reload the app and rebooting the device to update just happened to do that. Funem Same here on a Samsung S7. Its about time as well as some of the new feature were long overdue Marty Me too. Got it on my Honor 8, Xperia XP and some LineageOS devices. itsalaser Same here on my Nexus 4 Dmitry Stepanushkin Same on my Nexus 5. Seems to be enabled for most of devices on server side. Deeco What new UI? The new my apps page? DragoCubed Yeah. Thats what they are talking about. Google pushed it out to everyone all at once, for once. Denholm Willmer I still haven't got the new UI :/ EvilHowl I haven't :( Peter Please someone grab the OTA URL Brad Hoschar And post it to XDA Artem Russakovskii I looked through the logcat but didn't find it there. Peter It will be there, but often requires a Full Bug Report to get the entire logcat. jonzey231 Someone posted it above. FYI. George "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart." AP throwing shade at Google... Lord Argyris Aren't they all effectively Dogfood builds these days? Marty Soon they revert to cat food builds...after the secondary process of the dog food builds happen. Pewww... JD The new internal builds are now dogshit builds Melissacdonnelly Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !sy182c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs472ShopSpotGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sy182c:....,....... taylor banasiak I'm in the process of downloading it. I'm happy. Tr3ple Uh lol EJ102D My Nexus 6 received the UI update for Google Play today actually... C Lo Dog food build? Isn't this the same build Google's been releasing? Wonder what this one breaks. Kay Hocking It's come up on mine - should we be downloading it?? Peter Please send yourself a bug report and grab the update URL from it. Kay Hocking I don't know how to do that! Peter Settings... About phone ... Tap lots of times on Build Number. This will enable Developer Options in main Settings menu. Bug Report option is in there. Do it, takes a few mins, then email it to yourself. Open it up and look for .zip in the .txt file. Or share it here and I'll dig thru it for ya. Scott I tried to share it but it seems they get removed or are moderated or something. goo . gl slash 4KudHG Peter Got it now. Thanks! PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Good job. Thx. JD Ok Google go home you're drunk whispy_snippet What is this amateur hour?! NinoBr0wn "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart. Last month, the company pushed an unfinished Google Drive for Windows update, causing Drive to break for thousands of users." Edit: ..causing Drive to break for tens of users. Corbin Davenport Between all the posts on the Drive Product Forums, Twitter, Reddit, and other sites, there were definitely thousands (myself included). NinoBr0wn That comment definitely wasn't being facetious. But this one is. Trooper311 Nothing showed up for me on my PIxel Xl. I am sure they have fixed the issue by now. derk p :: checks software update:: Nothing showed up for me on my Pixel. I am sure they have fixed the issue by now. Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. Total Insecurity Google needs to bring their machine learning technology to the next step and help them to differ between testers and customers! mrjayviper doesn't seemed to be a problem with Apple and I doubt they use any AI (or at least to Google's level) on their OTA updates PhantomGamers He was joking... -.- Sir_Brizz No compromises device. Knowledgeborn Allah 😂😂😂 stan gurule Same here on my HTC 10. Adam Margeson Same what? stan gurule Whatever dogfood update it was, everyone else was saying "same here" so I had too also. Wasn't serious though... DragoCubed Uh okay 4Ui812 It wasn't an accident it's Google. They been fucking up a lot shit lately. JohnyNoLegs Prob shows that customers are getting beta/alpha/dogfood builds anyway. pks OTA link: https://ota.googlezip.net/packages/ota-api/google_marlin_marlin/6ea1ccda14a13cd03ab763d27fd7047025a53d3f.zip MrJakeK Next can we talk how horrible their beta forum is? Open non-private GooglePlus board where all the comments are random jerks asking for beta on their old broken phones? Google take notes from Motorola, you owned them for a second you should have learned. YuCMi I guess the idea of "being professional" is lost on Google. Karen Fennell I got this as well! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/329aa615888972a22bb6aed46e9dc9321d2ef29076d01d8cfa5c7cd3f0277b50.png Nathan J "Google seems to have a problem with keeping testers and customers apart." They seem to be taking a page out of Bethesda's book. All of the Fallout and Elder Scrolls games released in the past 15 years have been buggy messes. And like Android, they are usually fixed by a dedicated community of developers. That settles it. Google needs to release Android for the Pip-boy. /s The limited edition Pip-boy can hold a phone, but I don't think any Android phones are small enough. Maybe, just maybe the Xperia Mini line. It seems to have been made with the iPhone 6 in mind. Sadly, it can't charge one and blocks the port. If someone could 3D print, paint, and polish up a good one, I can see an Android phone where the screen goes, a 10,000mAh power pack where the tape deck is, and wires on the inside connecting the two. The official Pip-boy design is too bulky for practicality, but a slimmer design meant for bigger phones, like the S8/+, G6, Pixel XL, iPhone Plus, etc., holding the phone at an angle over the arm, could be very cool. Especially with an interface geared toward one-handed, landscape use. Anonymous Vagrant What's the name of the download speed monitor app seen on the screenshots? iCoerce I have the new play store ui on both my 3T and S7. 3T running 7.1.2 and my S7 still only on 7.0, so that was definitely just a server side switch. jon Glad to know they do that. Jaufder in Granite Bay (Sac) My Pixel XL has gone absolutely batshit since the 7.1.2 upgrade I did last week. I had previously been dealing with battery problems noted on 7.1.1 ( which mysteriously resolved even before I upgraded to 7.1.2). Now, with 7.1.2, my phone app is locking up, audio is cutting out and/or making amazingly loud crackling noises, headphone audio stops working periodically, the phone randomly shuts off, phone calls won't hang up...etc, etc. It's barely useable at this point. saf1927 No issues here. Aufar Ramadhan My Nexus 6 running Android 7.1.1 is perfect! No downgrades, and no bugs! Gonna flash LineageOS before 2018. Sudev Seems they did it on purpose... They're showcasing that they are "internally testing" things before they release it to public. /s Teja Don't know why lately Google has been messing up things. Nexus 6P OTA with major issues causing rollback, Pixel 7.1.2 OTA having fingerprint issues and this one. jonzey231 That was the regular N6, not the 6P. The 6P is the one with early shutdowns and horrid battery life. Lol. Your argument still stands though lol. Teja Yeahh.. Corrected. :) P. Sherman Please remind me again on how Google is still "superior" to Samsung and OnePlus for pulling s--- like this. As if they weren't content enough on disabling fingerprint readers and borking Bluetooth connectivity... Sumeet Gandhi It updated the playstore for me on my Pixel XL. Now it looks pretty neat tough. Zachary Kew-Denniss Not showing on my XL in the UK. RNTMPX "Dogfood"?! What does it mean?! What's the link with a smartphone?! Dirge Dogfood refers to the googlers themselves, essentially. It's dogfood for the googlers. Internal, confidential software or apps that are for googlers only. Todd Yates It comes from the the phrase "to eat your own dog food" which is when a company uses its own products/services within the business. RNTMPX Thanks! Weird! Besnik Rrustemi Got the new Play Store UI Yesterday on my Nexus 6P Dirge Thank God! I can finally sleep at night knowing you got it Besnik Rrustemi Great man !!. Im glad you can sleep now since i didn't know you were watching other people's​ comments day and night without having anything else to do on your useless life but to care for people's business. Sleep well :-* Hasan I got this update on my Pixel XL, should I update to it? Or no jonzey231 That's the bad side about automated OTAs with that dual system partition. It'll probably update on its own and be waiting for you to reboot. DragoCubed That play store update is definitely just a coincidinc SIGTRAP The level of incompetence at Google is getting completely unacceptable Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google Screwup of the Day. I told you you should run a series called that. JL Dear Corbin Davenport did you read when it says don´t discuss or comment?.... mike shwilly The only mistake they made is they forgot to replace changelog with "Bug fixes and stability improvements". LoadGamePL Considering what is Google doing lately, stock Android and fast updates are slowly turning into a disadvantage... Manjot Singh I got the new play store UI Dirge And this has what to do with the story? Manjot Singh "One tipster said he received the new Play Store UI after updating, but that's likely just a server-side change that was flipped by coincidence" I got it too on my 1+3 Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 375 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 3 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 6 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 114 queries | 0.598s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 4 Plus 1 on G+ 2 Share on Facebook 8 Share on Twitter Total Shares14 Applications Google Google Home News Article Contents 1 Control by voice 2 Services 3 Control by app 4 Upcoming Google first talked about Google Home back at I/O, but the device became official at the recent October hardware event. The speakers didn't go into detail on all the apps and services that Home would work with, preferring instead to focus on a few specific demos. Now, Google has published a list of everything that works with Home, and we expect this will grow over time. Here's what Google has published so far on its support site for Home. Control by voice Audio Google Play Music YouTube Music Spotify Pandora TuneIn Smart home Nest Thermostats Phillips Hue Samsung SmartThings Honeywell Belkin Wemo IF by IFTTT Wink Insignia Wi-Fi Smart Plug LIFX Vivint TP-Link (smart bulbs and plugs) Frigidaire Geeni Anova First Alert Logitech (Harmony) August Home (Smart Lock) Rachio (Smart Sprinklers) Lowes Iris Lutron Caseta Wireless Osram Lightify Streaming Devices Google Chromecast Vizio Toshiba Philips Sony Bang & Olufson B&O PLAY Grundig Polk Audio TV and Audio (Chromecast or Google Cast TV required) YouTube Netflix Google Photos Tasks Google Calendar Google Keep Games and Fun Mad Libs Services 21 Blackjack 360 Jungle 5 minute plank 8 ball Able Style ACTi SARA Aeden at Westworld Agent of the day Akinator Alfred Quotes Anchor And Chill Anova Argus Artsy Ask my buddy Ask Jelly Ask Wonder Audio Burst August AutoVoice Baby Stats Bank Helper BART Helper Bay Transport be box Beer guide Best Dad Jokes Brick Finder Brick info Bugle Notes Busuu Butler Services Buzzfeed CareGeneral CharlieCat Chefling Chk-in Cam ChronosBot City Cinema City of Auburn CMU Dining CNBC CNN Computer Builder Conrad Connect Control Nightingale Cook ai Cool Events Crazy House Credit card helper Daily Motiviation Danish Games DiamondHead Lake Divine Song Dododex Domino's Dr. Doggy Dublin bus finder Eliza Elle Horoscopes FaithLife Farmer's Almanac Fetch my calendar FitStar Flex TV Flipper Energy Food Guy Food Network Forecaster Joe Friendly Fortune Teller Friendly Librarian Genie Voice Genius Gina's Guitar Tuner Good code tips GoodGuide Graphically Speaking Guess my age Harmony Hawaii surf report Headspace Hipo Smart Home energy monitor HomeSeer Hopkins Bus Tracker Huffpost Headline Quiz Hydra CG Invasion Tracker Iowa Lake Info Itcher Izzy the Islander Jackson Locals Jaden Smith Quotes Jelly KAYAK Latest Trump Tweet Life Stories Line Status Lonely Planet Magic 8 ball Math Quiz Mental Math Mortgage Helper Mostly Harmless Quotes Miss Molecule's Favorite Molecule Mostly Harmless Quotes Motivate Me Movie Maestro Music Ear Trainer My Bus Stop Narwhal Bacon NBC News Neato Robot Never have I ever Next Transit Nexx Garage NPR One Number Genie Onelink Onshape OurGroceries PGA Tour Pi Digit Assistant Plane Strike PM 10 in Korea Poland Facts Prague Public Transport Pray Together Product Hunt Progressive Quick Remote Quora Racing Results Random conversations Real Estate Search red pebble Reverse Math Game Ring Salon Professional Sayspring Scout Seaside Data Seattle Pools SF Transit SG NextBus Shelly Cloud SigmaCasa Silly Bean Smart AC Smart Life Smart Voice Song Explorer SongPop Sound Effects Explorer Spelling Master St. Joseph's Lunch Menu Star Wars Facts Starfish Me Starfish Track Steven Wynn Quotes Story Stan Story Tree Straight Times Street Dictionary Stringify Sub War Summoner Expert Team Ninja Tender Text Adventure The Animal Quiz The Bartender The Daily Camera The Keys, DJ Khaled quotes The Magic Door The Misfortune Coookie The Motley Fool The Temple at the End of the Forest The Virtual Concierge WSJ Today's Bible Verse Today's Word Todoist Tomato Reviews TRT World Quiz Tube Check Tube Status Tube Trains Uber Upcoming Bollywood Movies Value Adder Venturebeat News Weather Sky WebMD Whitney Bond wikiHow Wine Guide World Air Quality Index WRAL WUFT YouVersion YouVersion Stories Control by app Any Cast-enabled audio app Upcoming Mercedes-Benz Hyundai iHeartRadio We'll update this post whenever Google adds more services, so stay tuned. Source: Google Support Tags apps assistant Google google home subscribe ... Previous Story Microsoft announces Wunderlist successor, the imaginatively named To-Do ... Next Story Historic audio brand Jensen announces stereo smart speaker with Chromecast built-in Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Mark01 Won't buy if you can't change that ridiculous Ok Google hotword nxtiak You'd rather say some weird name like Alexa or Siri? eazyean1 Echo is cool actually Abhishek Saral If it works just by saying "Google" it would be nice. Like in Amazon Echo we just have to say "Alexa". David Hyman Microsoft just recently changed the Xbox commands from Xbox to Cortona. Not only is it worse than before but I constantly say the old keyword. The thing with ok google is that it never really comes up during a normal conversation where as Siri and Alexa sound more like other names and leaves to false keyword activation XerBlade Having "Xbox" as the hotword was pretty much the dumbest idea they could've possibly had. Unless you are a lonely warrior who only plays video games by himself all the time (as game developers seem to think all gamers are these days since hardly anyone who isn't Nintendo builds local multiplayer anymore...), it is extremely likely that the word "Xbox" is going to come up in normal conversation extremely often while you are using the Xbox with your friends or family. In fact, I know from experience that it happens constantly. David Hyman True but my point was about the issues with changing hotwords, and the fact that Cortona is worse than what they had before Jarrett Lennon Kaufman In what way is it worse? "Hey Cortana" works pretty well for me on my computer and Xbox with NO false positives like before. trickinit It doesn't work very well for me. It's a lot slower to respond and it tends to get the command wrong a lot more than it used to with "Xbox". Anytime Cortana doesn't understand me, it switches to the browser to do a Bing search. That get pretty frustrating when I'm trying to record a game clip. David Hyman Yea! Try having Cortona try to find a TV show, that used to be solid with the old way and completely fails now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That doesn't sound like a problem with the command, necessarily, but the software change overall. David Hyman It seems like it always has to phone home for even the simplest commands like turn off. It seems to fail to understand that command very often lzdking I keep switching back to Cortona after system updates because I really want to use it, but the lag time is too much. Very annoying to tell Cortona to pause a show and then have it take anywhere from 3 - 8 seconds to pause. I switched back to the Xbox commands because they are nearly instant. David Hyman Dude that's definitely a major issue. I keep using it so they get more data to hopefully improve it. I like the media capabilities of my Xbox more than Chromecast because I get hdmi pass through for my Comcast box and it has Amazon video. Two things that I can't get with a Chromecast XerBlade I wasn't going to correct you if you only said it once, but it's "Cortana." David Hyman Oh sorry auto correct Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That would be terrible. The word "Google" comes up a lot in conversation in 2016. No way I'd want that alone to be the keyword in my living room. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] It's 'Ok Google'. Do you really say those two words together outside of voice recognition interactions? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Did you bother to read the comment I was replying to? Damodara Kovie [dkovie] I feel a fool. My apologies, good sir. enoch861 At least those sound much much better than Ok, Google. catalysto Yes, "Alexa" is very easy to say and makes it feel like I'm talking to an actual person. "OK, Google" is awkward and alienating, at best. Matt Cortana is probably the best name actually. It's easy to say and is different enough that you shouldn't get a lot of false positives. I imagine Alexa could get annoying in households where someone is named Alexa, Alexis, possibly even Alex. wjrandon I'm tired of saying "ok google" as well. Marko Šaric Yeah. I wish that could be changed. At least "Hey Google!", as was shown at Google io. Lateef Alabi-Oki You can use "Hey Google" also. XerBlade At which point tech podcasters everywhere will have to find a new substitute phrase to use when they want to talk about it without activating the devices of everyone listening en masse. Lateef Alabi-Oki Hopefully, the voice training technology improves in these devices so that only registered voices can trigger the hotword. blassster And they need to tie the person's registered voice and query to the proper Google account. Custom hotwords per user would help. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe Dieter Bohn said they were working on that in today's Verge podcast. If true, that'd be really neat. blassster I've never had this problem after they rolled out the training model part of the setup so long ago. XerBlade I never had that problem until they did that. Actually, they rolled out the training part of the setup alongside the "OK Google everywhere" feature. Neither existed before the other. So I highly doubt very many people had the issue BEFORE they rolled out the training model part of the setup, because they would literally have to be sitting either on the Google Now screen or (in the case of Nexus devices only at the time) on the home screen at the time when the hotword was heard, the chances of which are kinda low. blassster Oh, I thought the training model came later. I remember after training it (or, probably re-training it if you are correct) that it was solved. Early on for me it was the worst! youareme7 really? that's a Home thing I missed? I mean I want custom but at least hey google rolls off a little easier than ok google. Lateef Alabi-Oki I doubt they'd make it customizable since "Ok, Google" is free marketing and brand awareness for them. youareme7 Yeah, don't disagree but still a bummer, that syllable salad is a minor annoyance Lateef Alabi-Oki Yeah, I can see how it may be difficult to pronounce for non-English speakers. Maison Pulaski I doubt they would change the name of their flagship phone because _Nexus_ is free.... Oh wait.... Nevermind. Lateef Alabi-Oki You're right. This is Google we're talking about. We might wake up tomorrow and the hotword would be "Hey, Giri". By the way they're going to change the name of the Google Cast app to Google Home. Not confusing at all. Arthur J. hey google doesn't work Tuck Choate You don't have a Google home to test it on, yet, do you? Arthur J. I was speaking about Nexus Tuck Choate This discussion is about Google home. Arthur J. yeah, but why the command would be this on a device and that on another Tuck Choate It's primarily a voice device. AP even did an article on an APK breakdown on how they might give more control to users for voice actions. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/08/19/google-app-v6-3-suggests-google-assistant-may-launch-limited-language-support-expands-user-defined-actions-apk-teardown/ Arthur J. Forgot that one, that would so nice if they expand it to all devices. As Youareme7 said, 'OK' an extra syllable and "hey" would be more discreet. Especially when you say in English US in a non english country Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yes, but more syllables was purposeful. More syllables makes it easier for the software to understand and gives you fewer false positives. Ryan Hey google works, I have one. Its not as reliable as OK google though. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe "Hey, Google" worked in the demos. I may be wrong though, but I thought it did. Arthur J. I didn't payed attention to that Matt It just worked on my phone. 6p YaKillaCJ Just worked on my watch too. Hey Google is a lot more natural than ok Google. Still should be able to name your device. It's only natural since U can nickname/hotkey people. That way my Phone, Remote (older phone), Tablet, Watch, and now Home doesn't go off at once. drksilenc It does work i use it at home all the time. It doesnt work from cell phone which is done on purpose so you dont get multiple google devices activating at the same time. Justin W Hey Google works for me with my phone. Not sure if it's me just not saying it clearly enough or if it's actually a supported hotword though. Marko Šaric Works for me too (just tried it out). On my g watch and Nexus 5x. Cool. Markus Ressel Still kind of awkward imo dhamp2g Pretty silly reason to me, but to each his own. Marko Šaric Will Google Home work in Europe? (By Europe I mean Croatia). Lateef Alabi-Oki No, because the EU will find an excuse to sanction them for another monopoly abuse claim. Marko Šaric Seriously though. I was thinking about getting one. But I would like to know if I could actually use the thing and not just admire it. Lateef Alabi-Oki I think it's US only for now. It might come to Europe next year. They probably want to get multilingual issues sorted out first before they introduce it in Europe. Marko Šaric That's a bit disappointing if true. I would use it in English anyway. Lars Jeppesen Of course it will work if you import it. I'm planning to.. Marko Šaric I'm planning to also. However, I would like to not pay 3 times the price after shipping and taxes. Any tips for import sites where you may have purchased items previously. I've never imported from the states, as I merely use Amazon.de or UK. Lars Jeppesen Why would you think that? You think it checks your location and refuses to work if outside the US? Lateef Alabi-Oki Nope. I'm just speculating. I could competely wrong. Gregory It might not be sold in Europe, but will it work in Europe? I also don't mind using it in English. Matt I want to know this too. I might get my US friend to bring one with him in December to the UK, if it's going to work that is. Lateef Alabi-Oki If Google Assistant works in Europe, and I believe it does, I see no reason why Google Home wouldn't. I doubt Google would deliberately region lock Home. Jens Törnblad It doesn't work with Android TV? RedPandaAlex I'm pretty sure they confirmed that it will worth with Android TV using the Google Cast feature. Lateef Alabi-Oki It works with any Google Cast enabled device, including Android TV. Christofftofferson I assumed it would as android tv is a Chromecast receiver. komal You have a nice post and i liked very much http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/march-2017-calendar.html XerBlade It will cast to an Android TV device, yes, but you can't use it (yet) to control the Android TV interface with voice commands like you can with one of the Android TV voice remotes. So it's kinda halfway supported. 2×4 Missing: - 8tracks? - TP-Link Kasa? - Ecobee? Lazy Tango All my standing lights are connected through TP-Link Kasa... Partially because Alexa connects to it, but mostly because I can't afford Hue lights. 2×4 in my case, I use Kasa because solutions that require a hub haven't worked reliably enough for me. CUEBALL Same here. Hope Kasa integrates with Home in the near future. Kevin Sauer No Ecobee? No Caseta Wireless Lutron? The smarthome space is so annoying right now. "Buy this thing! It may work with some other stuff. I dunno. Good luck." wjrandon "Ok Google, start the Rooma"? Kevin Sauer Sure that sounds good Philip Worthington Maybe, although I suspect what you got would be closer to this... https://youtu.be/g8v6cZ21vlc thomasguide2 Shouldn't the roomba be starting by itself? Phoenix I see what you did there Fatty Bunter You can do this with a Harmony Hub and IFTTT right now by issuing the appropriate IR command for a given voice keyword. Obviously that requires more $, but hey it's possible. enoch861 This is why you just buy the Echo. It works with mostly everything. catalysto Yeah, except the Amazon ecosystem is nowhere near as robust as Google's (e.g., Calendar, Maps, et cetera). Amazon has the upper hand on hardware integration at the moment, but I have no doubt that Google will quickly catch up -- especially with this fairly impressive launch list (remember Echo launched with none). Matt Maps "Ok Google, Navigate to the store." "You're in your house dumbfuck, but here's a map to the store on your TV." catalysto So... What exactly is your point? You know Alexa doesn't have this information, right? Cory S it actually can do all those things. Albeit badly, but it does. cabbieBot best comment on AP possibly ever. Brandon V. Fletcher Echo's support grew over time. So will Google Home's. Hector Diaz I have 3 echo so with Smartthings. Really like it but echo is not that smart. shadowdude777 It really bugs me that Play Music doesn't work with the Echo. And this is ALL GOOGLE'S FAULT. If they would just expose an API like Spotify does, we could have support for Play Music everywhere that we have Spotify. I'd ditch Play Music today, because Spotify has a better desktop client, better social features, an app that isn't a lagfest, and better family pricing now, but I'd lose out on Play Music's ability to upload my own tracks, which is sadly quite important to me. :( Cory S Amazon blocks Chromecast products from even being sold on their store, and you think they would work well with Google on this? BRB I need to get back to watch Prime video on my TV....oh wait its Android TV and I cant because actively AMAZON BLOCKS IT. shadowdude777 Amazon doesn't have to do ANYTHING if Google didn't provide such a bad service with a locked-down API; that's the point. If there were a Play Music API, a third-party dev could write the Echo Skill that integrates with it, with no work on Amazon's part. All of these walled gardens are infuriating; Google needs to learn to play nice with other ecosystems. It would solve a lot of their problems if they just made it possible to integrate their services with other systems. Andy J Did you really just suggest that Google doesn't open up everything they can for developers? You have seen https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer/#p/ right? shadowdude777 You're joking, right? Are you really defending them and saying that "they're doing the best they can"? If they were opening up everything they can for developers, why is there no music API? Spotify has one. Why is there no Hangouts API? Why is there no Allo API? These are all services that NEED APIs to be taken seriously. Give me one good reason why they can't expose an API for these services. Andy J OK - well..... Hangouts & Allo = proprietary, just like WhatsApp doesn't have an API, Facebook messenger doesn't have an API. The music service doesn't have an API for any number of reasons ranging from - they don't want to expose the service via an API to - the contracts they have agreed with the studios and labels may well disallow it, don't make the mistake that all the music services have identical agreements with the labels because that is far from the case. Finally - don't fall in to the trap that every service under the sun should/does have an API - Netflix doesn't provide an API allowing you to consume their paid for content outside of the Netflix ecosystem. Amazon TV doesn't have an API allowing you to consume their video content outside of their service. shadowdude777 Google Talk used standards (XMPP) while Hangouts doesn't, and Allo doesn't. Yes, other walled gardens also don't provide APIs, but you shouldn't pretend that Google is some bastion of developer/consumer-friendliness when they're just as bad as every other company that thinks they're above playing nice with others. Slack has an API, Discord has an API, Telegram has an API etc. There's no way that Google was able to negotiate an agreement allowing for a feature like users uploading their own songs to Play Music, but not negotiate an agreement allowing for API access for premium members like Spotify has. This is a decision they made, considering they obviously have the pull to make an API happen if they actually cared. Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API. But Play Music has no reason not to have one, nor do Google's multiple failing messenger apps. Andy J "Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API." This is my point - why? Why aren't you asking for that? Your entire argument is that Google don't have enough APIs - why stop at demanding Play Music? I'm not saying Google should not open up an Play Music API - there is obviously something because there are unofficial apps that use an undocumented API - but why do you think it would be OK to not open up a video streaming API too - after all - YouTube has one, why shouldn't Play Movies - especially considering it uses YouTube on the backend anyway. Josh Hoffman How is the Spotify family pricing better than Google All Access? Play music 6 users for 14.99 plus Youtube Red. Spotify is 14.99 for 6 users but spotify only. shadowdude777 Didn't realize it was you + 5 people for Play Music, I thought it was 5 people total (so you + 4 people). Yeah, I guess GPM's pricing is better. Pranav Check IFTTT, they have a lot of connections that solve this issue Savage Alien Ecobee commands are HomeKit based. atlharry Not just HomeKit. Smartthings works as well so you could get to the Ecobee through Smartthings. Savage Alien Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. youareme7 These are just the launch (pre-launch?) partners, it'll expand exponentially when they open it up in December. I use Wink for instance and I know they're working on it but weren't a "launch partner". dhamp2g They have some big ones on the list. It works with chrome cast, text , and Play music.....I'm in Lars Jeppesen Never heard of those products.... Ryan IFTTT gives you control over all of that. The setup kind of sucks, Ill admit, but the plus side you can customize the phrases that trigger things to something that is more "human" or fun. Kevin Sauer Thanks for your reply. I have already done all of that through IFTTT, but as you point out, it's a pain in the ass. I would prefer the manufacturers bake it into their product directly. YaKillaCJ @Ryan I did the same here. I just setup a lot using IFTTT, Pushbullet & Tasker. Sure U have to manually make the word commands but it works. Nothing like saying "Hey Google" and control nearly everything. Ryan Yeah, its definitely tedious. But odds are I will keep doing it after makers like Wemo and Lutron plug in because, what I have seen so far with 3rd party services, their actions are really limited. While I had to set it up its nice to be able to say "Hey Google, start a fire" to have it turn on my fireplace instead of something more literal. BAlGaInTl I paired mine with a Samsung SmartThings hub that was on sale for $50. I can control my Ecobee seamlessly through that. I don't think there is Lutron support yet though. MicroNix This is why Echo > Google Home right now and probably for some time. Android sites are hyping Google Home like its some great thing. It barely works with anything in a smart home right now. Let's revisit in a year or so. Until then, umm, no thanks. Ethan Campbell I'm interested in the Software. I was a Quora power user, and I'm on hiatus right now. When I return, I will be using the Google Home with it all the time. Gregg Long I hope Caseta comes through soon. A much better solution for lights that aren't table lamps. Gregg Long Yes much better - and they still offer a wall wart plug in for table lamps. And unlike solutions like Hue, you can use a caseta wall switch which works with regular decora plates to turn on and off the lights while still having retaining control through your app. With Wifi lights, when you turn them off at the switch your remote control turns off with them. eazyean1 Sonos? Lateef Alabi-Oki If you can connect the Audio Chromecast to Sonos, it might be able to work. I don't have a Sonos, but I heard someone talk about it on an IOT podcast yesterday. Christofftofferson Most of the sonos speakers don't have audio in jacks (only the play 5 does). Sonos does accept google cast from Google play if you have sonos on the android phone you're casting from. Also they annouced they're working with Alexa to get voice control in 2017... so hopefully they remain fairly agnostic between Google, Amazon and others. Lateef Alabi-Oki Honestly, I see no reason why Sonos can't write some actions for Google Assistant and Google Home. They'd be foolish not to, since it looks like Google wants Assistant and Home to be an open platform for developers. op12 They're definitely thinking about it, but who knows how long it'll be considering the Amazon Alexa integration took months... https://twitter.com/JohnLMacFarlane/status/733013734625415168 Benoit Bourdua Plex seems like something people would want to see there. Corbin Davenport If it had Plex support, at least for audio, I would buy one. Benoit Bourdua I play my music using Plex on Synology + Chromecast Audio. Not sure I'll buy one, but if there is no support for that combo it's a sure thing I won't. MicroNix Synology, what a great NAS. Worth every penny. Blake Mitchell I'm starting to regret getting a QNAP. komal You have a nice thought and very creative and awesome http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/february-2017-calendar.html Soundjudgment Plex just finished its app update-release for iOS and iPhone/iPad. Google Home should be next. Morten Ulv Not before December when Actions on Google comes. Mike Marshall Senior director of Yahoo!, is telling visitors to start off "Work at home" practice, that People have been doing for more than a year now. This season only, I generated about $36k already with nothing but my laptop or computer as well as some leisure time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to five job. Even most people new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income might be even very high in the long run... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y3 Fatty Bunter WHAT ELSE DO YOU KNOW? TELL ME IMMEDIATELY. But seriously, this would be by far the biggest jump in capability for me and many others I know. Would love this so much, cant wait. Aaron Geier You can cast to the Google Home from the Plex app in Android. Chris McGrath they just released alexa support, i imagine google home isn't far behind it Mark555055 i would be shocked if Plex did not interface with Google home in the near future. Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,...... Matt I'd say they left it out so they could push their own stuff, but Play Movies isn't even on there. theProffer It sort of is because you can watch your purchases via YouTube iantrich There is a Plex service now named Flex TV Gabriel Dalposso "The speakers didn't go into detail" Ha! Was that a pun? SmashleyFC How does this differentiate accounts? Can anyone just add shit to my calendar? youareme7 as of today the best we know is it only supports one account. I'm guessing that'll change but who knows when Abhishek Saral Wait so if I am watching something on YouTube or listening to something on Spotify on an iPhone. And I say "Play this on my TV". Will it work? Even with an iPhone? Boolean Corporation Netflix or bust Angst They (At the event on October 4th) said that Netflix was already on-board with making integration in the 'very near' future JSo So anything that works with the Chromecast should work with the Nexus Player, right? João Dias So does this mean that Google keep is getting an api? :D Andrew Gallagher Any idea how it will work in a multiple Google account household? Andy J Yup....... until they implement something - you know - sensible.... currently you have to find out who is logged in, find them, ask them to log out (using their phone), log in and perform whatever it was you wanted to do (which you could of done 10 times over with just your phone by the time you get logged in to it). I wish they had resolved this issue BEFORE selling it.... scasmflop Video list seems a bit light... I would guess that Google Play Movies should be in there as well. I thought I remembered them calling up "Stranger Things" during the on stage demo to insinuate netflix also working in some capacity. Thomas Paulsen After the I/O event I was expecting that we would see some cunning home automation examples. Google is full of engineers that like to cook-up some awesome things. But we didn't see that. The only native home automation partner appears to be Nest. No word on the level of integration. Say an object moves into the Nest camera view. Let me see a live stream on my Android TV. Instead we are getting SmartThings support. SM had horrible latency at one point. So not only does my command have to go through Google but also through SM and back. Not to mention SM security concerns. No word on Brillo and Weave standards. Very concerning. I'd by a Google Home supported door lock right away. Smart door locks have been a disappointment so far actually. Defenestratus Smart things no longer has horrible latency. surethom Hopefully by the time Google Home comes to the UK next Summer or later, I hope Wemo & lifx are supported, & also able to select Hot word, even Hey Google is better than Ok Google. trent Why no voice calls over hangouts. Seems like a perfect use case. Oh right ... Hangouts is now a class B deprecated product! sasidhar79 any chance of Google Assistant becoming available for devices other than Pixel? Lars Jeppesen Allo MrCalifornia I wonder if there will be two user support. Would be awesome if it could recognize the difference between my wife and I and let us use different calendars, etc. steelew Whose user account does it use? In a house with 4 people, separation is a must. They haven't made any mention of it, so I'm guessing it's just one account. Andy J yup (at a time). Andy J I hope to see Logitech Media Center on here - it already supports Chromecasts so I expect they will do something..... Defenestratus I use a harmony hub through smartThings which is integrated with Home so I can control my heat pumps. Greg DePasse I (and 100's of others - https://goo.gl/KVWzkI) would like to know if Google Home (and Assistant for that matter) will work with GSuite accounts (the new Google Apps for Domain/Work etc). Assistant currently access personal details in Allo for instance, so it's not promising for those of us that pay for GSuite accounts for our families. mcdonsco Hopefully Google doesn't pull an Amazon and exclude ecobee because of nest; so far it looks that way :-/ Dn Bro I think you could try using ifttt nxtiak I have my Ecobee hooked to Smartthings Hub then to Google Home. It works. Đức Thành Would love to see some good podcast apps on that list. TuneIn is "Meh". Beast TuneIn is great for internet radio, I use it all the time :) Đức Thành I used to use TuneIn frequently, but then Pocket Casts happened. It's not perfect but it offers a significantly better experience. You should give it a try. Defenestratus Google Play Music does podcasts. Đức Thành I'm aware, but it does not in my country. xanok No Ecobee? doom Alexa can turn the temperature up or down on a Nest but can't turn the heat or cool on if it is set to off. If Google Home can do that, I'll switch right away. Beast I expect since Google bought Nest they will have full app integration as part of Google Home :) nxtiak I have an Ecobee3 thermostat and both my Alexa and Google Home is limited in what it can do the same thing it's weird. If it's on or auto it can switch, but if it's off, I can't set it to Auto. Emanuele Ricci I would really love to see an integration with Netatmo. Do you know if Google home has open APIs so I will be able to develop by my self an integration? Wikiwix I really hope Inbox comes for reminders... royrov Hoping for PocketCasts Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,....... sam1331 Hey Android Police, how about an article about which outlet plugs work? I have a TP-Link, which works fine with their app, but I've been holding off on buying anything more until I know it's compatible with Google Home. Having to unlock my phone, open the app, and then change the lights is too many steps for me to do with a smart device like lights. dhamp2g People are All these services with with very small followings when compared to google Eco system many of which who have never heard of in the general from non tech community this is aimed at the general population bill875 Support for Insteon would be nice. I have SmartThings as well for my Schlage locks, but Insteon controls some of the lighting in my house. DongoDongo Not trying to be negative but, can someone remind me why you need to "aumotate" your home, especially by voice? I can probably toggle the switch more than 10 times before you're done with a voice command. Adam Margeson Are you asking about reality, or what they're trying to sell me? They're selling me the ability to turn on/off the lights from the couch without having to get up. Not having to get up is not worth my health or however much they want for this and a couple of "smart lights". Beast Or in fact the total home automation, i.e. when you leave the house the lights turn off, when you come back they turn on, music can start to play when you come home, etc, etc. It isn't about convenience, it is about a new technological era.... :) Marko Šaric Is this an intentional oversimplification? Adam Margeson A little bit. I use Tasker to do all sorts of little automations of settings or interactions on my phone. But I'm not the average person - I like taking time to tweak and program things to make future interaction easier for myself. Most people aren't that enthusiastic about programming automation or will get frustrated with setting up rules that fit most situations properly. Example: "Arm my alarm system when I leave the house" -> the wife is still home when you walk out, the system still arms itself. "Do what I mean, not what I say," is something that comes to mind for how users want automation to work. When computer AI and sensing technology get to a much better state, we might be able to do that, but right now, proper automation takes a *lot* of patience to set up. Marko Šaric Fair enough. Defenestratus Because I can turn lights on and off without leaving my chair. For example, I Just told my Google Home "Hey Google turn on the christmas tree" and voila, its on. Its equally as useful when you want to turn on a whole room full of lights at the same time. in my Kitchen I have four different light switches that I'd need to tap in order to turn on all the lights. Instead I just say "Ok Google turn on all the kitchen lights" and bam. On. Likewise its great for dimming them. "Hey google dim the kitchen lights to 25%" Letting the dog out the back door, I go "OK google, turn on all the outside lights" turns on all of the fixtures outside. Now that I've lived with it for a few months, I don't know how I lived without it. (I have all of my switches linked through SmartThings) Leonardo Baez You don't "need" Its an option. Think of that disabled people who can switch lights, set temperature o turn on a tv just with their voice Tucker Sferro how convenient for Google that my Nexus 6 Google now voice activation from any screen is no longer available!! it visibly toggles itself off in settings, and other Nexus 6 owners have had the same issue for quite some time now. Beast Would be nice to get Hive integration, proper Cast to Sonos would be the selling point for me. Angus Marshall Your list is out of date already... Gerardo Sarabia Now if only they unified Assistant on Home and the Pixel... not gonna happen. Gotta keep things as inconsistent as possible, because Google. ChilZeg what kind of unification are you thinking??? Gerardo Sarabia Having the option of controlling other devices (chromecast, chromecast audio or chromecast built-in devices, for example) with Assistant on Pixel. Stenso Has anyone figured out how to use Reminders? "Okay Google, remind me to take the dog out?" "Okay, when would you like to be reminded? Say a place or time." "When I arrive home." "Your reminder has been set." Jon Fridman You can't use reminders via Google Home yet. I'm sure it's being worked on for a future release, or at least I hope so. Stenso This really disappointed me. I just kind of assumed this would work since it has Keep and Calendar hooks. It was a big reason I jumped ship from Echo. Fingers crossed it makes it in soon. Jon Fridman Due to an NDA I can't really comment on what Google is planning for the home in that regard. I have high hopes for my Google home and it's future abilities. BierKerl Doesn't your dog remind you to take it out quite aggressively when you get home? ;-) Leonardo Baez Lol 😂 Alec M Mine has serious issues streaming Netflix on my Asus Nexus Player. Has anyone else had the same experience with maybe a Roku or something similar? madmaglio Works fine with my gen 1 chromecast. The Home just start the stream. It's the device that would be having the issue. Alec M Yeah, I have some friends that have the small chromecasts and they work fine. I have a feeling that the issue is having a device that has Netflix as a standalone app installed. Bill Anderson Shouldn't Android TV be on this list? I know it's kind of covered by Chromecast, but then it wasn't supported until a day ago. Garrett Penfield Mine STILL doesn't work with Spotify... mrlex You spelt Philips wrong (only one l) YaKillaCJ Enabling IFTTT was a big 1. Thru this I am able to use Google Home to control Hook Automation which controls any RF device. It's making me spoiled. Vladimir Only Murica. Right? Any rumors when should it come overseas? Adam Carl Aren't you forgetting Uber? I can link my Uber account to my home Abhinav You can ask question on Quora too. JG Is there a way to get it to prefer one service over another? I haven't linked Netflix to the account the Home in the living room is connected to. Yet when I asked it to play "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" it only looks on Netflix for it. It use to have no problem pulling the album from Google Play Music (which is linked to the account). [The album BTW is basically an audio book if you don't have any video casting devices online] I got it to work after specifying GPM, but that's a bit of a mouth full. And since there is me Netflix account linked to it... Shouldn't it attempt to use an it has access to first? madmaglio I think if you say "listen to..." i think it will assume its music and not the film and use Play Music. Gregg Long There is a serious bug going on with Nest Thermostats. The Google Home can't find it - keeps saying it's unavailable. Even though Google Now can control it fine when you are out of the house. shayden Google home + Smartthings + Harmony Hub + IFTT for custom commands is all the home control I could ever want. I have an HDMI matrix and 4 TVs. I can just say "ok google set the secondary TV to Xbox" or "ok google set the sound to chromecast". And of course I can control all the lighting with my voice. And the one thing for me that puts google home far above the echo is my ability to play whole home audio with google home and chromecast audios. "ok google play my favorite music on first floor". Boom, done. PerhapsNever Ooooohhhh!!! How are you doing the input commands? I've been DYING to figure out how to expose actual Harmony controls to my GH. My setup is 3 Harmony Hubs, ST, Hue lights, and IFTTT. shayden You use IFTTT to bridge the home and the hub. The catch is whatever command you are trying to accomplish with the harmony hub has to be an activity. so I have made a ton of different activities just to do simple things like switch inputs or adjust volume. You setup IFTTT using google assistant as the "if". You can choose whatever activation command you want and can also put in different ways of saying it as well as a custom response back from the google home. you make the "then" the harmony activity that you want to run once the custom command is heard. PerhapsNever Ahhhh, gotcha. I only have about 5 activities on each of my hubs, but I never thought about making activities for a single action. GENIUS! Thanks for the reply! shayden I recommend using the desktop app vs the phone app when setting up all the activities. much easier and quicker to work with a mouse and keyboard. NoConcussion The Google Home app has been updated to include more than 50 "service" apps. Too many to list and probably memorize. Apps like games, psychotherapist, search capability, local events, social media, language training, news trends, pizza ordering, personal trainer and more. abc I'll check out Home in a few years. Let the fanboys do the full-retail price beta testing. dhamp2g Love to. Vandale Gentry You can order Domino's pizza from the Google Home! PorchSong BTW, it's "Continually" updated, not "continuously." But thank you for maintaining this list. Emanuele Ricci Still waiting for Netatmo :'( Abdulgader Badkook You forgot to mention akinator. It is available by saying "let me speak to akinator" Shahul Hameed Akbar Why isn't Shield not listed in streaming devices? I am able to cast music and YT videos from Google Home to it since December. Kevin Brosseau So the New Shield is not supported yet with casting Netflix to the box? Ruperto17 Netflix does not work with Google TV, only Chromecast at the moment. Google Home will tell me if I try to send anything to my Nexus Player. pookietookie Google Home can set calendar reminders now? dcdttu Do the Honeywell thermostats require SmartThings? (As in, are they Z-Wave?) If so, should they be a subset of SmartThings? If not, nvrmnd. Artem Russakovskii No, they're just Wi-Fi, like Nest. dcdttu Well that makes sense then. :-) Now I'm just waiting patiently for Wink to get the green light. Adam Margeson Sorry, but since GH can't connect to it, we can't set the light's color to green. /s Roy So am I missing something or is Android TV seriously not supported? Kostas 💪🎩 It's Bang & Olufsen James Ogle You've added Belkin Wemo, but it doesn't support their lightbulbs. Only their switches and power outlets. I've tried it, it doesn't recognise the Wemo Link hub or anything connected to it. bigwill_420 I see they didn't bother putting nvidia shield tv on the list. 😢 Leonardo Baez How do I use the services? mustbepbs Still can't add time to an existing timer. keithzg Remains only available in the US and UK. Dammit, Google, Canada is right here, on the same continent, and if you were worried about the spelling of "colour" on the packaging or something then you've already handled that with the UK, so what's the delay? Adam Margeson Quebec and it's requirement for French support. keithzg Yeah, but they don't have to sell it in Quebec. They already exclude certain provinces and territories from certain software and hardware products as it is, in fact. iantrich You're missing quite a few services and iHeartRadio is already integrated Anthony Chandler Any word on Sonos integration? I get that they're competitors w/ Chromecast Audio, but I've heard that Sonos is looking for tighter integration with popular services... AlRegals I really need Hulu to start working with Google Home. Ben K (digitalhigh) Ryan - you're missing my app "Flex TV'. http://phlexchat.com/get 4Ui812 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] The question now is, will Google home work with them? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I'm sorry, I won't do that yet. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Now if only it supported apps on Android TV. I really hate not being able to start Netflix shows on my SHIELD. iantrich GH no longer uses Google Keep MatchstickMan Have you guys considered putting superscript numbers next to the newer additions with a key at the bottom that states when the list was updated to reflect those additions? Mike W You should go ahead and remove Google Keep, no longer works with it. Chia iheart radio has been live for me for a couple of weeks Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 131 queries | 0.530s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Anonymous Tip Off Advertise Contact About Support MediaNama   MOBILE ECOMMERCE PAYMENTS POLICY FUNDING MORE REPORTS Menu Carriage Telecom Broadband DTH IPTV MVNO Mobile TV WiMax TV Content Media Apps Books Films Gaming Indic Languages Music Sports Video Services E-Commerce Digital Payments Classifieds Advertising Education Travel Health Location Based Services Matrimony Search Social Media News Earnings Industry Moves Interviews Guest Posts Charts Research & Numbers Policy & Legal Policy E-Governance Legal Net Neutrality Surveillance Hot News Privacy Web Censorship Investments Investments Mergers & Acquisitions IPO Joint Ventures Startups Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad Final call for #NAMApolicy: Fake News, Rumors & Online Content Regulation, 22nd Feb, Delhi – #ad IIM Calcutta Alumni fire up India's Hottest Startups - #Ad #NAMApolicy: Fake News, Rumors & Online Content Regulation, 22nd February, Delhi – #ad More in Payments Vodafone M-Pesa allows loan EMI payments; primer for payments bank? India’s approach to Direct Carrier Billing is problematic Fino Paytech, NABARD will deploy 5k micro ATMs for rural banking Ant Financial ups its price to buy MoneyGram by 36% How Sodexo is going digital in India Digital Jobs Onboarding Manager Business Development Officer German Freelance Content Writer Freelance Content Writer Journalist Comments Tharun: Your point is true. Everyone should link their PAN card... sketharaman: Yet another story that regurgitates whatever a company says. “While... Karthik Kumar Chilakala: Dear Admin Parliament is the Law Making body of the... Rahul M: These digitized Sodexo meal cards are rarely accepted as many... Sher Ali: Rank Hijack Review Sher Ali: Rank Hijack Reviews Headlines Typing with your brain, internet beaming drones and other highlights from F8 Day 2 Amazon’s Fire TV Stick: Not quite Chromecast Network 18 looking to sell its restaurant search business Burrp Uber launches a dashboard for corporate clients to manage cabs Videocon D2H to load Hungama Play into its STBs; Competition Aircel is looking to get a payments bank licence: report Facebook F8 2017 Lowdown: Messenger 2.0, Workplace, AR Studio, Spaces Vodafone M-Pesa allows loan EMI payments; primer for payments bank? India’s approach to Direct Carrier Billing is problematic As subscriptions slow down, Netflix focusses on content: Q1 2017 results Interviews All Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota TinyOwl's Harshvardhan Mandad on its plans to roll out deliveries with Roadrunnr Related #carrier billing #Department of Telecom #Digital Payments #Internet #Mobile #Payments Related Watal Committe Report recommends regulation for Carrier Billing in India YuppTV enables carrier billing in Bahrain The change in approach behind the Idea Cellular & Google Play carrier billing deal in India It’s official: Mandatory to link mobile number to Aadhaar within a year What WhatsApp will have to consider before entering the payments biz in India MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum Home » carrier billing, Department of Telecom, Digital Payments, Internet, Mobile, Payments, Policy, Telecom India’s approach to Direct Carrier Billing is problematic By Nikhil Pahwa ( @nixxin , +NikhilPahwa ) on April 19, 2017 April 19, 2017 by Nikhil Pahwa 01 India’s Department of Telecommunications yesterday allowed mobile users to purchase digital content, like apps and e-books, by making payments from their prepaid balance and post-paid bills, up to a value of Rs 20,000. This follows a recommendation from the Watal Committee report on digital payments, which explicitly said that direct carrier billing is not permitted under current regulations, but that the RBI, TRAI and the DoT should allow Direct Carrier Billing. The good news first: The most significant development in this announcement is that now prepaid users can purchase apps and services using their mobile balance. Remember that though direct carrier billing had been launched earlier last year (with a deal between Idea and Google), it had subsequently been limited, via a direction from the Department of Telecom (we were told by sources), only to postpaid consumers. Google subsequently also launched carrier billing for the Play Store with Airtel, with the same limitation. Over 95% of India’s user base is prepaid: the first put money into their mobile account, and then use it for purchases. This development will allow apps creators to target more than just the 1%. The terrible news: The Department of Telecom has also said that “Such purchase of digital content shall not be treated as pass-through revenue for the purpose of computing Adjusted Gross Revenue (AGR) for license fee and spectrum usage charge.” Advertisement Now, this is myopic and creates a massive disincentive for carrier billing. One key reason why content creators did not want to integrate carrier billing was the additional charges that were levied on the content. Because the government taxed telecom operator revenue for license fee and “spectrum usage charge” (together called WPC charges). The Indian government takes a certain percentage (around 8-10%) of a telecom operator revenue as Adjusted Gross Revenue. Historically, these charges amounted to 12-13% in total. On top of that, telecom operators would keep their own revenue share, the aggregator (like Google Play Store would keep theirs, and the remainder would go to the content creator. In 2014, Vodafone was giving 60-70% of money to the aggregator, post taxes. To simplify (and do correct me if I’m wrong about this): Historically, with WPC Charges, for every Rs 100 that was spent on Mobile VAS, in a best case scenario: For every Rs 100, the government gets Rs 13. Rest get Rs 83. From the Rs 83, the telecom operator keeps Rs 24.9 (30%). Rest get Rs 58.1. From the Rs 58.1, the aggregator keeps Rs 17.43 (30%). Content provider gets Rs 40.67 In a worst case scenario: For every Rs 100, the government gets Rs 13. Rest get Rs 83. From the Rs 83, the telecom operator keeps Rs 58.1 (70%). Rest get Rs 24.9. From the Rs 24.9, the aggregator keeps Rs 7.47 (30%). Content provider gets Rs 17.43 Of course, revenue shares may vary, but this indicates how for content providers, much of the revenue gets lost in transmission. What Google and Idea had done was a best case scenario. For an app that cost Rs 100 For every Rs 100, government got Rs 0, since this was treated as pass-through-revenue For Rs 100, Idea levied a 16% convenience fee. Rest got Rs 84 On the Rs 84, Google took 30% as app store (aggregator) charges. Developer got Rs 58.8 From what we heard, the structure varied by circle, but that is unconfirmed. Still, it is a better deal than what happens when there are WPC charges. Pass through revenue or not Our recommendation, in 2014, was: 1. Take carrier billing out of the mandate of telecom license fees, and treat them as pass-through revenue 2. Kill the revenue share, enforce a transaction fee 3. Enforce verification of billing (to prevent fraud, which was/is rife in case of mobile VAS) The argument against here is that purchasing an app or a video online isn’t utilization of spectrum: consumption of data is. So while the government should get a revenue share for usage of data, it shouldn’t be applicable to the act of paying for something. This can actually be contested in court, but I doubt that will happen: telecom operators don’t really care that much about carrier billing; they have other battles to fight in court. What can happen next It’s not likely that the telecom operators and the Google Play Store will shut down direct carrier billing just because WPC charges are applicable. What they can do, is change the way they are working together. It’s a little complicated, but here goes: Recharges go to wallets, not prepaid account: Airtel, Idea, Vodafone, Reliance Jio together account for most of India’s mobile and Internet users. All of them have licenses for wallets, and wallets can do auto recharge. What telecom operators can do is ensure that any prepaid recharge goes straight to a wallet account, and this money is available for payments, and for topping up recharges of the prepaid mobile account. Play Store junks carrier billing, and switches to wallet payments: tie up with multiple wallet services, including all the telecom operator wallets. At present, the Google Play Store has no wallet partnerships. The only question that remains: is it worth it? For direct carrier billing aggregators, like Fortumo, Boku and ipayy, this is option isn’t available, so WPC charges will remain. Our past reports on Direct Carrier Billing: Big deal: Idea to launch carrier billing for Google Play Store apps The change in approach behind the Idea Cellular & Google Play carrier billing deal in India Watal Committe Report recommends regulation for Carrier Billing in India Will India finally move forward with carrier billing? Download: Department of telecommunications notification 01 Related #carrier billing #Department of Telecom #Digital Payments #Internet #Mobile #Payments Related Watal Committe Report recommends regulation for Carrier Billing in India YuppTV enables carrier billing in Bahrain The change in approach behind the Idea Cellular & Google Play carrier billing deal in India It’s official: Mandatory to link mobile number to Aadhaar within a year What WhatsApp will have to consider before entering the payments biz in India MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum < Previous Next > As subscriptions slow down, Netflix focusses on content: Q1 2017 results Vodafone M-Pesa allows loan EMI payments; primer for payments bank? Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad Final call for #NAMApolicy: Fake News, Rumors & Online Content Regulation, 22nd Feb, Delhi – #ad IIM Calcutta Alumni fire up India's Hottest Startups - #Ad #NAMApolicy: Fake News, Rumors & Online Content Regulation, 22nd February, Delhi – #ad More in carrier billing India’s approach to Direct Carrier Billing is problematic ALT Balaji ties up with Fortumo for carrier billing Will India finally move forward with carrier billing? Watal Committe Report recommends regulation for Carrier Billing in India Updated: Google Play Store launches carrier billing with Airtel & Vodafone; Wallets? Digital Jobs Onboarding Manager Business Development Officer German Freelance Content Writer Freelance Content Writer Journalist Comments Tharun: Your point is true. Everyone should link their PAN card... sketharaman: Yet another story that regurgitates whatever a company says. “While... Karthik Kumar Chilakala: Dear Admin Parliament is the Law Making body of the... Rahul M: These digitized Sodexo meal cards are rarely accepted as many... Sher Ali: Rank Hijack Review Sher Ali: Rank Hijack Reviews Headlines Typing with your brain, internet beaming drones and other highlights from F8 Day 2 Amazon’s Fire TV Stick: Not quite Chromecast Network 18 looking to sell its restaurant search business Burrp Uber launches a dashboard for corporate clients to manage cabs Videocon D2H to load Hungama Play into its STBs; Competition Aircel is looking to get a payments bank licence: report Facebook F8 2017 Lowdown: Messenger 2.0, Workplace, AR Studio, Spaces Vodafone M-Pesa allows loan EMI payments; primer for payments bank? India’s approach to Direct Carrier Billing is problematic As subscriptions slow down, Netflix focusses on content: Q1 2017 results Interviews All Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota TinyOwl's Harshvardhan Mandad on its plans to roll out deliveries with Roadrunnr Related #carrier billing #Department of Telecom #Digital Payments #Internet #Mobile #Payments Related Watal Committe Report recommends regulation for Carrier Billing in India YuppTV enables carrier billing in Bahrain The change in approach behind the Idea Cellular & Google Play carrier billing deal in India It’s official: Mandatory to link mobile number to Aadhaar within a year What WhatsApp will have to consider before entering the payments biz in India MTNL posts net profit of Rs 174.58 crore after surrendering CDMA spectrum QUICK LINKS Home Jobs CATEGORIES Internet Mobile Policy Apps Marketing Telecom SEGMENTS Interviews Views charts financials CONNECT Contact Us Advertise Anonymous Tip Off Subscribe INFORMATION About Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers © 2008-2014 Mixed Bag Media Pvt. Ltd. Designed and developed by Solomo Media .
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Internet  |  Features  | 5 things you can do with Google Earth 5 things you can do with Google Earth List of things you can do with Google Earth Published: Wednesday, April 19, 2017, 21:00 [IST] Recently, Google has redesigned its Earth application both on Android and the web, where it lets the user see 3D maps of the selected locations, learn about random places around the world, and take guided tours. These tours are interactive and are led by scientists, documentarians, and other experts, helping us learning about the world. So, today, we have compiled a list of 5 that you can do on Google Earth. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Feeling lucky Just like Google, this Earth application also has one. When you click, it will take you to some random location from opera houses in Italy to hot springs in Japan, before showing you a "knowledge card" of interesting facts. While you are at the location, you can check out the places in 3D on your web browser or mobile. Aircraft in flight In here, we can also try to capture the image of the plane flying mid-air as well. Google made it more interesting by the fact that every time it updates the satellite image of the planes in different places. SEE ALSO: Get these amazing Backgrounds for your mobile and desktop Take a tour One of the most useful ways to use Google Earth is to take a tour around the world. With audio tour guides and fly-through routes, you can experience the seven wonders of the world all from your chair at home. Beyond Earth Once you are done with earth, you can also opt for universe simulation programs like Space Engine, where it lets you fly freely around the night sky to trace constellations, learn about exoplanets, and much more. Flight simulation If you are bored, you can take up the flight simulator, scan the world and cruise down the coast. You'll get your pick of an SR22 hobbyist plane, or if you're feeling fancy the F22 is available for pilots too. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Google Pixel 2 61,999 Specs Competitors Images Gallery   |   16 Photos Google Pixel 2 Concept Design +See All Read More About google earth | apps | android | desktop Other articles published on Apr 19, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) pictures leaked online COAI wants Govt to address financial crisis in telecom industry Huawei P10 shows different storage speed: Report Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Purported Honor 9 render hits the web; exposes the design Amazon Fire TV Stick vs Apple TV vs Google ChromeCast Moto E4 spotted on Geekbench; key specs come to light Airtel introduces Rs. 649 plan for postpaid users Pixel XL accidentally receives 'Dogfood' Build of May Security update Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus likely to be launched soon, tips analyst Facebook Space lets you hang out with friends and family Airtel giving up 100 GB free data to Amazon Five TV Stick users Apple to renovate its iPhone design on 10th anniversary How to make sure Google has accessed your correct address Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google google earth Redesigned Google Earth adds guided tours, 3D view and more By Shawn Knight on Apr 19, 2017, 7:00 AM TechSpot Google has rolled out an updated version of Google Earth for Android and on the web that provides additional ways for users to explore and learn about this amazing planet we call home. The standout feature of the new Google Earth is Voyager which provides interactive guided tours courtesy of scientists, non-profits and storytellers from around the world. Interested in learning more about various landmarks? Simply click the UNESCO World Heritage Sites category to virtually visit 30 historic landmarks like the Pyramid of Khufu, the Taj Mahal or the Borobudur Temple in Indonesia. Or, perhaps you’d rather sail through Raja Ampat and get up close and personal with some of the world’s most impressive coral reefs? Google has also expanded its “I’m feeling lucky” feature to Google Earth, allowing you to be transported to a new and interesting place every time you click the dice icon (my first click took me to Lambai Island in Taiwan and then Swallow’s Nest, a decorative castle located in the Crimean Peninsula). Google says they’ve curated roughly 20,000 different places so you’ve got plenty to keep you busy. The update, which is two years in the making and arrives just days ahead of Earth Day on April 22, additionally includes a new 3D button that lets you view imagery with a bit of depth. Job well done, Google. Related Reads Google's new project helps people to install solar panels using Google Earth data Google announces Google Earth VR for the HTC Vive Redesigned Google+ now rolling out to all users 1 comment 55 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… The Xiaomi Mi 6 starts at $360 and comes with a Snapdragon 835, dual camera setup Play StarCraft for free with updated graphics Pretty much everyone uses their phone while driving Popular The Best CPUs: This is what you should get 5 Days of Awesome Wallpapers: Nature Photography and Amazing Scenes Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 18 Pretty much everyone uses their phone while driving 7 Microsoft Authenticator app adds phone sign-in option, skips the password 14 Steve Wozniak: Apple, Google, and Facebook will be much bigger in 2075 than today 12 Suspect in Facebook shooting dead after police chase 8 New York City may soon force Uber to introduce in-app tipping Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News Mike Pence to visit Indonesia's largest mosque in outreach to Muslims on Asia to China to launch first cargo spacecraft for space lab on April 20 Indonesian Muslim candidate wins Jakarta election Singapore: Fire breaks out at vehicle scrapyard near Teban Gardens ISIS gunmen attack St. Catherine's Monastery in Egypt, one policeman dead World Mike Pence to visit Indonesia's largest mosque in outreach to Muslims on Asia to China to launch first cargo spacecraft for space lab on April 20 ISIS gunmen attack St. Catherine's Monastery in Egypt, one policeman dead Father not happy with Air Canada's apology for bumping 10-year-old from oversold Pence takes message of US resolve against North Korea to Japan Asia Pacific Mike Pence to visit Indonesia's largest mosque in outreach to Muslims on Asia to China to launch first cargo spacecraft for space lab on April 20 Singapore: Fire breaks out at vehicle scrapyard near Teban Gardens Thailand sets late King Bhumibol's cremation for Oct 26, funeral to take place o Want to shed some weight? Drinking gin can help to shed few kilos by boosting me Business China first-quarter GDP grows faster than expected 6.9 percent, steel output hit In about-face, Trump nominates new head of export bank Singapore economy expands by 2.5% in Q1 triggered by manufacturing, services ind China offers concessions to avert trade war with US, says international daily Global stocks spooked, safe-haven assets jump as US missiles strike Syria Technology Google Maps' Timeline finally hits iOS iPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 vs Pixel vs OnePlus 3T: Speed test compariso Snapchat brings AR support with 3D World lenses to iPhone's rear camera iMovie, GarageBand and iWork apps now free for iOS users iPhone 8 aka 'iPhone Edition' to feature stainless steel frame, vertical VR came Sports Lionel Messi-led Argentina to face Singapore at National Stadium on 13 June Manchester United v Anderlecht, Europa League 2016/17: How to watch live, TV lis Rafael Nadal says he is more worried about his knee than wrist injury ahead of M Boeung Ket Angkor v JDT, AFC Cup 2017 live streaming: How to watch online, TV li Real Madrid v Bayern Munich, Champions League 2016/17: How to watch live, TV lis Entertainment My Sassy Girl Reboot: First teaser poster, cast, release date and other details Jiyeon of T-ara and Jung Joon Young dating? Truth revealed Park Bo Young loves Park Hyun Sik's company: Stars dating in real-life? Running Man: SISTAR's Hyorin to appear on show as Kim Jong Kook's love interest? First trailer of Superman prequel series leaked online, watch it here! Health Want to shed some weight? Drinking gin can help to shed few kilos by boosting me Suffering from high blood pressure? Eating yogurt is vital for you Chocolate consumption in small quantities reduces heart ailment and diabetes ris Apple's biomedical engineers secretly developing non-invasive blood-sugar level Singapore: NEA confirms 2 new Zika cases at Poh Huat Terrace, Terrasse Lane Lifestyle Want to shed some weight? Drinking gin can help to shed few kilos by boosting me 2 Kiwifruits a day keep heart problems away: Know more about the little fruit th Ford develops baby crib that acts like car Unique images of runway creations at China Fashion Week 2017 [PHOTOS] In Pictures: The best of Moscow Fashion Week 2017 Search News Technology Smartphones Google Maps' Timeline finally hits iOS April 19, 2017 19:53 SGT By Vinod Yalburgi iOS users can now receive daily Time line updates via Google Maps including activities and places visited Google has just launched the popular Timeline feature for its Maps app on iOS, which was earlier limited to Android. Google Maps users can now receive daily Timeline updates featuring all the places they have visited on a particular day or the highlights of their daily activities. As the timeline feature uses GPS for location marking, it may not always be accurate in pin-pointing a real-world place with an accurate description. Consequently, Google is offering users the alternative of editing the location info to make the description more accurate and comprehensive. Google Maps users can also surf info about the available modes of transport, besides the option to delete private data or location history from the timeline. Much of the data collected from the Timeline will be reserved for private access through The Places and business cards feature in Google Maps. Registered email users will also get monthly letters from Google which will highlight the activities and places visited by the user during that particular month. Interested iOS users who would like to explore the new Timeline features may go ahead and download the updated version of Google Maps here. [Source: Google Blog] Related Google Wifis randomly stop working or turn solid blue, here's how to fix Pixel and Nexus users reporting fingerprint sensor issues after Android 7.1.2 update Google Play Store showing blank white screen: How to fix Google Duo: Audio calling launches worldwide Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE IPhone 7 Plus vs Galaxy S8 vs LG G6 vs Pixel vs OnePlus 3T: Speed test comparison Snapchat brings AR support with 3D World lenses to iPhone's rear camera IMovie, GarageBand and iWork apps now free for iOS users IPhone 8 aka 'iPhone Edition' to feature stainless steel frame, vertical VR camera Galaxy S8 suffers red tint issue after Bixby fiasco Follow Us: Google Wifis randomly stop working or turn solid blue, here's how to fix Samsung blocks remapping of Bixby button on Galaxy S8 WhatsApp may soon roll out feature of recalling sent messages As Putin denies building robot army, video of Russian robot shooting like Terminator goes viral Nokia 6 starts receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat OTA IBTimes Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
x PhoneArena is hiring! San Francisco writer PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony Apple HTC LG Huawei Motorola Google View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Apple LG Motorola Sony HTC Huawei Google more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers were made Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers were made Posted: 19 Apr 2017, 07:31, by Milen Y. Share Tweet Share Tags : Google-Google+ Google yesterday launched a revamped version of Google Earth, introducing an entire section for professional guided tours and an overhauled user interface, among other improvements. One of the biggest highlights of the new release, however, is the platform's improved 3D capabilities, Google says, and for a good reason. Google Earth has a new “3D” button that quickly makes flat satellite imagery pop, and although it works better in some locations than others, the enhanced 3D view can oftentimes deliver some pretty impressive views. We saw the same tech, although not without some human input, grace the Google Pixel and Pixel XL with a handful of beautiful live wallpapers, that brought to life various interesting geographical locations in 3D. If you've ever wondered how these came to be, and what made them look so realistic, then feel welcome to quench your curiosity with Google's latest educational video on the topic. As you know, the more you zoom in Google Earth, the more detailed the imagery below becomes. However (thankfully), satellites are not (yet) capable of capturing so much detail from that great a distance, so Google instead has to use airplanes to take photos for that final zoom level. In its never-ending mission to map everything in existence, Google uses planes equipped with five cameras – one looking down and four looking to the left, right, back, and forward. This allows them to take a heck of a lot of pictures (and they stitch together many, many photos for Google Earth), and also provides ample material for the powerful computers to do their magic. Some of the 3D views that Google Earth is capable of creating (mostly) on its own look very impressive (unless you zoom to ground level) After taking a ton of aerial photos, the Google team then loads all the images onto powerful servers that use AI algorithms to create various depth maps of the pictures, which are then stitched together to become a mesh (or an automatic 3D reconstruction of a place). The final step is to texture the whole thing (i.e. to apply the photos over the mesh), and there you have it. Of course, some places have enjoyed more attention than others, with Yosemite National Park and the stunning Half Dome being a prime example, but Google Earth teams are constantly working on bringing more improvements to the platform. Check out the video below for even more interesting information on Google Earth, presented by the lovely Nat & Lo (the voices of Google Assistant). Also, don't forget to check out the brand new version of Google Earth, which is now live online and is also coming to Android in the following days. source: Google Lots of new features coming soon to Microsoft's Arrow Launcher 19 Apr Prev news Watch out for iPhones 'refurbished' with counterfeit parts – because it's 19 Apr Next news Close newer posts China is the strange place where Microsoft sells Xiaomi phones instead 19 Apr PayPal and Android Pay now work together so your PayPal balance finally 19 Apr 50% Spotify Premium student discount now available in 33 new countries, 19 Apr Watch out for iPhones 'refurbished' with counterfeit parts – because it's 19 Apr Now reading: Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers were made Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers 19 Apr Lots of new features coming soon to Microsoft's Arrow Launcher 19 Apr The Xiaomi Mi 6 probably isn't the flagship phone you're waiting for – 19 Apr ZTE announced the Axon 7s with a chip upgrade and a dual-camera setup – 19 Apr Xiaomi Mi 6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus specs comparison 19 Apr Galaxy S8/S8+ red discoloration issue downplayed by Samsung 19 Apr older posts Featured stories   Is the media misleading you about the Samsung Galaxy S8 display?   Galaxy S8/S8+ Q&A   Taking a closer look at the Galaxy S8’s AKG earphones   Kuo says Galaxy Note 8 to feature dual camera setup   Galaxy S8+ vs Galaxy S7 edge interface comparison   Camera comparison: Galaxy S8+, iPhone, Galaxy S7 edge, LG G6 1 Comments Options Close Follow › Following Show comments: default show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Always view all comments Save posted on yesterday, 11:32 1 Reply 1. gustavoace (Posts: 186; Member since: 13 Nov 2012) So you can see the Glaciers melting... can't believe they were right this whole time.. #fakenews Jokes aside, its impressive. Really. view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers were made Google explains how Earth's incredible 3D imagery and Pixel's live wallpapers were made Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Samsung Galaxy Note 8 concept images envision a striking 6.4-inch handset with dual camera setup   Xiaomi Mi 6, with 6GB of RAM, tops the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ on benchmark test   This guy got his Nexus 5X upgraded to 4GB RAM like it was nothing   Next week's T-Mobile Tuesday allows you to put down some roots for free 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Samsung Galaxy S8 display: What's the deal with the new aspect ratio? Mobile phone insurance versus repairs – how do costs add up? Following the Galaxy S8 reveal, does the LG G6 actually stand a chance on the market? 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review LG G6 8.7 Review Samsung Galaxy S8 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ Premium Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Huawei P10 7.5 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S8+ 9 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Is the media misleading you about the Samsung Galaxy S8 display? Samsung Galaxy S8+ unboxing and first look Bixby's success or failure should improve all smartphones Samsung Galaxy S8 display: What's the deal with the new aspect ratio? Insure or repair? Get the best bang for the buck Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7: best of the best Best smartphones you can buy right now: April 2017 Best smartwatches (Spring 2017) Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: PubGalaxy, Cell phone accessories About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Internet New version of Google Earth goes live with guided tours and 3D maps New version of Google Earth goes live with guided tours and 3D maps By Ryan Whitwam on April 19, 2017 at 9:15 am Comment Google Earth has been on autopilot for the last few years as Google busied itself with other things. Now, the product is getting its first major update since 2012 with staggeringly cool 3D maps, guided tours, and a whole lot more. You don’t even need to download anything special to check it out on your computer (as long as you use Chrome). Simply head over to the new and improved Earth web interface. For Android users, there’s also a new version of the Earth app rolling out. One of the most fascinating things about Earth was simply scrolling around to see what the world looks like from above. Now, you can get a much more realistic look at things. The 3D mode renders the world so you can see things from any angle, based on data from satellites and Street View. The results are impressive (see below), but it’s not available everywhere. I wouldn’t call it photorealistic, either. Objects up close look a bit like low-poly blobs that happen to representations of the real world. Google is also making a big deal of its guided tours, which are called Voyager. These aren’t just random algorithmic collections of locations or a mess of Street View photos. Google actually worked with scientists and conservation experts to put together Voyager. There are 50 tours available at launch covering locales like the Galapagos Islands, UNESCO World Heritage Sites, and “Hemingway’s Hangouts.” There are tie-ins with the BBC’s Planet Earth, NASA, Sesame Street, and more for additional content when you zoom in on certain areas as well. Google plans to add more tours to Voyager on a weekly basis, as least for a while. If all that’s not to your liking and you just want to wander around, there’s a new “I’m feeling lucky” button. That blasts you across the globe to a random location and brings up a knowledge card so you can learn more. The cards include a description from Wikipedia, nearby points of interest, and related searches. Earth has traditionally been a very unguided casual experience where you make your own fun. And if you wanted actual directions, you’d just use Maps. This update appears to be an attempt to make Earth more than a pleasant diversion. The web version of Google Earth is available to everyone, but the Android version is still in the early stages of an incremental rollout. The version with all the new features is v9.0. Give it a day or so, and it should be in the Play Store for everyone. Tagged In google chrome apps earth maps google earth Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Bose accused of spying on end users, data mining their private records via headphone app Apr 19 How USB charging works, or how to avoid blowing up your smartphone Apr 19 How to boost your Wi-Fi speed by choosing the right channel Apr 19 ET deals: 55-inch Vizio P55-C1 4K display for $1000 with $300 bonus gift card Apr 19 Nintendo reportedly working on SNES Classic Edition console Apr 19 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Over-Hyped And Over-Rated: Luxury Institute’s 7 Critical Things your Artificial Intelligence Vendor Won’t Tell You, But You Need to Know NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 19, 2017) – Artificial intelligence (AI) is the new buzzword being applied to seemingly every business challenge you can name. AI is an area of computer science that uses „intelligent agents” to develop capabilities in robots and computers to perceive and react like humans, and therefore to augment and/or replace humans, especially in doing tasks that are predictably rote, frequent and high-volume. Popular applications of AI can be found in language translation, self-driving cars, disease diagnosis, fraud detection, and delivering solutions to clients via chatbots. It is important, however, to note the limitations of AI. Unlike humans, AI has no consciousness, cannot feel genuine emotions, and is incapable of empathy, nor can it generate or deal well with novelty and other uniquely human attributes. „Every time I hear ‚today it’s all about artificial intelligence,’ I know that I am about to be sold another allegedly disruptive and very expensive tech project that will overpromise and under-deliver,” the CEO of a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand lamented at a recent meeting in New York with Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza. „My team’s challenge is that we are not expert enough about AI to know how to best use it, and how to maximize our return on investment. Everyone who sells algorithms claims to be AI-driven. We don’t know what or whom we can trust to serve our clients’ interests.” That sentiment sums up the current dilemma confronting luxury goods and services leaders who are trying to determine the most effective AI projects to undertake, and to choose partners that they can trust to complete projects safely and profitably. Unfortunately, results rarely live up to the claims made by consultants. Remember Y2K and CRM? This is bigger, a lot bigger; and so are the claims. If you believe the hype from AI vendors, your sales — and the GDP of the United States — should double by year-end, even though most of your employees will be replaced by chatbots. You may need a fraud detection AI application to help you navigate this terrain. AI leaders claim that they have „super powers,” that AI is the new electricity, and that there is no industry that AI will not disrupt. The humility is overwhelming, but they may be right, at least about the last two points. Still, legendary Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, who should know better than anyone, says that he doesn’t just walk, he runs when he hears buzzwords and lofty promises bandied about by tech start-up founders and salespeople because it’s usually an indication of undifferentiated technology, destined to be commoditized, that delivers zero competitive advantage. AI is the latest and greatest buzzword. It is also over-hyped and over-rated, perhaps more than CRM, Big Data, analytics, and the Kardashians. Regardless of your opinion of Peter Thiel, his insights and track record should give you pause, and he is not alone in his views among technology investors. In a February 2017 video interview with Fei-Fei Li, head of AI at Google, Michael Abbott, general partner at Silicon Valley’s premier venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, estimated that he meets with 15 new start-ups a week, and 10 of them use the term AI in their pitch. When he probes entrepreneurs on their AI claims, Abbott finds that most of them do not understand what they are saying, and often what they are doing does not truly constitute true artificial intelligence or machine learning. If top venture capitalists are skeptical of those who label themselves AI experts, you should be too. Bringing Business Expertise To Artificial Intelligence Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza is no stranger to the core drivers of AI, which include clean, structured data, processing technology, genetic algorithms, and, most importantly, domain expertise. Not by coincidence, those are the same core elements on a smaller scale, that drive customer relationship management. In 1997, Pedraza, for years a huge fan of Complexity Theory and the Santa Fe Institute, began to successfully execute CRM at Citigroup. Based on his results, he was selected to lead Citi’s global CRM project. With massive amounts of client data, he hired a Boston-based data-mining firm to build predictive models using genetic algorithms. Pedraza also ran the global CRM project for $20 billion+ Cendant briefly before becoming an entrepreneur in 2003. In 2004, knowing well the power of genetic algorithms, Pedraza hired IcoSystem, a modeling firm that uses neural networks and genetic algorithms, to assess the viability of his own luxury automobile shared access start-up. Pedraza came away with the understanding that most technology is a commodity and that the only true ways to differentiate in luxury are your unique, relevant products and empowered brand ambassadors with highly developed expertise and mastery in emotional intelligence. Pedraza’s experience illustrates that CRM and AI have more in common than many luxury and retail executives perceive. Both CRM and AI run on the same rocket and fuel, as Stanford’s Andrew Ng likes to put it. Unfortunately, CRM after more than two decades has yet to deliver on its over-hyped promises, and while CRM technology is a great tool with real benefits drawn from the investment, there is no CRM system on the planet that has ever delivered sustainable competitive advantage to a brand. Most projects still under-deliver. Recently, a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand based in Europe that was reputed to be the most tech savvy discontinued its relationship with the largest CRM provider due to unsustainable costs and low measurable benefits. While the entire luxury and retail industry and society may benefit astronomically from AI, for your brand, it will simply become table stakes. Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft can accumulate massive amounts of proprietary data, and they are investing billions in cloud infrastructure to store and process that data. In AI, if you are dependent on vendors and don’t have the massive proprietary data, processing power and expert staff of a Google, you will become the next trial and error test case. It makes sense that if AI is the new electricity, then by definition almost everyone can plug into the benefits. Like electricity, AI is imperative for any brand, in any industry. In luxury, AI will be even more critical than it is in price-driven, commodity categories, where human beings will not be a part of the front-line equation like they are in luxury. AI will likely enhance most luxury back-office and front-line jobs rather than replace them completely. It remains to be seen whether AI will deliver a high ROI to luxury goods and services brands, or, whether, like e-commerce, it will simply add costs and force brands to compete with economically irrational competitors such as Amazon. To help luxury goods and services leaders make optimal decisions, Luxury Institute recently conducted a study to identify current myths and realities of AI. Luxury Institute researchers, aided by a retail expert with a master’s degree in mathematics and statistics from Columbia University, pored over documents and reviewed dozens of courses and videos, including those of Silicon Valley legend, Andrew Ng, seeking out and distilling the most objective insights. Here are seven critical facts your AI vendor won’t tell you, but you absolutely need to know before you sign on the dotted line: 1. AI needs access to massive amounts of data. Insiders confess that the one thing that has driven AI’s current vibrant state is not so much better algorithms, but the vast amounts of data that are now being generated every second by the Internet, and within proprietary company databases. Still, many individual companies suffer from scarcity of clean, structured data. If your data collection discipline is dismal, as is often the case, especially on the front-lines, then your ability to provide massive nourishment for the machine learning required by hungry algorithms is limited, no matter how clever they are. You need to conduct a data audit immediately, and assess the amount, relevance, and quality of your data. Identify which data are critical for your business to thrive. Begin to collect the critical data now. Client books, with their critical data, must be digitized in the era of AI. Clean, accurate data is the critical asset today, and if you don’t have it, your business is destined to expire. 2. AI will only work if you reconfigure your organization to deliver coordinated, seamless client experiences. To create a seamless client experience, you must reconfigure your organization to act as one customer-centered, highly adaptive organism. Despite a major crisis under way in the luxury and retail industries, many leaders fail to reorganize and optimize the client experience. One of the major reasons that CRM has failed to live up to its potential is the schizophrenic silos that still exist between operations, product management, marketing, public relations, customer service, sales, social media, and e-commerce. With AI, automating your silos individually will only generate even more disconnected client experiences that will drive customers to competitors. You must unite any part of your organization that touches the client into one expert team that works to optimize the full value for the customer in time, money, and happiness. If you don’t do this first, don’t invest in AI. Disconnected, optimized, stand-alone AI silo solutions that are automated will only amplify the dysfunctional nature of your client experience. 3. AI algorithms are as effective and as biased as the data scientists who create them. AI is selling the myth that algorithms are intelligent and objective, but nothing could be further from the truth. Algorithms are designed and built by humans. These humans have major biases. The data set that is selected, labeled, structured and used to train a genetic algorithm can be biased by the experiences and mindset of the AI team. Take note that the AI industry, probably more than any other industry, is comprised of „bro-grammers,” mostly single Caucasian and Asian males. Females and other minority group members are often excluded from or marginalized on their teams. AI’s most common method today, machine learning, is about 90% „supervised learning.” It is called „supervised” learning for a reason. The training examples and weightings upon which genetic algorithms learn iteratively are provided and tweaked by humans. They may have advanced degrees, but that does not guarantee that they have social skills, and, as research shows, they especially lack empathy. Before you set any algorithm free to engage with your luxury clients, you need to torture test it to ensure that you are treating employees and clients, especially women and minorities, who are the present and future of your brand, like cared-for, respected, and valued human beings. 4. AI is new, so new it direly lacks data scientists with expertise, especially business domain expertise. Today, AI is in its practical infancy, and so are the data scientists who staff most of the AI companies. First, unless you have access to massive amounts of data and massive processing power (e.g. you work at a high level at Google, Amazon, Apple, or Facebook) no matter how many PhD degrees and boot camp lessons you have accumulated, you have minor experience. You do not have expertise in machine learning, and even less expertise in any industry or business domain. Even the best in data science are nothing without massive data and processing power. Most data scientists today are in the same shape as someone who has learned how to drive a Ferrari in a simulator, and who may actually own a Ferrari, but has never had the fuel or a challenging racetrack to develop expertise and mastery of driving the automobile. Before you hand your data over to a team of data scientists, conduct full due diligence, not only on how many successful projects the data scientists have executed, but their actual contributions to each project. Client references will be even more critical with AI vendors than any other business purchase you will ever make. Finally, you must provide the diligent adult supervision that brings reality and domain expertise to any AI project. 5. Genetic algorithms are „black boxes” that often cannot explain why they responded to a client in a particular way. One of the most fascinating attributes of genetic algorithms is that their behaviors, like a human brain’s, are not always easy to understand. Sometimes they can respond in ways that are negative, unethical, or illegal. The way algorithms work is that they behave a bit like high-speed procreation of a species inside a computer. They are given a training set of data, accompanied by the right answers, and they increasingly improve their ability to tweak the strength of each connection, until they get better, and eventually, reach a probabilistically, if not perfectly, correct solution. This process works like our brains, weakening and strengthening connections until they get it right and can learn to classify data, even if it is new. Unlike in a conventional database, the connections an algorithm establishes are encoded in the strength of the connection, not in a specific location. This makes it difficult for data scientists to audit and explain why an algorithm may have acted in a specific way. For example, it may have rejected a top-tier client’s request, or the request of a daughter of a top client with a different last name and buying pattern. While a human being could make an exception judgment in real-time, an algorithm is restricted by its own connections. In some cases, algorithms have veered driverless cars off the road, or excluded people for loans illegally, based on connections that are not obvious to, or explainable by, the programmers. Make sure you understand the risks involved in letting algorithms do your thinking. Unlike the baffled data scientists who can walk away, you will be held fully and legally accountable, and you will be responsible for coming up with explanations and solutions. 6. Your online AI interactions will be subject to mischief from hackers and other interaction risks. AI’s big claim is that its data scientists have created algorithms that learn to learn. That is indeed a huge achievement, but it can also be a huge liability. Look at the example of Microsoft, which in 2016 put Tay, a chatbot, into the public domain to engage in conversation with people on Twitter. Within 24 hours, the chatbot was taken offline because it had been gamed by clever and malicious users who „taught” Tay to be racist and even to promote Nazi ideology. The lesson is that when you release your continuously-learning algorithm into the public domain, such as your website, and social media, you will expose it to a world where it will learn from whatever it interacts with over time, good or bad. Unless you are constantly and meticulously vetting the incoming data and refining the algorithm, the results it produces may be far from what you desired. This is a very expensive caveat. In the case of Tay, the culprits were mischievous random people, but you can bet that hackers worldwide are salivating at the opportunity to wreak havoc on the learning algorithms of companies that engage online, which means all of us. One thing you will need to figure out with AI is who is continuously watching the algorithm interactions to identify and prevent mischief that damages client experiences, and your brand, or worse, creates massive security risks. 7. AI is not a substitute for true human engagement. AI vendors will tell you that their algorithms can think much better and faster than humans, and unscrupulous vendors will claim that they can, and should, actually replace humans. When you hear that, take a deep breath and think like an intelligent human being. For rote, mechanical, frequent, high-volume tasks, it is true that AI will replace humans. In fact, most company rules, policies and procedures today have hollowed out many jobs into dehumanizing, scripted, soulless, mechanical interactions that should be automated. Luxury Institute believes that genuine, empathic, trustworthy, and generous human experiences that deliver emotional value and joy, will never be replaced by AI. If you choose to join, or compete, directly with Amazon, then you should automate most tasks and transform your brand into a utility. In luxury, however, AI will be a human enhancer. It will augment the power of human beings and help create humanistic jobs that we cannot imagine today. Develop the refined skill within your luxury leadership of being able to differentiate the tasks that you want to automate with AI versus the experiences that you will deliver with the inimitable power of inspired humans. When your competitors are duped into dehumanizing their experiences in a commoditized race to the bottom by unscrupulous AI vendors, resist benchmarking them into oblivion. Vast Hype, True Potential AI is the new electricity. Electricity has been mostly a force for good in the world. In its early days, however, much remained to be learned about using it intelligently and safely. Artificial Intelligence is at the same stage. It will be a force for phenomenal good, yet, as the Internet amply demonstrates, it will unleash many unintended consequences, some very damaging to brands. One company that is on its journey to using AI intelligently is custom suit maker, Knot Standard. Even without AI, using the Luxcelerate system, Knot Standard continues to drive sales growth at a phenomenal clip. The brand’s leaders recognize that its superb quality in custom-made clothing, along with its inspired associates, are the secrets of its success. At the same time, they are incorporating AI into their ability to perfect client measurement, improve quality, deliver better product faster, and in augmenting the relationship-building efficiency of its associates with a product recommendation engine. AI will become necessary and ubiquitous, which is why it will never be the source of a brand’s competitive advantage. For more information and additional insights visit www.LuxuryInstitute.com, or contact Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza directly with questions (mpedraza@luxuryinstitute.com). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hamilton Consumers Meet With Brad Spencer From Path Employment Services Next PostNext Rubber Compound Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2017–2022 Search Recent Posts Disposal of Social Intelligence RentVest Property Management Announces Alliance with Boomerang to Combine Services for Rental Property Investors Corporate Finance Associates Advises River City Engineering in Its Acquisition by Trihydro Corporation New Diborane Market Research Report Focused On World Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Rossville, GA Author Publishing Leadership Book Proudly powered by WordPress
Login All Reviews Editorials News Adobe Amps Up Creative Cloud Video Professional Apps, Including Touch Bar Support Apple's Augmented Reality Plans May Include iPhone 8 Smart Connector for Special Glasses An Excellent New iPad at a Reasonable Price Tips Set Up Your Own VPN Server in the Cloud for Free or Cheap macOS: How to Roll Back the Firmware on Your AirPort Podcasts Touch Screen Macs, iPhone's Name, and Star Wars - ACM 407 Facebook, Apple, and Augmented Reality - TMO Daily Observations 2017-04-19 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → An Excellent New iPad at a Reasonable Price Apple's Achilles Heel Is Neither the Mac Nor the iPhone Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon. Which Won't Make it to 2067? Apple's iPad Fights For the Education Market Why Apple Should Eventually Build Family Service Robots View All Editorials → Facebook’s Augmented Reality Plans Just Opened the Door for Apple Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 3 minute read Apr 19th, 2017 12:32 PM EDT | Analysis Facebook is embracing augmented reality and its platform will be something we already have: our smartphones. That’s good news for Apple because Facebook just set bar for what the average user will expect, and it very likely plays into Apple’s own plans for augmented reality on the iPhone. Facebook is jumping into the augmented reality world Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s CEO, shared his company’s plans at the F8 conference inSan Jose on Tuesday. F8 is Facebook’s annual developer conference focusing on the future of technology. Augmented reality refers to adding virtual elements, like text and graphics, to what you’re seeing in real time. Google tried to grab a slice of the market a few years ago with its Google Glass experiment that used glasses to overlay data onto whatever users were looking at. Augmented Reality: Using What You Have Facebook’s augmented reality platform relies on smartphone cameras and screens instead of specialized hardware, like glasses. Users can add virtual notes and stickers to real world objects for other people to see, and it can recognize what’s the camera sees. What Facebook is offering, at least for now, sounds a lot like Snapchat’s World Lenses feature that was introduced yesterday. World Lens lets you add graphics and animations to videos you share—which also sounds a lot like Apple’s new Clips app that launched just a few days ago. Jumping into the augmented reality world like this makes sense because users won’t have to invest in new gear. Removing the money barrier makes it more likely people will try out what Facebook offers. Starting simple is a smart move also keeps users from getting overwhelmed with features and flashy graphics. In essence, Facebook, Snapchat, and Apple are training us today for more sophisticated augmented reality down the road. Facebook isn’t alone in the augmented reality world. Apple CEO Tim Cook said last year his company is very interested in the field. “I think AR is extremely interesting and sort of a core technology,” Cook said during an interview last August. “So, yes, it’s something we’re doing a lot of things on behind that curtain that we talked about.” Apple’s first push into augmented reality will most likely use the iPhone and, like Facebook, will be relatively simple. Before today that could’ve backfired on Apple because users would’ve had different expectations for what they see. Thanks to Facebook, the bar has been set and it’ll be a fairly easy one for Apple to hit. Setting Augmented Reality Expectations Facebook is also teaching users to see augmented reality as a when-you-need-it technology instead of something that’s always there. Pulling our phones out and pointing them at objects creates a very different augmented reality experience compared to wearing glasses. Actively engaging in augmented reality instead of passively experiencing it could slow down mainstream adoption, although that may not be a difficult hurdle to overcome. Pokémon GO is a perfect example of embracing augmented reality, and it’s something both Apple and Facebook no doubt have watched closely. Pokémon GO is a game that gets people outside to hunt and catch virtual creatures. It uses your smartphone’s built in camera and display to superimpose characters onto whatever you’re looking at so it appears as if they’re really in front of you. Pokémon GO gives a fun look into augmented reality Smartphone owners flocked to the game in droves and public areas were filled with people wandering around looking for creatures to catch. The game is still popular nearly a year into its launch, but there aren’t as many people walking around with their phone in front of their face hunting for Pikachu. Pokémon GO has been a great experiment showing the average smartphone user accepts and understands augmented reality when they get some sort of personal value out of it. In the case of the game, the value was entertainment. Clips: Apple’s Sleeper Augmented Reality App For Apple, the Clips app may be the first overt step into augmented reality. The app lets users add text, graphics, and animations to photos and video in real time. Apple can take what it learns from the way we use Clips to refine its own augmented reality plans. Exactly when Apple will announce its augmented reality plans is still a mystery. We could get an announcement at June’s Worldwide Developer Conference event that’s—coincidentally—at the same venue as Facebook’s F8 conference. It’s a safe bet we’ll get a look at iOS 11 for the iPhone and iPad, and that would be a perfect time to also talk about augmented reality. Apple’s new social media app Clips may also be an augmented reality push Augmented reality needs the support of third party app developers, which is why Facebook used F8 to show off its new platform. Apple could do the same at WWDC so developers can start preparing to roll augmented reality into their apps ahead of iOS 11’s fall launch. Until then, Apple should send Facebook a fruit basket as a thank you for setting user expectations at a more realistic level. Teaching users today that augmented reality is fairly basic means they’re less likely to be disappointed, which leads to easier adoption, and ultimately more sophisticated features in the future. [Thanks to Fast Company for the heads up] Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Augmented Reality, Facebook One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick April 19, 2017 With Facebook there is probably an ulterior motive, advertising and marketing. That is the price we pay for a free service, but I would rather not pay it. My first Clips project https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B0q5GH8MqG3Olho April 19, 2017 at 12:46 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Apple Will Be Using Xeon CPUs in This Fall's "Pro" iMac John Martellaro | April 19, 2017 Facebook's Augmented Reality Plans Just Opened the Door for Apple Jeff Gamet | April 19, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $140.68 -0.52 (-0.37%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Adobe Amps Up Creative Cloud Video Professional Apps, Including Touch Bar Support Apple's Augmented Reality Plans May Include iPhone 8 Smart Connector for Special Glasses An Excellent New iPad at a Reasonable Price Apple Makes iWork and iLife Apps Free and Easier to Download by Anyone If You're Looking for Floppy Disks, Amazon's Got Them - Really Recent Tips See All » Set Up Your Own VPN Server in the Cloud for Free or Cheap macOS: How to Roll Back the Firmware on Your AirPort iOS 10.3: How To Hide News Sources In Apple News The 5 Best Terminal Commands for Your Mac macOS: How To Disable Webcam on Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » Why Apple Will Be Using Xeon CPUs in This Fall's "Pro" iMac Facebook's Augmented Reality Plans Just Opened the Door for Apple An Excellent New iPad at a Reasonable Price Apple's Achilles Heel Is Neither the Mac Nor the iPhone Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon. Which Won't Make it to 2067? 15492 Jeff Gamet analysis 1 1492605135 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Telecommunications Pulling the pin: Google tackles fake business listings in Google Maps Nick Lavars April 19, 2017 Google says it has now reduced fraudulent listings on Google Maps by 70 percent  Depending on where you live, if you open up Google Maps and search for "restaurant" you could have any number of red pins pop up on screen. But how many of these are actual business locations? What's more, how many of them are even businesses at all? It may be fewer than you think. New research has revealed how scammers are gaming this location-based system for profit, with Google now taking steps to preserve the integrity of its venerable online mapping service. The findings are the result of a collaboration between Google and computer scientists at the University of California, San Diego. The team analyzed more than 100,000 fraudulent Google Maps listings to try and uncover how scammers are profiting off illegitimate activity. Fraudulent listings, you say? Well, it appears that scammers are looking to take advantage of the ever-increasing reliance in location-based searches by using fake locations to make it seem that certain businesses are closer than they actually are. This in turn makes them more likely to show up in the search results. Sick of Ads? More than 700 New Atlas Plus subscribers read our newsletter and website without ads. Join them for just US$19 a year.More Information How do they pull this off, exactly? Google verifies business locations for Google Maps by mailing out a postcard with a code on it. The business then enters this verification code as part of its registration and once it's all ticked off, the listing goes live. The researchers say this, along with other measures, actually prevents 85 percent of fake listings and those that do make through are taken down within an average of 8.6 days anyway. But one of the main, and relatively simple, ways scammers are able to beat this system is by having the verification postcards mailed to PO boxes that they have leased in the desired area. This includes tacking fake suite numbers onto the address to mimic big office buildings like those in Manhattan, for example, to avoid suspicion that might arise from different businesses having the same address. Another trick they use is changing the address of the business once it has been verified. The researchers found that scammers were using schemes of this nature to get around the system, and that on-call contractors such as plumbers and locksmiths seemed to be benefitting more than most. In fact, their study found that 40 percent of all fake listings fall into that category. Eleven percent of all search results for "locksmith" were found to be fraudulent. In New York, this figure went up to 15.6 percent, and in West Harrison, a small town outside Manhattan, this figure shot up to 83.3 percent. This tactic produces a profit when the contractors get called out to a job that might have otherwise fallen to a business located closer by. And one way scammers in the hospitality game are tricking Google Maps is by setting up fake pins for real restaurants and hotels which are not in on the scheme. These hucksters then set up independent websites that are connected to the business' legitimate website, landing them commissions either by allowing users to make reservations or by referring them to the business' actual web address. Thirteen percent of the fraudulent listings studied had real hotel or restaurant addresses, but were not created by the businesses themselves. Google has now taken a number of steps to clamp down on these scammers. It now prohibits bulk registration at most addresses and doesn't allow businesses to change addresses to faraway locations without further verification. It also now detects and ignores jumbled text that is intended to confuse its algorithms, and has refined its anti-spam machine learning systems. These have combined, it says, to reduce the fraudulent listings in Google Maps by 70 percent. The research paper can be found online. Source: University of California San Diego Google says it has now reduced fraudulent listings on Google Maps by 70 percent  Tags #Google #Google Maps #UCSD Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Robotic cheetah moves almost as efficiently as the real thing NASA prints up complex metallic "space fabric" The best new games and apps for the Gear VR Asus muscles in on DIY computing space with the Tinker Board Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Telecommunications Pulling the pin: Google tackles fake business listings in Google Maps Infrared system could deliver 40 Gbps wireless networks Why we've launched a paid subscription option Chrome extension speeds up in-flight browsing Project Loon's internet balloons form stratospheric clusters for targeted delivery How do you solve fake news problem in the post-truth era? The real economy of fake news China solidifies Great Firewall by moving to block unauthorized VPNs Will plans to use commercial aircraft for a worldwide wireless network fly? Canada declares high-speed internet a basic service Totem poles bring solar power, comms and lighting to city streets London calling: Big Apple booths bring public Wi-Fi across the pond Editors Choice Best of the Big Apple: The most exciting cars from the New York Auto Show Compare the latest tech gear American dreams: The USA's best new homes In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Record levels of renewable energy in 2016, but what else do the numbers say? Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 The good, the bad and the bonkers: eVolo's 2017 Skyscraper Competition This modular camper van is one for the dogs (and their owners) Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Begin typing your search above and press return to search. Press Esc to cancel. Donklephant Primary Navigation Please select a menu in this location Home Apps Google Play Store Takes Down Banking Trojan By Donklephant. Published on April 19, 2017. 0 Last January, a Trojan virus that affects Android devices leaked online. This was the BankBot, a banking malware which disguised itself as a harmless program and able to avoid Google’s security scans. Weeks after the attack, the malware found its way to Google Play Store. This came to be when a hacker was able to get the source code and came up with the new banking Trojan also known as Spy Banker and Dr. Web. Soon enough, it was used to penetrate Russian banks and eventually, other bank clients in other parts of the world, including Austria, Turkey, Germany and the UK. What makes this vicious banking Trojan threatening is that it was able to find a way of hiding in apps using a variety of names on Play Store. On is Funny Videos 2017 and the other is the HappyTimes Videos, with the latter discovered just after Easter. While both apps have been taken down, there were already thousands of downloads made by unsuspecting users. How Banking Trojan Operates Being a mobile banking malware, it affects Android users. When it is downloaded, users will be able to watch funny video clips. Conversely, the malware is able to get pertinent banking information as well as access SMS. In Google, it was able to mask itself as any regular app for Android. Google Play Store has been criticized for the way it simply depends on automated scanning which makes it susceptible to banking malware. After BankBot has been downloaded, it asks for administrative rights, as in any Play Store download. If permission is given, it can now take over the phone’s system. When the user opens any of the 425 banking apps which have been previously configured, BankBot displays a page that will prompt the user to enter banking information and personal details which will then be sent to fraudsters. Fortunately, Google was already able to remove these apps from the Play Store. But just the same, users are reminded to always be wary of malware attacks and are advised to install antivirus apps. Meanwhile, the latest Google Play Store version 7.7.17.0 is already available for download and it comes with new fixes. Categories Apps Tags GoogleGoogle Play Store 0 likes Popular Posts Tech iPad Pro 2 to Replace the MacBook Air? Software Adobe Flash Player 25.0.0.130 Update Download Available with Surprises and Fixes Apps Google Play Store version 7.7.17.O-all Update Download Available with New Fixes Mobile Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs. Galaxy A5 2017 - Best Specs and Features Comparison Tablet Surface Pro 5 Officially Out with More Surprises Subscribe to Donklephant via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other subscribers Email Address Recent Comments DEVILTAZ35 . on Mass Effect Andromeda DLC Update Makes Multiplayer Content Possible Well here is a thought, don't tell people anything about the end as so many are waiting for this to be patched before playing […] Charlotte Berg on Sims 5 Leaks Get Fans Excited About The New Features Why this post? Nothing new there. So stop speculating about Sims 5 and wait for EA to announce if it is being made at all. stiqy on iPad Pro 2 to Replace the MacBook Air? Can we stop the "replace laptop/macbook" stupidity? This doesn't run OSX. What would you run your OSX programs on if you "replaced" your macbook with […] Do Do on iPad Pro 2 to Replace the MacBook Air? If they do to the new ipad pro what they did to the new Macbook Pro it will be a disaster. HURRIAN URARTIAN on iPad Pro 2 to Replace the MacBook Air? After all this nerve wrecking wait, it better have something different than what offers now. Blog Stats 71,824 hits Recent Posts Google Play Store Takes Down Banking Trojan WhatsApp Download for iOS Clash of Clans Things New Players Should Avoid for a Better Progress GTA 6 to Feature New Female Protagonist and Improved Gaming iOS 10 Jailbreak BETA Update Available Soon Home Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2017 © Donklephant
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Google Meet the new Google Earth, launching on mobile and desktop this week Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal April 18th, 2017 at 10:44 AM Share Tweet For the past two years, Google has been working on a new version of one of its most popular tools: Google Earth. Along with introducing several new features to the popular mobile and desktop app, it also makes the app more usable and more informative than it has been in any of its previous iterations. Don't Miss: The first major Galaxy S8 problem concerns the phone’s most important feature When you load up the new Google Earth for the first time, it will give you several things to try. First it will tell you to search for a location you want to check out. Once you reach a destination, you will be presented with a series of Knowledge Cards for the various points of interest in that area, pulling information from Wikipedia to give you a basic rundown of landmarks like the Eiffel Tower or the Empire State Building. Once you’re down learning, you can zoom back out and hold the Shift button while dragging on the map to orbit the world in 3D. You can also explore the new Voyager feature to take interactive guided tours from partners like BBC Earth and DigitalGlobe. You’ll even be treated to clips from Planet Earth II. In addition to the features mentioned above, Google has also added a 3D button to the map that will let users view locations from any angle and an “I’m Feeling Lucky” button to the menu that will randomly drop them somewhere interesting. In other words, it’s more fun than ever to waste time playing with Google Earth. You can try out the new Google Earth now on Chrome browsers. Google plans to roll out the latest version of the app this week on Android devices and says that it will be available soon on iOS and other browsers. Tags: google, google earth View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic is finally addressing Pokemon Go’s biggest problem 2 Tech Why the iPhone 7S could be better than the iPhone 8 3 Deals Today’s Alexa smart plug sale on Amazon is even better than yesterday’s 4 Tech These leaked iPhone 8 schematics are a travesty if they’re real 5 Tech Microsoft is trying to make passwords obsolete, and it might succeed Picked For You The best thing about Samsung’s new Galaxy S8, aside from the design By Zach Epstein April 19th at 11:15 AM Niantic is finally addressing Pokemon Go’s biggest problem By Jacob Siegal April 19th at 1:31 PM Why the iPhone 7S could be better than the iPhone 8 By Chris Mills April 19th at 5:31 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Luxury Institute, LLC April 19, 2017 13:30 ET Over-Hyped And Over-Rated: Luxury Institute's 7 Critical Things your Artificial Intelligence Vendor Won't Tell You, But You Need to Know NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 19, 2017) - Artificial intelligence (AI) is the new buzzword being applied to seemingly every business challenge you can name. AI is an area of computer science that uses "intelligent agents" to develop capabilities in robots and computers to perceive and react like humans, and therefore to augment and/or replace humans, especially in doing tasks that are predictably rote, frequent and high-volume. Popular applications of AI can be found in language translation, self-driving cars, disease diagnosis, fraud detection, and delivering solutions to clients via chatbots. It is important, however, to note the limitations of AI. Unlike humans, AI has no consciousness, cannot feel genuine emotions, and is incapable of empathy, nor can it generate or deal well with novelty and other uniquely human attributes. "Every time I hear 'today it's all about artificial intelligence,' I know that I am about to be sold another allegedly disruptive and very expensive tech project that will overpromise and under-deliver," the CEO of a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand lamented at a recent meeting in New York with Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza. "My team's challenge is that we are not expert enough about AI to know how to best use it, and how to maximize our return on investment. Everyone who sells algorithms claims to be AI-driven. We don't know what or whom we can trust to serve our clients' interests." That sentiment sums up the current dilemma confronting luxury goods and services leaders who are trying to determine the most effective AI projects to undertake, and to choose partners that they can trust to complete projects safely and profitably. Unfortunately, results rarely live up to the claims made by consultants. Remember Y2K and CRM? This is bigger, a lot bigger; and so are the claims. If you believe the hype from AI vendors, your sales -- and the GDP of the United States -- should double by year-end, even though most of your employees will be replaced by chatbots. You may need a fraud detection AI application to help you navigate this terrain. AI leaders claim that they have "super powers," that AI is the new electricity, and that there is no industry that AI will not disrupt. The humility is overwhelming, but they may be right, at least about the last two points. Still, legendary Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, who should know better than anyone, says that he doesn't just walk, he runs when he hears buzzwords and lofty promises bandied about by tech start-up founders and salespeople because it's usually an indication of undifferentiated technology, destined to be commoditized, that delivers zero competitive advantage. AI is the latest and greatest buzzword. It is also over-hyped and over-rated, perhaps more than CRM, Big Data, analytics, and the Kardashians. Regardless of your opinion of Peter Thiel, his insights and track record should give you pause, and he is not alone in his views among technology investors. In a February 2017 video interview with Fei-Fei Li, head of AI at Google, Michael Abbott, general partner at Silicon Valley's premier venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, estimated that he meets with 15 new start-ups a week, and 10 of them use the term AI in their pitch. When he probes entrepreneurs on their AI claims, Abbott finds that most of them do not understand what they are saying, and often what they are doing does not truly constitute true artificial intelligence or machine learning. If top venture capitalists are skeptical of those who label themselves AI experts, you should be too. Bringing Business Expertise To Artificial Intelligence Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza is no stranger to the core drivers of AI, which include clean, structured data, processing technology, genetic algorithms, and, most importantly, domain expertise. Not by coincidence, those are the same core elements on a smaller scale, that drive customer relationship management. In 1997, Pedraza, for years a huge fan of Complexity Theory and the Santa Fe Institute, began to successfully execute CRM at Citigroup. Based on his results, he was selected to lead Citi's global CRM project. With massive amounts of client data, he hired a Boston-based data-mining firm to build predictive models using genetic algorithms. Pedraza also ran the global CRM project for $20 billion+ Cendant briefly before becoming an entrepreneur in 2003. In 2004, knowing well the power of genetic algorithms, Pedraza hired IcoSystem, a modeling firm that uses neural networks and genetic algorithms, to assess the viability of his own luxury automobile shared access start-up. Pedraza came away with the understanding that most technology is a commodity and that the only true ways to differentiate in luxury are your unique, relevant products and empowered brand ambassadors with highly developed expertise and mastery in emotional intelligence. Pedraza's experience illustrates that CRM and AI have more in common than many luxury and retail executives perceive. Both CRM and AI run on the same rocket and fuel, as Stanford's Andrew Ng likes to put it. Unfortunately, CRM after more than two decades has yet to deliver on its over-hyped promises, and while CRM technology is a great tool with real benefits drawn from the investment, there is no CRM system on the planet that has ever delivered sustainable competitive advantage to a brand. Most projects still under-deliver. Recently, a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand based in Europe that was reputed to be the most tech savvy discontinued its relationship with the largest CRM provider due to unsustainable costs and low measurable benefits. While the entire luxury and retail industry and society may benefit astronomically from AI, for your brand, it will simply become table stakes. Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft can accumulate massive amounts of proprietary data, and they are investing billions in cloud infrastructure to store and process that data. In AI, if you are dependent on vendors and don't have the massive proprietary data, processing power and expert staff of a Google, you will become the next trial and error test case. It makes sense that if AI is the new electricity, then by definition almost everyone can plug into the benefits. Like electricity, AI is imperative for any brand, in any industry. In luxury, AI will be even more critical than it is in price-driven, commodity categories, where human beings will not be a part of the front-line equation like they are in luxury. AI will likely enhance most luxury back-office and front-line jobs rather than replace them completely. It remains to be seen whether AI will deliver a high ROI to luxury goods and services brands, or, whether, like e-commerce, it will simply add costs and force brands to compete with economically irrational competitors such as Amazon. To help luxury goods and services leaders make optimal decisions, Luxury Institute recently conducted a study to identify current myths and realities of AI. Luxury Institute researchers, aided by a retail expert with a master's degree in mathematics and statistics from Columbia University, pored over documents and reviewed dozens of courses and videos, including those of Silicon Valley legend, Andrew Ng, seeking out and distilling the most objective insights. Here are seven critical facts your AI vendor won't tell you, but you absolutely need to know before you sign on the dotted line: 1. AI needs access to massive amounts of data. Insiders confess that the one thing that has driven AI's current vibrant state is not so much better algorithms, but the vast amounts of data that are now being generated every second by the Internet, and within proprietary company databases. Still, many individual companies suffer from scarcity of clean, structured data. If your data collection discipline is dismal, as is often the case, especially on the front-lines, then your ability to provide massive nourishment for the machine learning required by hungry algorithms is limited, no matter how clever they are. You need to conduct a data audit immediately, and assess the amount, relevance, and quality of your data. Identify which data are critical for your business to thrive. Begin to collect the critical data now. Client books, with their critical data, must be digitized in the era of AI. Clean, accurate data is the critical asset today, and if you don't have it, your business is destined to expire. 2. AI will only work if you reconfigure your organization to deliver coordinated, seamless client experiences. To create a seamless client experience, you must reconfigure your organization to act as one customer-centered, highly adaptive organism. Despite a major crisis under way in the luxury and retail industries, many leaders fail to reorganize and optimize the client experience. One of the major reasons that CRM has failed to live up to its potential is the schizophrenic silos that still exist between operations, product management, marketing, public relations, customer service, sales, social media, and e-commerce. With AI, automating your silos individually will only generate even more disconnected client experiences that will drive customers to competitors. You must unite any part of your organization that touches the client into one expert team that works to optimize the full value for the customer in time, money, and happiness. If you don't do this first, don't invest in AI. Disconnected, optimized, stand-alone AI silo solutions that are automated will only amplify the dysfunctional nature of your client experience. 3. AI algorithms are as effective and as biased as the data scientists who create them. AI is selling the myth that algorithms are intelligent and objective, but nothing could be further from the truth. Algorithms are designed and built by humans. These humans have major biases. The data set that is selected, labeled, structured and used to train a genetic algorithm can be biased by the experiences and mindset of the AI team. Take note that the AI industry, probably more than any other industry, is comprised of "bro-grammers," mostly single Caucasian and Asian males. Females and other minority group members are often excluded from or marginalized on their teams. AI's most common method today, machine learning, is about 90% "supervised learning." It is called "supervised" learning for a reason. The training examples and weightings upon which genetic algorithms learn iteratively are provided and tweaked by humans. They may have advanced degrees, but that does not guarantee that they have social skills, and, as research shows, they especially lack empathy. Before you set any algorithm free to engage with your luxury clients, you need to torture test it to ensure that you are treating employees and clients, especially women and minorities, who are the present and future of your brand, like cared-for, respected, and valued human beings. 4. AI is new, so new it direly lacks data scientists with expertise, especially business domain expertise. Today, AI is in its practical infancy, and so are the data scientists who staff most of the AI companies. First, unless you have access to massive amounts of data and massive processing power (e.g. you work at a high level at Google, Amazon, Apple, or Facebook) no matter how many PhD degrees and boot camp lessons you have accumulated, you have minor experience. You do not have expertise in machine learning, and even less expertise in any industry or business domain. Even the best in data science are nothing without massive data and processing power. Most data scientists today are in the same shape as someone who has learned how to drive a Ferrari in a simulator, and who may actually own a Ferrari, but has never had the fuel or a challenging racetrack to develop expertise and mastery of driving the automobile. Before you hand your data over to a team of data scientists, conduct full due diligence, not only on how many successful projects the data scientists have executed, but their actual contributions to each project. Client references will be even more critical with AI vendors than any other business purchase you will ever make. Finally, you must provide the diligent adult supervision that brings reality and domain expertise to any AI project. 5. Genetic algorithms are "black boxes" that often cannot explain why they responded to a client in a particular way. One of the most fascinating attributes of genetic algorithms is that their behaviors, like a human brain's, are not always easy to understand. Sometimes they can respond in ways that are negative, unethical, or illegal. The way algorithms work is that they behave a bit like high-speed procreation of a species inside a computer. They are given a training set of data, accompanied by the right answers, and they increasingly improve their ability to tweak the strength of each connection, until they get better, and eventually, reach a probabilistically, if not perfectly, correct solution. This process works like our brains, weakening and strengthening connections until they get it right and can learn to classify data, even if it is new. Unlike in a conventional database, the connections an algorithm establishes are encoded in the strength of the connection, not in a specific location. This makes it difficult for data scientists to audit and explain why an algorithm may have acted in a specific way. For example, it may have rejected a top-tier client's request, or the request of a daughter of a top client with a different last name and buying pattern. While a human being could make an exception judgment in real-time, an algorithm is restricted by its own connections. In some cases, algorithms have veered driverless cars off the road, or excluded people for loans illegally, based on connections that are not obvious to, or explainable by, the programmers. Make sure you understand the risks involved in letting algorithms do your thinking. Unlike the baffled data scientists who can walk away, you will be held fully and legally accountable, and you will be responsible for coming up with explanations and solutions. 6. Your online AI interactions will be subject to mischief from hackers and other interaction risks. AI's big claim is that its data scientists have created algorithms that learn to learn. That is indeed a huge achievement, but it can also be a huge liability. Look at the example of Microsoft, which in 2016 put Tay, a chatbot, into the public domain to engage in conversation with people on Twitter. Within 24 hours, the chatbot was taken offline because it had been gamed by clever and malicious users who "taught" Tay to be racist and even to promote Nazi ideology. The lesson is that when you release your continuously-learning algorithm into the public domain, such as your website, and social media, you will expose it to a world where it will learn from whatever it interacts with over time, good or bad. Unless you are constantly and meticulously vetting the incoming data and refining the algorithm, the results it produces may be far from what you desired. This is a very expensive caveat. In the case of Tay, the culprits were mischievous random people, but you can bet that hackers worldwide are salivating at the opportunity to wreak havoc on the learning algorithms of companies that engage online, which means all of us. One thing you will need to figure out with AI is who is continuously watching the algorithm interactions to identify and prevent mischief that damages client experiences, and your brand, or worse, creates massive security risks. 7. AI is not a substitute for true human engagement. AI vendors will tell you that their algorithms can think much better and faster than humans, and unscrupulous vendors will claim that they can, and should, actually replace humans. When you hear that, take a deep breath and think like an intelligent human being. For rote, mechanical, frequent, high-volume tasks, it is true that AI will replace humans. In fact, most company rules, policies and procedures today have hollowed out many jobs into dehumanizing, scripted, soulless, mechanical interactions that should be automated. Luxury Institute believes that genuine, empathic, trustworthy, and generous human experiences that deliver emotional value and joy, will never be replaced by AI. If you choose to join, or compete, directly with Amazon, then you should automate most tasks and transform your brand into a utility. In luxury, however, AI will be a human enhancer. It will augment the power of human beings and help create humanistic jobs that we cannot imagine today. Develop the refined skill within your luxury leadership of being able to differentiate the tasks that you want to automate with AI versus the experiences that you will deliver with the inimitable power of inspired humans. When your competitors are duped into dehumanizing their experiences in a commoditized race to the bottom by unscrupulous AI vendors, resist benchmarking them into oblivion. Vast Hype, True Potential AI is the new electricity. Electricity has been mostly a force for good in the world. In its early days, however, much remained to be learned about using it intelligently and safely. Artificial Intelligence is at the same stage. It will be a force for phenomenal good, yet, as the Internet amply demonstrates, it will unleash many unintended consequences, some very damaging to brands. One company that is on its journey to using AI intelligently is custom suit maker, Knot Standard. Even without AI, using the Luxcelerate system, Knot Standard continues to drive sales growth at a phenomenal clip. The brand's leaders recognize that its superb quality in custom-made clothing, along with its inspired associates, are the secrets of its success. At the same time, they are incorporating AI into their ability to perfect client measurement, improve quality, deliver better product faster, and in augmenting the relationship-building efficiency of its associates with a product recommendation engine. AI will become necessary and ubiquitous, which is why it will never be the source of a brand's competitive advantage. For more information and additional insights visit www.LuxuryInstitute.com, or contact Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza directly with questions (mpedraza@luxuryinstitute.com). Contact Information Katherine Sousa ksousa@luxuryinstitute.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Luxury Institute, LLC From this industry Automotive Lifestyle and Leisure Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Cars Fashion Advertising, PR and Marketing Apparel Appliances Cosmetics and Accessories Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest E-Commerce Furniture and Furnishings See all RSS Newsfeeds   Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.luxuryinstitute.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Nokia at MWC 2017 Nokia 6, 5, 3 and 3310 hands-on - - - Google Home will eventually speak other languages Post your comment Comments (3) Yordan 19 April 2017 Google Google Home Google Home is currently only available in USA and UK, and one of the things that prevent quicker expansion is its inability to speak or recognize other languages than English, and it will stay that way for some time. Google developer Wayne Piekarski announced on Google+ that although there currently is support for English (United Kingdom), the Actions feature on Google platform is available for English (United States), configurable through the Settings in your Google Home app. He stated that the company is working on making Actions available in other languages, but they do not have a formal release date at this time. Google Home arrived in the UK on April 6 and currently costs £129. Source Related articles Google Home and Wifi land in the UK on April 6 Google Home will support multiple users, the question is: When? Google Home with built-in mesh Wi-Fi router in the works Google Assistant starts spewing out ads on the Google Home and phones Reader comments Gokai Pinku P@YW 15 hours ago Does it speaks tagalog? Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 3 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 112,972 2. Xiaomi Mi 6 63,089 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 61,669 4. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 56,471 5. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 54,328 6. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 54,129 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 42,754 8. OnePlus 5 39,842 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 39,781 10. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 34,233 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,123 2. OnePlus 3 1,670 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,651 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,614 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,498 6. HTC 10 1,414 7. LG G5 1,209 8. Xiaomi Mi Mix 844 9. OnePlus 3T 792 10. LG V20 715 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Review: Huawei P10 packs excellent optics and good hardware into a forgettable phone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Yesterday GOOG: 838.21 1.39 Google Play Developer Console is now ‘Google Play Console,’ gets Material Design facelift Stephen Hall - Apr. 19th 2017 10:52 am PT @hallstephenj Google Play Developer Console Google Play Console View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The Google Play Console — previously known as the Google Play Developer Console — has today received a Material Design facelift. The Play Console serves as a place for app developers to track the status of the Android apps they’ve published to the store, and now it’s just a bit prettier… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services As far as we can tell, there isn’t much new here in terms of actual functionality — rather, it looks like the Play Console has kept all of its functionality and just moved it around a bit. There are several new categories, including “Development tools,” “Release management,” “Store presence,” “User acquisition,” and “User feedback”. Google has provided a list of pages within each category. Once you’ve selected an app, you’ll see the menu includes several new categories. Here are the pages you’ll find in each of those categories: Development tools: Crashes & ANRs, Deobfuscation Files, Services & APIs, FCM Diagnostics Release management: Artifact library, Manage releases, Pre-launch report Store presence: Store listing, Store listing experiments, Pricing & distribution, Content rating, In-app products, Paid app sales, Translation service User acquisition: User acquisition, AdWords campaigns, Promotions, Optimization tips User feedback: Ratings, Reviews analysis, Reviews, Beta feedback For more information on some of the most popular features, click the links below. Google’s website says the new design is rolling out “starting in April 2017,” which is this month, but it seems it might take a while before everyone can see it. None of us here at 9to5Google are seeing the new design yet, but several tipsters for Android Police — where the below images came from — are indeed seeing it live right now. Let us know in the comments if you’re seeing it. (via Android Police) Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google Play Developer Console View THe Guide Google Play Console View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics FB AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Qualcomm (QCOM) beats Q2 estimates, but Apple woes weigh >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Calls Upon a “Hire” Power to Reach $1,000 Latest product initiative could get GOOGL stock closer to $1,000 By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Apr 19, 2017, 1:03 pm EDT Get GOOGL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade Recent Posts: The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Calls Upon a “Hire” Power to Reach $1,000 Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Has a Secret Weapon View All Posts Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) closed April 18 at $853.99, up 7.8% on the year. That’s a good showing when compared to the S&P 500, but GOOGL stock is a long way from hitting $1,000, the holy grail of stock prices. Source: Shutterstock Word has gotten out in recent days that Google is working on a new recruitment tool that will help companies find quality recruits while managing the application and hiring process. Dubbed Google Hire, it’s currently in limited testing, and could be a threat both to job boards like LinkedIn and job application tracking software such as Greenhouse and Lever. Huge Boost to Alphabet I’ve never understood why Google wasn’t directly involved in the HR business given its understanding of information and its paying customers use it. Privacy concerns aside, if this product is remotely helpful in improving the hiring process for both employers and potential employees, it could be a huge boost to GOOGL stock. Here’s why: Almost everyone who pays Google to advertise on its various platforms — InvestorPlace contributor Dana Blankenhorn recently reminded readers here that Alphabet is still growing ad revenues by 20% year-over-year on a quarterly basis — has some need for growing their businesses; one of the most important aspects is hiring the right people. The HR software market is said to be worth $14 billion annually in the U.S. alone. According to Aptos, Calif.-based research firm HRmarketer, companies spend $785 billion annually on employee benefits products and services, just one segment of the human resources pie. It’s an industry that employs more than 1.6 million people in the U.S. whose job it is to manage their employer’s talent. Potential Category Killer HRmarketer divides the HR marketplace into seven separate categories: Recruitment and staffing, compensation/payroll, employee benefits, talent management/employee relations, training and development, workforce planning and analytics, and legal and compliance. Google Hire is focusing on one segment of the HR marketplace, but there’s no reason why it couldn’t broaden its scope to cover some of these other areas. For example, if you’ve ever done any work with Google Analytics, you know how deep you can dive. Google has absolutely the right technology and people to compete in HR analytics. And that’s just a second category. Now, I’m not saying that Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and all the other software behemoths out there can’t do the same, because they can, but Google sits in a particularly convenient position to take advantage of this marketplace, one that is still very fragmented despite its size. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/alphabet-inc-googl-stock-is-invoking-a-hire-power/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Companies You Can Buy for the Next Decade 5 Oil Stocks Collapsing Under the Crude Selloff 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive 3 Vanguard Small-Cap Stock ETFs to Buy The 3 Dumbest Investments to Make 5 Fortune 500 CEOs Lucky to Have Jobs ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade The 3 Dumbest Investments You Can Make 3 Pharmaceutical Stocks to Sell Before They Take a Dive How to Trade Netflix Stock While It’s on the Ropes (NFLX) 3 Reasons Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Is Still Dead Money Most Popular 10 Stocks That Won’t Exist in a Decade 4 Healthcare Stocks That Are Starting to Look Sick 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 3 Stocks to Buy to Ride the Next 3D Printing Cycle Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Luxury Institute, LLC April 19, 2017 13:30 ET Over-Hyped And Over-Rated: Luxury Institute's 7 Critical Things your Artificial Intelligence Vendor Won't Tell You, But You Need to Know NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 19, 2017) - Artificial intelligence (AI) is the new buzzword being applied to seemingly every business challenge you can name. AI is an area of computer science that uses "intelligent agents" to develop capabilities in robots and computers to perceive and react like humans, and therefore to augment and/or replace humans, especially in doing tasks that are predictably rote, frequent and high-volume. Popular applications of AI can be found in language translation, self-driving cars, disease diagnosis, fraud detection, and delivering solutions to clients via chatbots. It is important, however, to note the limitations of AI. Unlike humans, AI has no consciousness, cannot feel genuine emotions, and is incapable of empathy, nor can it generate or deal well with novelty and other uniquely human attributes. "Every time I hear 'today it's all about artificial intelligence,' I know that I am about to be sold another allegedly disruptive and very expensive tech project that will overpromise and under-deliver," the CEO of a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand lamented at a recent meeting in New York with Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza. "My team's challenge is that we are not expert enough about AI to know how to best use it, and how to maximize our return on investment. Everyone who sells algorithms claims to be AI-driven. We don't know what or whom we can trust to serve our clients' interests." That sentiment sums up the current dilemma confronting luxury goods and services leaders who are trying to determine the most effective AI projects to undertake, and to choose partners that they can trust to complete projects safely and profitably. Unfortunately, results rarely live up to the claims made by consultants. Remember Y2K and CRM? This is bigger, a lot bigger; and so are the claims. If you believe the hype from AI vendors, your sales -- and the GDP of the United States -- should double by year-end, even though most of your employees will be replaced by chatbots. You may need a fraud detection AI application to help you navigate this terrain. AI leaders claim that they have "super powers," that AI is the new electricity, and that there is no industry that AI will not disrupt. The humility is overwhelming, but they may be right, at least about the last two points. Still, legendary Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, who should know better than anyone, says that he doesn't just walk, he runs when he hears buzzwords and lofty promises bandied about by tech start-up founders and salespeople because it's usually an indication of undifferentiated technology, destined to be commoditized, that delivers zero competitive advantage. AI is the latest and greatest buzzword. It is also over-hyped and over-rated, perhaps more than CRM, Big Data, analytics, and the Kardashians. Regardless of your opinion of Peter Thiel, his insights and track record should give you pause, and he is not alone in his views among technology investors. In a February 2017 video interview with Fei-Fei Li, head of AI at Google, Michael Abbott, general partner at Silicon Valley's premier venture capital firm, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, estimated that he meets with 15 new start-ups a week, and 10 of them use the term AI in their pitch. When he probes entrepreneurs on their AI claims, Abbott finds that most of them do not understand what they are saying, and often what they are doing does not truly constitute true artificial intelligence or machine learning. If top venture capitalists are skeptical of those who label themselves AI experts, you should be too. Bringing Business Expertise To Artificial Intelligence Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza is no stranger to the core drivers of AI, which include clean, structured data, processing technology, genetic algorithms, and, most importantly, domain expertise. Not by coincidence, those are the same core elements on a smaller scale, that drive customer relationship management. In 1997, Pedraza, for years a huge fan of Complexity Theory and the Santa Fe Institute, began to successfully execute CRM at Citigroup. Based on his results, he was selected to lead Citi's global CRM project. With massive amounts of client data, he hired a Boston-based data-mining firm to build predictive models using genetic algorithms. Pedraza also ran the global CRM project for $20 billion+ Cendant briefly before becoming an entrepreneur in 2003. In 2004, knowing well the power of genetic algorithms, Pedraza hired IcoSystem, a modeling firm that uses neural networks and genetic algorithms, to assess the viability of his own luxury automobile shared access start-up. Pedraza came away with the understanding that most technology is a commodity and that the only true ways to differentiate in luxury are your unique, relevant products and empowered brand ambassadors with highly developed expertise and mastery in emotional intelligence. Pedraza's experience illustrates that CRM and AI have more in common than many luxury and retail executives perceive. Both CRM and AI run on the same rocket and fuel, as Stanford's Andrew Ng likes to put it. Unfortunately, CRM after more than two decades has yet to deliver on its over-hyped promises, and while CRM technology is a great tool with real benefits drawn from the investment, there is no CRM system on the planet that has ever delivered sustainable competitive advantage to a brand. Most projects still under-deliver. Recently, a multi-billion-dollar luxury brand based in Europe that was reputed to be the most tech savvy discontinued its relationship with the largest CRM provider due to unsustainable costs and low measurable benefits. While the entire luxury and retail industry and society may benefit astronomically from AI, for your brand, it will simply become table stakes. Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft can accumulate massive amounts of proprietary data, and they are investing billions in cloud infrastructure to store and process that data. In AI, if you are dependent on vendors and don't have the massive proprietary data, processing power and expert staff of a Google, you will become the next trial and error test case. It makes sense that if AI is the new electricity, then by definition almost everyone can plug into the benefits. Like electricity, AI is imperative for any brand, in any industry. In luxury, AI will be even more critical than it is in price-driven, commodity categories, where human beings will not be a part of the front-line equation like they are in luxury. AI will likely enhance most luxury back-office and front-line jobs rather than replace them completely. It remains to be seen whether AI will deliver a high ROI to luxury goods and services brands, or, whether, like e-commerce, it will simply add costs and force brands to compete with economically irrational competitors such as Amazon. To help luxury goods and services leaders make optimal decisions, Luxury Institute recently conducted a study to identify current myths and realities of AI. Luxury Institute researchers, aided by a retail expert with a master's degree in mathematics and statistics from Columbia University, pored over documents and reviewed dozens of courses and videos, including those of Silicon Valley legend, Andrew Ng, seeking out and distilling the most objective insights. Here are seven critical facts your AI vendor won't tell you, but you absolutely need to know before you sign on the dotted line: 1. AI needs access to massive amounts of data. Insiders confess that the one thing that has driven AI's current vibrant state is not so much better algorithms, but the vast amounts of data that are now being generated every second by the Internet, and within proprietary company databases. Still, many individual companies suffer from scarcity of clean, structured data. If your data collection discipline is dismal, as is often the case, especially on the front-lines, then your ability to provide massive nourishment for the machine learning required by hungry algorithms is limited, no matter how clever they are. You need to conduct a data audit immediately, and assess the amount, relevance, and quality of your data. Identify which data are critical for your business to thrive. Begin to collect the critical data now. Client books, with their critical data, must be digitized in the era of AI. Clean, accurate data is the critical asset today, and if you don't have it, your business is destined to expire. 2. AI will only work if you reconfigure your organization to deliver coordinated, seamless client experiences. To create a seamless client experience, you must reconfigure your organization to act as one customer-centered, highly adaptive organism. Despite a major crisis under way in the luxury and retail industries, many leaders fail to reorganize and optimize the client experience. One of the major reasons that CRM has failed to live up to its potential is the schizophrenic silos that still exist between operations, product management, marketing, public relations, customer service, sales, social media, and e-commerce. With AI, automating your silos individually will only generate even more disconnected client experiences that will drive customers to competitors. You must unite any part of your organization that touches the client into one expert team that works to optimize the full value for the customer in time, money, and happiness. If you don't do this first, don't invest in AI. Disconnected, optimized, stand-alone AI silo solutions that are automated will only amplify the dysfunctional nature of your client experience. 3. AI algorithms are as effective and as biased as the data scientists who create them. AI is selling the myth that algorithms are intelligent and objective, but nothing could be further from the truth. Algorithms are designed and built by humans. These humans have major biases. The data set that is selected, labeled, structured and used to train a genetic algorithm can be biased by the experiences and mindset of the AI team. Take note that the AI industry, probably more than any other industry, is comprised of "bro-grammers," mostly single Caucasian and Asian males. Females and other minority group members are often excluded from or marginalized on their teams. AI's most common method today, machine learning, is about 90% "supervised learning." It is called "supervised" learning for a reason. The training examples and weightings upon which genetic algorithms learn iteratively are provided and tweaked by humans. They may have advanced degrees, but that does not guarantee that they have social skills, and, as research shows, they especially lack empathy. Before you set any algorithm free to engage with your luxury clients, you need to torture test it to ensure that you are treating employees and clients, especially women and minorities, who are the present and future of your brand, like cared-for, respected, and valued human beings. 4. AI is new, so new it direly lacks data scientists with expertise, especially business domain expertise. Today, AI is in its practical infancy, and so are the data scientists who staff most of the AI companies. First, unless you have access to massive amounts of data and massive processing power (e.g. you work at a high level at Google, Amazon, Apple, or Facebook) no matter how many PhD degrees and boot camp lessons you have accumulated, you have minor experience. You do not have expertise in machine learning, and even less expertise in any industry or business domain. Even the best in data science are nothing without massive data and processing power. Most data scientists today are in the same shape as someone who has learned how to drive a Ferrari in a simulator, and who may actually own a Ferrari, but has never had the fuel or a challenging racetrack to develop expertise and mastery of driving the automobile. Before you hand your data over to a team of data scientists, conduct full due diligence, not only on how many successful projects the data scientists have executed, but their actual contributions to each project. Client references will be even more critical with AI vendors than any other business purchase you will ever make. Finally, you must provide the diligent adult supervision that brings reality and domain expertise to any AI project. 5. Genetic algorithms are "black boxes" that often cannot explain why they responded to a client in a particular way. One of the most fascinating attributes of genetic algorithms is that their behaviors, like a human brain's, are not always easy to understand. Sometimes they can respond in ways that are negative, unethical, or illegal. The way algorithms work is that they behave a bit like high-speed procreation of a species inside a computer. They are given a training set of data, accompanied by the right answers, and they increasingly improve their ability to tweak the strength of each connection, until they get better, and eventually, reach a probabilistically, if not perfectly, correct solution. This process works like our brains, weakening and strengthening connections until they get it right and can learn to classify data, even if it is new. Unlike in a conventional database, the connections an algorithm establishes are encoded in the strength of the connection, not in a specific location. This makes it difficult for data scientists to audit and explain why an algorithm may have acted in a specific way. For example, it may have rejected a top-tier client's request, or the request of a daughter of a top client with a different last name and buying pattern. While a human being could make an exception judgment in real-time, an algorithm is restricted by its own connections. In some cases, algorithms have veered driverless cars off the road, or excluded people for loans illegally, based on connections that are not obvious to, or explainable by, the programmers. Make sure you understand the risks involved in letting algorithms do your thinking. Unlike the baffled data scientists who can walk away, you will be held fully and legally accountable, and you will be responsible for coming up with explanations and solutions. 6. Your online AI interactions will be subject to mischief from hackers and other interaction risks. AI's big claim is that its data scientists have created algorithms that learn to learn. That is indeed a huge achievement, but it can also be a huge liability. Look at the example of Microsoft, which in 2016 put Tay, a chatbot, into the public domain to engage in conversation with people on Twitter. Within 24 hours, the chatbot was taken offline because it had been gamed by clever and malicious users who "taught" Tay to be racist and even to promote Nazi ideology. The lesson is that when you release your continuously-learning algorithm into the public domain, such as your website, and social media, you will expose it to a world where it will learn from whatever it interacts with over time, good or bad. Unless you are constantly and meticulously vetting the incoming data and refining the algorithm, the results it produces may be far from what you desired. This is a very expensive caveat. In the case of Tay, the culprits were mischievous random people, but you can bet that hackers worldwide are salivating at the opportunity to wreak havoc on the learning algorithms of companies that engage online, which means all of us. One thing you will need to figure out with AI is who is continuously watching the algorithm interactions to identify and prevent mischief that damages client experiences, and your brand, or worse, creates massive security risks. 7. AI is not a substitute for true human engagement. AI vendors will tell you that their algorithms can think much better and faster than humans, and unscrupulous vendors will claim that they can, and should, actually replace humans. When you hear that, take a deep breath and think like an intelligent human being. For rote, mechanical, frequent, high-volume tasks, it is true that AI will replace humans. In fact, most company rules, policies and procedures today have hollowed out many jobs into dehumanizing, scripted, soulless, mechanical interactions that should be automated. Luxury Institute believes that genuine, empathic, trustworthy, and generous human experiences that deliver emotional value and joy, will never be replaced by AI. If you choose to join, or compete, directly with Amazon, then you should automate most tasks and transform your brand into a utility. In luxury, however, AI will be a human enhancer. It will augment the power of human beings and help create humanistic jobs that we cannot imagine today. Develop the refined skill within your luxury leadership of being able to differentiate the tasks that you want to automate with AI versus the experiences that you will deliver with the inimitable power of inspired humans. When your competitors are duped into dehumanizing their experiences in a commoditized race to the bottom by unscrupulous AI vendors, resist benchmarking them into oblivion. Vast Hype, True Potential AI is the new electricity. Electricity has been mostly a force for good in the world. In its early days, however, much remained to be learned about using it intelligently and safely. Artificial Intelligence is at the same stage. It will be a force for phenomenal good, yet, as the Internet amply demonstrates, it will unleash many unintended consequences, some very damaging to brands. One company that is on its journey to using AI intelligently is custom suit maker, Knot Standard. Even without AI, using the Luxcelerate system, Knot Standard continues to drive sales growth at a phenomenal clip. The brand's leaders recognize that its superb quality in custom-made clothing, along with its inspired associates, are the secrets of its success. At the same time, they are incorporating AI into their ability to perfect client measurement, improve quality, deliver better product faster, and in augmenting the relationship-building efficiency of its associates with a product recommendation engine. AI will become necessary and ubiquitous, which is why it will never be the source of a brand's competitive advantage. For more information and additional insights visit www.LuxuryInstitute.com, or contact Luxury Institute CEO Milton Pedraza directly with questions (mpedraza@luxuryinstitute.com). Contact Information Katherine Sousa ksousa@luxuryinstitute.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Luxury Institute, LLC From this industry Automotive Lifestyle and Leisure Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Cars Fashion Advertising, PR and Marketing Apparel Appliances Cosmetics and Accessories Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest E-Commerce Furniture and Furnishings See all RSS Newsfeeds   Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.luxuryinstitute.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'Terrifyingly scary' Google Maps timeline feature that shows users their location history is rolling out on iOS Feature allows users to look back at where they've been in a browser history The service was released on Android and desktop in 2015 Users can look through pictures taken previously at each location Users must opt in to use the service, and can edit their history  By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 14:04 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 14:42 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail 7 shares 31 View comments Google Maps' controversial service Timeline which allows users to see the places they visit most often is rolling out on iOS. The feature shows just how much Google knows about us - with some commentators describing it as 'terrifyingly scary'. Google says the service, which was released on Android and desktop in 2015, helps people remember restaurants and other places they have visited, and says users need to enable location history to use this feature, as it is switched off by default.  Scroll down for video Google Map's Timeline service, which allows users to see the places they visit most often, is rolling out on iOS after being released on Android and desktop in 2015 TIMELINE FEATURE Google says the feature is a great way to look back at what users have done - for example finding out where you found that museum, restaurant or park. The feature also allows users to control what shows up in your Timeline and edit information if the auto-tagged locations and activities were not correct.   The service can even look through pictures to find those users have taken at each location. Users must have opted-in to store Location History with Google. Users can can delete a day or full history at any time.  Although Google Maps is generally focused on getting people from A to B this feature allows users to look back at where they have been in a browser history. Google says the feature is a great way to look back at what users have done - for example revisiting a museum, restaurant or park. The feature also allows users to control what shows up in the Timeline section and edit information if the auto-tagged locations and activities were not correct, writes Tech Crunch.  The service can even look through pictures to find those users have taken at each location and will say when they last visited.  Users can only access the feature when they're logged in to Maps, and the content is editable and not shareable. Users can easily delete a day, a date range, or your full history at any time, and can edit any location or method of transportation that appears in Timeline. A new feature across all devices also sends monthly emails summarising travel history over the last month. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Facebook goes virtual: Firm unveils VR and AR software as... A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant: Galaxy S8... Floating clouds and glitter rainbows: Snapchat brings its... Nasa streams the first ever 360-degree view of its Atlas... Share this article Share However, back when it was released in 2015, users took to Twitter to describe the feature as 'scary' and one site dubbed it 'terrifyingly cool but terrifyingly scary'.   'Have you ever wanted a way to easily remember all the places you’ve been - whether it’s a museum you visited during your last vacation or that fun bar you stumbled upon a few months ago?' the firm's Gerard Sanz said in a blog post announcing the feature in 2015. 'Your Timeline allows you to visualise your real-world routines, easily see the trips you’ve taken and get a glimpse of the places where you spend your time.'  Called Timeline, it is designed to allow users of the firm's online maps to see the places they frequent most often. However, some users took to twitter to describe the feature as 'scary' The feature also allows users to control what shows up in your Timeline and edit information if the auto-tagged locations and activities were not correct However, Google stresses the security of the service, saying 'Your Timeline is private and visible only to you; and you control the locations you choose to keep. 'This means you can easily delete a day or your full history at any time. 'We hope you find Your Timeline a valuable and helpful tool as you explore the world around you,' the firm says. Users must have opted-in to store Location History with Google Users can can delete a day or full history at any time.        Read more: Incredibly cool new Google Maps feature is also terrifyingly scary ¿ BGR Google Maps for iOS now lets you retrace your steps with Timeline | TechCrunch Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack Players in disbelief as sex noises halt tennis match Irish woman's shocking racist rant against Indian passenger North Korean performance shows simulated bombing of US city Man shows 'incredible strength' to pull off one-armed push-ups 'Will my kids be okay?': PTSD sufferer asks Prince William Brutal footage shows bouncer punching woman in the face Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell AFL player receives awkward massage from female physio Dramatic moment drinker attacks landlady in pub beer garden 'Need some help?': Gronk crashes Spicer's press briefing Moment Two-year-old gets emotional when listening to opera Revealed: Disgraced Patriots star Aaron Hernandez may... The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being... Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his... North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear... 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William... 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims':... Factory worker sticks a 1.6ft long eel into his anus... The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a... Inside the ghost town in North Korean built by South... Mother-of-four, 36, killed herself after she lost custody... Theresa May warns Britain about a 'coalition of chaos'... Bottoms up! 'The Flying Bum' - the world's biggest... Surgeon who cut off four-year-old's penis while carrying... Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their... That’s not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match... Enormous iceberg 50ft taller than the one that sank the... Theresa May hints at mass clearout of Cameron's legacy:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 31 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The Panama Papers jail: Architects create concept prison ship that can hold 3,300 tax-avoiders in Game of... Facebook's mind reading system revealed: Optical brain sensors will allow people to type at 100 words per... Incredible 11-metre statue of Ramses II is unveiled in Luxor after being restored from 57 broken pieces Lockheed Martin reveals radical superfast 'Raider' Special Operations helicopter with two sets of rotors The slomo video that shows what happens INSIDE a rocket engine when it blasts off Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a... Nintendo will launch a SECOND mini console based on its SNES this year (and hopefully will be able to keep... Are YOUR headphones spying on you? Bose accused of using app to track customer's listening habits Silicon Valley juice machine that costs $400 shown to be no more effective than a pair of bare hands Is YOUR games console infested with roaches? Repair firm says Sony's PS4 is insect heaven and finds them... Air Force's mysterious X-37B space plane reaches a record 700 days in orbit (but we STILL don't know its... 'Terrifyingly scary' Google Maps timeline feature that shows users their location history is rolling out on... Meet the SUPERHUMANS: Researchers reveal how technology will turn future factory workers into cyborgs sooner... Meet Lara: Facebook's first chatbot 'dating coach' will set you up with someone based on your interests Schematics reveal Apple's iPhone 8 WILL have a fingerprint sensor on the back MORE HEADLINES Meet the SUPERHUMANS: Researchers reveal how technology will turn future factory workers into cyborgs sooner than you think The Panama Papers jail: Architects create concept prison ship that can hold 3,300 tax-avoiders in Game of Thrones-style 'sky cells' Like mother, like daughter: Face scanning technology reveals the features you're most likely to inherit from your parents First evidence that LSD produces a 'higher' level of consciousness is revealed in brain scans Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a nuclear attack What would happen if that massive asteroid zipping by actually hit us? Study reveals exactly how millions would die Mystery of the 'man-eating lions of Tsavo' is finally solved: Creatures devoured 35 men in 1898 killing spree because they had bad TEETH Nintendo will launch a SECOND mini console based on its SNES this year (and hopefully will be able to keep up with demand this time) Lockheed Martin reveals radical superfast 'Raider' Special Operations helicopter with two sets of rotors Incredible 11-metre statue of Ramses II is unveiled in Luxor after being restored from 57 broken pieces Freezer malfunction melts ancient ice cores worth $1million destroying 22,000 years of historical records It's one thing after another! Samsung is in trouble AGAIN after Galaxy S8 customers receive handsets with 'faulty' red screens Terrifying red-eyed MUTANT wasp is created for the first time using a controversial 'cut and paste' gene-editing technique Is YOUR games console infested with roaches? Repair firm says Sony's PS4 is insect heaven and finds them stuffed with roaches Newly discovered Egyptian carnivore that hunted our ancestors 40 million years ago is named after an ancient god of the underworld MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Frmer Desperate Housewives actress  Busting for date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson She put her assets on display  'March for climate, jobs, and justice': Supermodel Gisele posts an anti-Trump tweet as husband Brady skips Patriots team visit to the White House  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman  My, how you've changed: Elsa Pataky, 40, is barely recognizable as retro photos show the Fate Of The Furious star's transformation 'It was a choice': Food Network star Ina Garten says she didn't have kids in order to live life the way she wanted to Jointly agreed early on in their relationship EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead  'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together Former OC star 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of her 'two champions' Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media Chest amazing! Demi Lovato slips into yet another plunging swimsuit as she shows off her curvy figure Cool For The Summer singer  So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Becoming a blended family! Jennifer Lopez posts heartwarming photo of daughter Emme and new boyfriend Alex Rodriguez' daughter Natasha on Instagram Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles The Love On the Brain singer  Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized for indigestion  Home for the holidays! Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright celebrate the end of this season of Vanderpump Rules with a family vacation In Tarpon Springs, Florida All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC A quick change on set in the Big Apple Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Played Rocky Balboa Ivanka Trump returns to the White House for first day back from Canadian ski getaway - after the family arrives home early in the morning Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash She is 54 Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event The former supermodel All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York A shining star Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  The 66-year-old actor and his 71-year-old love  Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester)  Chris Pratt shares sweet kiss with Anna Faris at premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy... after she posts shirtless snap of him preparing for big night Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA She's toned up Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled Upcoming Civil War thriller 'I Am Heath Ledger' documentary set to premiere in the late actor's hometown of Perth ahead of one-week ONLY cinema release in Australia 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Her adopted children are her Ray Of Light Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian They married six years ago  Her wild side! Sarah Paulson rocks leopard print coat at Broadway opening of The Little Foxes The People v. O.J. Simpson star  Jennifer Garner's husband Bryan Cranston goes missing in chilling trailer for new drama Wakefield She plays Diana Wakefield Kelly Bensimon wows in sparkly magenta dress and gold belt at Food Bank fundraiser in NYC  She is a former Real Housewives of New York 'I found my husband to be at this same location two years ago!' Shanina Shaik cosies up to fiancé DJ Ruckus at Coachella's Neon Carnival as they celebrate anniversary No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Dream Girl! Jennifer Hudson shows off her fabulous figure in tiny mini-dress at Clive Davis film premiere in New York City On the red carpet Any shade will do! Fifty Shades Of Grey star Dakota Johnson shields eyes from the sun as she flaunts lithe figure in yoga gear She is the star of Fifty Shades Of Gray Ladds night out! Charlie's Angel's star Cheryl enjoys night out at Hollywood premiere with her lookalike daughter Hitting the town Green goddess! Kate Bosworth is a serene beauty at National Geographic upfronts in New York City At Jazz at Lincoln Center in the Big Apple 'There are days where I feel completely off my rocker': Kelly Rowland reveals she meditates and prays as she juggles her family and career life ahead of The Voice That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and tights following night out in London Bride's fairytale wedding gown sparks a social media frenzy and becomes the most liked wedding dress EVER on Instagram... so would YOU wear it? A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot The 50-year-old actress was seen Wednesday wearing a large brown hat  Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Bared some skin Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria shows off her fab figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway Said on Snapchat she 'wasn't going to post anything on vacation' Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'Everyone f***s things up': Actress Elizabeth Debicki opens up about the vulnerability she suffers as says she's tired of 'boring' comparisons to Cate Blanchett PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway after partying at Coachella  Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  Settling into fatherhood! Jeff Lewis shares video of daughter Monroe... after revealing Kim Zolciak has been 'most supportive' celebrity pal Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood The comedienne went make-up free  Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded TV event...as she is confirmed for Life-Size sequel Yes, Wills and Harry have suffered. But will the public respect a king who lets his emotions all hang out, asks STEPHEN GLOVER They have been very frank Pippa's fiance pulls out of his brother's TV venture: James Matthews quits his position as director of production company She's preparing to wed 'I'm not just going to palm him off': Actress Teresa Palmer on why she won't hire a nanny as she gushes about the 'profound love' she feels as a mum Hacksaw Ridge actress No comment! Olivia de Havilland hasn't watched FX's Feud and objects 'in principle' to dramatising Joan Crawford and Bette Davis rivalry 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Fans await its sequel 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album New album Places 'Surreal': Chris Pratt shares behind-the-scenes picture of the making of his Hollywood Walk Of Fame star He is 37 Purple Rain leak! The secret bonus track list for the deluxe reissue of late pop star Prince's iconic album is out ...seven weeks before its release 'I love the big guy!' Australian singer Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal  He's Heidi Klum's ex Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Ex Grey's Anatomy star 'Fascinating in every way': Fixer Upper's Chip Gaines raves about wife Joanna on her 39th birthday The HGTV star posted a picture of his wife  Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage Spilled bedroom secrets Flipping great news! Olympic gymnast Carly Patterson reveals that she is pregnant with her first 'miracle' child, after 'struggling for quite some time' to conceive 'Harry is a hero': Duchess of Cambridge praises 'brilliant' brother-in-law for speaking up about his mental health struggles after Diana's death Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  Had his hands full Tina Arena, 49, reflects on four decades in music and says she would warn her younger self that 'everybody has a hidden agenda' She's the Australian singing legend Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash George Clooney's ex The Timberlakes take Manhattan! Justin goes incognito in black outfit as wife Jessica Biel cradles son Silas... after snapping up $27.5m pad in NYC 'There's a baby cooking up in there!': Survivor star Caleb Reynolds announces pregnancy with wife Ashley Jay via sweet Twitter snaps Who's that curl? How Meghan Markle's latest flowing, curly hairstyle makes her look more like Kate than ever The similarities were striking Producer of The Hangover and We're the Millers JC Spink is found dead at his Hollywood home at the age of 45 Producer of The Hangover trilogy 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame He's Rhianna's ex The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over for Megyn Kelly at 9 All change 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man  From Gaga's rainbow mani to Vanessa Hudgens' crystal-adorned look: Get inspired for your next salon visit by the coolest nail art spotted at Coachella Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Revealing all KATIE HOPKINS: I'm sorry but I LIKE my Royals calm, cold and ever-so-slightly-heartless - not oversharing their issues like a talk show guest  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'definitely too soon' to start dating again following the death of her husband Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Romantic date night  Conjuring up some magic? Will Smith 'in talks to take on the late Robin Williams' role as the Genie' in Disney's live-action remake of Aladdin Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA The 35-year-old flaunted her bump  'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new No Frauds music video... shot the day before terror attack Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera White House stalker who went to Malia Obama's internship and begged her to marry him and even pretended to be BLIND to follow her is detained  Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian  Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following marriage split  'Thank god I was born in 1981': Nicole Richie says she's grateful social media wasn't around during her teens and 20s when she battled addiction  Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 Showed off her assets  Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Melissa George, 40, looks radiant and refreshed as she steps out for dinner in Paris amid bitter custody battle with ex partner Jean-David Blanc Travel in style! FEMAIL talks to the designers behind Away - a Suki Waterhouse approved luggage brand - on how to pack a suitcase properly Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer The 46-year-old Mad Men alum  Show me the money! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is 'asking HGTV for $1 MILLION per season' to keep her... and she wants ex Tarek 'dumped' Yankees legend Derek Jeter and ex-Florida Governor Jeb Bush 'team up to bid for the Miami Marlins who are on sale for over $1.5billion' Netty...but nice! Famous In Love star Bella Thorne rocks fishnet body suit with crop top and pants at promo event Talked up new series Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Looked playful Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' 'Knowing you care has made me feel better': Richard Simmons speaks out for the first time in three YEARS after his hospitalization for indigestion Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami Pair look smitten   My mini me! Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with daughter Everly The actress and her daughter, who turns four next month, enjoyed some bonding time  Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The 53-year-old actor is reportedly getting out and being social  Had your feast of Easter eggs? Turn them into a face mask! FEMAIL looks at the recipes that will keep you glowing including white chocolate body butter Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York Covered up on a solo outing in the Big Apple Strike a pose! Sports Illustrated beauty Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Doesn't want to see it  'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  She's a fashionista  Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation' Disgraced former NFL star Aaron Hernandez kills himself in prison days after the convicted killer was acquitted of double murder  Found dead in his cell NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison  Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl  after Aaron Hernandez commits suicide - then says he is 'celebrating his parents' anniversary  Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked flight on her way home from Easter break  On vacation in Spain Sylvester Stallone's three daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Hourglass shape Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Plays a mutant with a bionic arm The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof The made-for-TV war continued  Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer gold bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ The 57-year-old NBA legend has a great father-son bond   Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before starring in first international fashion campaign Irina Shayk reveals her jaw-dropping post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth to their first child Julia Roberts receives People Magazine's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a record FIFTH time... and jokes about beating pal George Clooney Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris  Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans Enjoying down time  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film 'The Promise' on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's even released in attempt to discredit the Armenian genocide Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Actress made a humanitarian statement 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' Courting attention? Australian model Skye Wheatley bares her bronzed derriere and sizeable sideboob in a G-string swimsuit as she hits the tennis court Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James  'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby red carpet return at Cannes  'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in blockbusters Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family  'I was a really tragic 13-year-old': Kate Beckinsale shares cringy postcard from her childhood crush Rob Lowe 'proposing marriage' Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy 'Animal loving' fashion designer, 48, who dressed Rhianna and Kanye West is fined $5,120 after he admits selling skulls and shells of endangered animals Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris Caught the eye of many in French capital Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney Bella Thorne shows off her pierced nipple in a see-through top as she poses for a sizzling social media snap Showed off her many piercings Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples Harry's little helper! Prince and an adorable young fan open the London Marathon Expo in his first appearance since mental health revelations 'The flu can be an amazing diet!' Grateful Kim Kardashian credits recent illness for helping her lose 6Ibs ahead of the annual Met Gala That worked out well 'My FAT driver is questioning if I am healthy': Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol, as size 22 star vows to boycott  Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she'll have to spend every dollar on chemo!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbor, 75, loses vicious legal battle to knock down wall  'It would kill me': Elsa Pataky says she dreads having nude photos of herself leaked by hackers and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Graph shows Ivanka's clothing sales increased by 10,700% when Kellyanne Conway promoted her on TV - as outrage grows over China trademarks 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?': Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt cradles her bump as she displays her incredible athleticism during dance class... shortly after announcing she's expecting again Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser  'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie Australian actress spoke about the confrontation 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Nina Dobrev cuts a low-key figure in a striped Tee aand skinny jeans while stepping out in LA... amid rumours she is now dating Orlando Bloom Horsing around! North West looks thrilled on merry-go-round during aunt Kourtney Kardashian's birthday celebrations at Disneyland Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'It's funny it was so overly dramatised': Warren Beatty discusses his infamous Oscars ceremony blunder and deems the fuss 'silly' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Two men are charged with attempted MURDER after they stomped on a man's head in brutal Detroit brawl that went viral 4 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 4 Plus 1 on G+ 2 Share on Facebook 8 Share on Twitter Total Shares14 Applications Google Google Home News Article Contents 1 Control by voice 2 Services 3 Control by app 4 Upcoming Google first talked about Google Home back at I/O, but the device became official at the recent October hardware event. The speakers didn't go into detail on all the apps and services that Home would work with, preferring instead to focus on a few specific demos. Now, Google has published a list of everything that works with Home, and we expect this will grow over time. Here's what Google has published so far on its support site for Home. Control by voice Audio Google Play Music YouTube Music Spotify Pandora TuneIn Smart home Nest Thermostats Phillips Hue Samsung SmartThings Honeywell Belkin Wemo IF by IFTTT Wink Insignia Wi-Fi Smart Plug LIFX Vivint TP-Link (smart bulbs and plugs) Frigidaire Geeni Anova First Alert Logitech (Harmony) August Home (Smart Lock) Rachio (Smart Sprinklers) Lowes Iris Lutron Caseta Wireless Osram Lightify Streaming Devices Google Chromecast Vizio Toshiba Philips Sony Bang & Olufson B&O PLAY Grundig Polk Audio TV and Audio (Chromecast or Google Cast TV required) YouTube Netflix Google Photos Tasks Google Calendar Google Keep Games and Fun Mad Libs Services 21 Blackjack 360 Jungle 5 minute plank 8 ball Able Style ACTi SARA Aeden at Westworld Agent of the day Akinator Alfred Quotes Anchor And Chill Anova Argus Artsy Ask my buddy Ask Jelly Ask Wonder Audio Burst August AutoVoice Baby Stats Bank Helper BART Helper Bay Transport be box Beer guide Best Dad Jokes Brick Finder Brick info Bugle Notes Busuu Butler Services Buzzfeed CareGeneral CharlieCat Chefling Chk-in Cam ChronosBot City Cinema City of Auburn CMU Dining CNBC CNN Computer Builder Conrad Connect Control Nightingale Cook ai Cool Events Crazy House Credit card helper Daily Motiviation Danish Games DiamondHead Lake Divine Song Dododex Domino's Dr. Doggy Dublin bus finder Eliza Elle Horoscopes FaithLife Farmer's Almanac Fetch my calendar FitStar Flex TV Flipper Energy Food Guy Food Network Forecaster Joe Friendly Fortune Teller Friendly Librarian Genie Voice Genius Gina's Guitar Tuner Good code tips GoodGuide Graphically Speaking Guess my age Harmony Hawaii surf report Headspace Hipo Smart Home energy monitor HomeSeer Hopkins Bus Tracker Huffpost Headline Quiz Hydra CG Invasion Tracker Iowa Lake Info Itcher Izzy the Islander Jackson Locals Jaden Smith Quotes Jelly KAYAK Latest Trump Tweet Life Stories Line Status Lonely Planet Magic 8 ball Math Quiz Mental Math Mortgage Helper Mostly Harmless Quotes Miss Molecule's Favorite Molecule Mostly Harmless Quotes Motivate Me Movie Maestro Music Ear Trainer My Bus Stop Narwhal Bacon NBC News Neato Robot Never have I ever Next Transit Nexx Garage NPR One Number Genie Onelink Onshape OurGroceries PGA Tour Pi Digit Assistant Plane Strike PM 10 in Korea Poland Facts Prague Public Transport Pray Together Product Hunt Progressive Quick Remote Quora Racing Results Random conversations Real Estate Search red pebble Reverse Math Game Ring Salon Professional Sayspring Scout Seaside Data Seattle Pools SF Transit SG NextBus Shelly Cloud SigmaCasa Silly Bean Smart AC Smart Life Smart Voice Song Explorer SongPop Sound Effects Explorer Spelling Master St. Joseph's Lunch Menu Star Wars Facts Starfish Me Starfish Track Steven Wynn Quotes Story Stan Story Tree Straight Times Street Dictionary Stringify Sub War Summoner Expert Team Ninja Tender Text Adventure The Animal Quiz The Bartender The Daily Camera The Keys, DJ Khaled quotes The Magic Door The Misfortune Coookie The Motley Fool The Temple at the End of the Forest The Virtual Concierge WSJ Today's Bible Verse Today's Word Todoist Tomato Reviews TRT World Quiz Tube Check Tube Status Tube Trains Uber Upcoming Bollywood Movies Value Adder Venturebeat News Weather Sky WebMD Whitney Bond wikiHow Wine Guide World Air Quality Index WRAL WUFT YouVersion YouVersion Stories Control by app Any Cast-enabled audio app Upcoming Mercedes-Benz Hyundai iHeartRadio We'll update this post whenever Google adds more services, so stay tuned. Source: Google Support Tags apps assistant Google google home subscribe ... Previous Story Microsoft announces Wunderlist successor, the imaginatively named To-Do ... Next Story Historic audio brand Jensen announces stereo smart speaker with Chromecast built-in Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Mark01 Won't buy if you can't change that ridiculous Ok Google hotword nxtiak You'd rather say some weird name like Alexa or Siri? eazyean1 Echo is cool actually Abhishek Saral If it works just by saying "Google" it would be nice. Like in Amazon Echo we just have to say "Alexa". David Hyman Microsoft just recently changed the Xbox commands from Xbox to Cortona. Not only is it worse than before but I constantly say the old keyword. The thing with ok google is that it never really comes up during a normal conversation where as Siri and Alexa sound more like other names and leaves to false keyword activation XerBlade Having "Xbox" as the hotword was pretty much the dumbest idea they could've possibly had. Unless you are a lonely warrior who only plays video games by himself all the time (as game developers seem to think all gamers are these days since hardly anyone who isn't Nintendo builds local multiplayer anymore...), it is extremely likely that the word "Xbox" is going to come up in normal conversation extremely often while you are using the Xbox with your friends or family. In fact, I know from experience that it happens constantly. David Hyman True but my point was about the issues with changing hotwords, and the fact that Cortona is worse than what they had before Jarrett Lennon Kaufman In what way is it worse? "Hey Cortana" works pretty well for me on my computer and Xbox with NO false positives like before. trickinit It doesn't work very well for me. It's a lot slower to respond and it tends to get the command wrong a lot more than it used to with "Xbox". Anytime Cortana doesn't understand me, it switches to the browser to do a Bing search. That get pretty frustrating when I'm trying to record a game clip. David Hyman Yea! Try having Cortona try to find a TV show, that used to be solid with the old way and completely fails now Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That doesn't sound like a problem with the command, necessarily, but the software change overall. David Hyman It seems like it always has to phone home for even the simplest commands like turn off. It seems to fail to understand that command very often lzdking I keep switching back to Cortona after system updates because I really want to use it, but the lag time is too much. Very annoying to tell Cortona to pause a show and then have it take anywhere from 3 - 8 seconds to pause. I switched back to the Xbox commands because they are nearly instant. David Hyman Dude that's definitely a major issue. I keep using it so they get more data to hopefully improve it. I like the media capabilities of my Xbox more than Chromecast because I get hdmi pass through for my Comcast box and it has Amazon video. Two things that I can't get with a Chromecast XerBlade I wasn't going to correct you if you only said it once, but it's "Cortana." David Hyman Oh sorry auto correct Jarrett Lennon Kaufman That would be terrible. The word "Google" comes up a lot in conversation in 2016. No way I'd want that alone to be the keyword in my living room. Damodara Kovie [dkovie] It's 'Ok Google'. Do you really say those two words together outside of voice recognition interactions? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Did you bother to read the comment I was replying to? Damodara Kovie [dkovie] I feel a fool. My apologies, good sir. enoch861 At least those sound much much better than Ok, Google. catalysto Yes, "Alexa" is very easy to say and makes it feel like I'm talking to an actual person. "OK, Google" is awkward and alienating, at best. Matt Cortana is probably the best name actually. It's easy to say and is different enough that you shouldn't get a lot of false positives. I imagine Alexa could get annoying in households where someone is named Alexa, Alexis, possibly even Alex. wjrandon I'm tired of saying "ok google" as well. Marko Šaric Yeah. I wish that could be changed. At least "Hey Google!", as was shown at Google io. Lateef Alabi-Oki You can use "Hey Google" also. XerBlade At which point tech podcasters everywhere will have to find a new substitute phrase to use when they want to talk about it without activating the devices of everyone listening en masse. Lateef Alabi-Oki Hopefully, the voice training technology improves in these devices so that only registered voices can trigger the hotword. blassster And they need to tie the person's registered voice and query to the proper Google account. Custom hotwords per user would help. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe Dieter Bohn said they were working on that in today's Verge podcast. If true, that'd be really neat. blassster I've never had this problem after they rolled out the training model part of the setup so long ago. XerBlade I never had that problem until they did that. Actually, they rolled out the training part of the setup alongside the "OK Google everywhere" feature. Neither existed before the other. So I highly doubt very many people had the issue BEFORE they rolled out the training model part of the setup, because they would literally have to be sitting either on the Google Now screen or (in the case of Nexus devices only at the time) on the home screen at the time when the hotword was heard, the chances of which are kinda low. blassster Oh, I thought the training model came later. I remember after training it (or, probably re-training it if you are correct) that it was solved. Early on for me it was the worst! youareme7 really? that's a Home thing I missed? I mean I want custom but at least hey google rolls off a little easier than ok google. Lateef Alabi-Oki I doubt they'd make it customizable since "Ok, Google" is free marketing and brand awareness for them. youareme7 Yeah, don't disagree but still a bummer, that syllable salad is a minor annoyance Lateef Alabi-Oki Yeah, I can see how it may be difficult to pronounce for non-English speakers. Maison Pulaski I doubt they would change the name of their flagship phone because _Nexus_ is free.... Oh wait.... Nevermind. Lateef Alabi-Oki You're right. This is Google we're talking about. We might wake up tomorrow and the hotword would be "Hey, Giri". By the way they're going to change the name of the Google Cast app to Google Home. Not confusing at all. Arthur J. hey google doesn't work Tuck Choate You don't have a Google home to test it on, yet, do you? Arthur J. I was speaking about Nexus Tuck Choate This discussion is about Google home. Arthur J. yeah, but why the command would be this on a device and that on another Tuck Choate It's primarily a voice device. AP even did an article on an APK breakdown on how they might give more control to users for voice actions. http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/08/19/google-app-v6-3-suggests-google-assistant-may-launch-limited-language-support-expands-user-defined-actions-apk-teardown/ Arthur J. Forgot that one, that would so nice if they expand it to all devices. As Youareme7 said, 'OK' an extra syllable and "hey" would be more discreet. Especially when you say in English US in a non english country Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yes, but more syllables was purposeful. More syllables makes it easier for the software to understand and gives you fewer false positives. Ryan Hey google works, I have one. Its not as reliable as OK google though. Lateef Alabi-Oki I believe "Hey, Google" worked in the demos. I may be wrong though, but I thought it did. Arthur J. I didn't payed attention to that Matt It just worked on my phone. 6p YaKillaCJ Just worked on my watch too. Hey Google is a lot more natural than ok Google. Still should be able to name your device. It's only natural since U can nickname/hotkey people. That way my Phone, Remote (older phone), Tablet, Watch, and now Home doesn't go off at once. drksilenc It does work i use it at home all the time. It doesnt work from cell phone which is done on purpose so you dont get multiple google devices activating at the same time. Justin W Hey Google works for me with my phone. Not sure if it's me just not saying it clearly enough or if it's actually a supported hotword though. Marko Šaric Works for me too (just tried it out). On my g watch and Nexus 5x. Cool. Markus Ressel Still kind of awkward imo dhamp2g Pretty silly reason to me, but to each his own. Marko Šaric Will Google Home work in Europe? (By Europe I mean Croatia). Lateef Alabi-Oki No, because the EU will find an excuse to sanction them for another monopoly abuse claim. Marko Šaric Seriously though. I was thinking about getting one. But I would like to know if I could actually use the thing and not just admire it. Lateef Alabi-Oki I think it's US only for now. It might come to Europe next year. They probably want to get multilingual issues sorted out first before they introduce it in Europe. Marko Šaric That's a bit disappointing if true. I would use it in English anyway. Lars Jeppesen Of course it will work if you import it. I'm planning to.. Marko Šaric I'm planning to also. However, I would like to not pay 3 times the price after shipping and taxes. Any tips for import sites where you may have purchased items previously. I've never imported from the states, as I merely use Amazon.de or UK. Lars Jeppesen Why would you think that? You think it checks your location and refuses to work if outside the US? Lateef Alabi-Oki Nope. I'm just speculating. I could competely wrong. Gregory It might not be sold in Europe, but will it work in Europe? I also don't mind using it in English. Matt I want to know this too. I might get my US friend to bring one with him in December to the UK, if it's going to work that is. Lateef Alabi-Oki If Google Assistant works in Europe, and I believe it does, I see no reason why Google Home wouldn't. I doubt Google would deliberately region lock Home. Jens Törnblad It doesn't work with Android TV? RedPandaAlex I'm pretty sure they confirmed that it will worth with Android TV using the Google Cast feature. Lateef Alabi-Oki It works with any Google Cast enabled device, including Android TV. Christofftofferson I assumed it would as android tv is a Chromecast receiver. komal You have a nice post and i liked very much http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/march-2017-calendar.html XerBlade It will cast to an Android TV device, yes, but you can't use it (yet) to control the Android TV interface with voice commands like you can with one of the Android TV voice remotes. So it's kinda halfway supported. 2×4 Missing: - 8tracks? - TP-Link Kasa? - Ecobee? Lazy Tango All my standing lights are connected through TP-Link Kasa... Partially because Alexa connects to it, but mostly because I can't afford Hue lights. 2×4 in my case, I use Kasa because solutions that require a hub haven't worked reliably enough for me. CUEBALL Same here. Hope Kasa integrates with Home in the near future. Kevin Sauer No Ecobee? No Caseta Wireless Lutron? The smarthome space is so annoying right now. "Buy this thing! It may work with some other stuff. I dunno. Good luck." wjrandon "Ok Google, start the Rooma"? Kevin Sauer Sure that sounds good Philip Worthington Maybe, although I suspect what you got would be closer to this... https://youtu.be/g8v6cZ21vlc thomasguide2 Shouldn't the roomba be starting by itself? Phoenix I see what you did there Fatty Bunter You can do this with a Harmony Hub and IFTTT right now by issuing the appropriate IR command for a given voice keyword. Obviously that requires more $, but hey it's possible. enoch861 This is why you just buy the Echo. It works with mostly everything. catalysto Yeah, except the Amazon ecosystem is nowhere near as robust as Google's (e.g., Calendar, Maps, et cetera). Amazon has the upper hand on hardware integration at the moment, but I have no doubt that Google will quickly catch up -- especially with this fairly impressive launch list (remember Echo launched with none). Matt Maps "Ok Google, Navigate to the store." "You're in your house dumbfuck, but here's a map to the store on your TV." catalysto So... What exactly is your point? You know Alexa doesn't have this information, right? Cory S it actually can do all those things. Albeit badly, but it does. cabbieBot best comment on AP possibly ever. Brandon V. Fletcher Echo's support grew over time. So will Google Home's. Hector Diaz I have 3 echo so with Smartthings. Really like it but echo is not that smart. shadowdude777 It really bugs me that Play Music doesn't work with the Echo. And this is ALL GOOGLE'S FAULT. If they would just expose an API like Spotify does, we could have support for Play Music everywhere that we have Spotify. I'd ditch Play Music today, because Spotify has a better desktop client, better social features, an app that isn't a lagfest, and better family pricing now, but I'd lose out on Play Music's ability to upload my own tracks, which is sadly quite important to me. :( Cory S Amazon blocks Chromecast products from even being sold on their store, and you think they would work well with Google on this? BRB I need to get back to watch Prime video on my TV....oh wait its Android TV and I cant because actively AMAZON BLOCKS IT. shadowdude777 Amazon doesn't have to do ANYTHING if Google didn't provide such a bad service with a locked-down API; that's the point. If there were a Play Music API, a third-party dev could write the Echo Skill that integrates with it, with no work on Amazon's part. All of these walled gardens are infuriating; Google needs to learn to play nice with other ecosystems. It would solve a lot of their problems if they just made it possible to integrate their services with other systems. Andy J Did you really just suggest that Google doesn't open up everything they can for developers? You have seen https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer/#p/ right? shadowdude777 You're joking, right? Are you really defending them and saying that "they're doing the best they can"? If they were opening up everything they can for developers, why is there no music API? Spotify has one. Why is there no Hangouts API? Why is there no Allo API? These are all services that NEED APIs to be taken seriously. Give me one good reason why they can't expose an API for these services. Andy J OK - well..... Hangouts & Allo = proprietary, just like WhatsApp doesn't have an API, Facebook messenger doesn't have an API. The music service doesn't have an API for any number of reasons ranging from - they don't want to expose the service via an API to - the contracts they have agreed with the studios and labels may well disallow it, don't make the mistake that all the music services have identical agreements with the labels because that is far from the case. Finally - don't fall in to the trap that every service under the sun should/does have an API - Netflix doesn't provide an API allowing you to consume their paid for content outside of the Netflix ecosystem. Amazon TV doesn't have an API allowing you to consume their video content outside of their service. shadowdude777 Google Talk used standards (XMPP) while Hangouts doesn't, and Allo doesn't. Yes, other walled gardens also don't provide APIs, but you shouldn't pretend that Google is some bastion of developer/consumer-friendliness when they're just as bad as every other company that thinks they're above playing nice with others. Slack has an API, Discord has an API, Telegram has an API etc. There's no way that Google was able to negotiate an agreement allowing for a feature like users uploading their own songs to Play Music, but not negotiate an agreement allowing for API access for premium members like Spotify has. This is a decision they made, considering they obviously have the pull to make an API happen if they actually cared. Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API. But Play Music has no reason not to have one, nor do Google's multiple failing messenger apps. Andy J "Yes, video streaming services don't provide APIs, and I'm not asking for Google to open up a Play Movies streaming API." This is my point - why? Why aren't you asking for that? Your entire argument is that Google don't have enough APIs - why stop at demanding Play Music? I'm not saying Google should not open up an Play Music API - there is obviously something because there are unofficial apps that use an undocumented API - but why do you think it would be OK to not open up a video streaming API too - after all - YouTube has one, why shouldn't Play Movies - especially considering it uses YouTube on the backend anyway. Josh Hoffman How is the Spotify family pricing better than Google All Access? Play music 6 users for 14.99 plus Youtube Red. Spotify is 14.99 for 6 users but spotify only. shadowdude777 Didn't realize it was you + 5 people for Play Music, I thought it was 5 people total (so you + 4 people). Yeah, I guess GPM's pricing is better. Pranav Check IFTTT, they have a lot of connections that solve this issue Savage Alien Ecobee commands are HomeKit based. atlharry Not just HomeKit. Smartthings works as well so you could get to the Ecobee through Smartthings. Savage Alien Oh, okay. Thanks for clarifying that. youareme7 These are just the launch (pre-launch?) partners, it'll expand exponentially when they open it up in December. I use Wink for instance and I know they're working on it but weren't a "launch partner". dhamp2g They have some big ones on the list. It works with chrome cast, text , and Play music.....I'm in Lars Jeppesen Never heard of those products.... Ryan IFTTT gives you control over all of that. The setup kind of sucks, Ill admit, but the plus side you can customize the phrases that trigger things to something that is more "human" or fun. Kevin Sauer Thanks for your reply. I have already done all of that through IFTTT, but as you point out, it's a pain in the ass. I would prefer the manufacturers bake it into their product directly. YaKillaCJ @Ryan I did the same here. I just setup a lot using IFTTT, Pushbullet & Tasker. Sure U have to manually make the word commands but it works. Nothing like saying "Hey Google" and control nearly everything. Ryan Yeah, its definitely tedious. But odds are I will keep doing it after makers like Wemo and Lutron plug in because, what I have seen so far with 3rd party services, their actions are really limited. While I had to set it up its nice to be able to say "Hey Google, start a fire" to have it turn on my fireplace instead of something more literal. BAlGaInTl I paired mine with a Samsung SmartThings hub that was on sale for $50. I can control my Ecobee seamlessly through that. I don't think there is Lutron support yet though. MicroNix This is why Echo > Google Home right now and probably for some time. Android sites are hyping Google Home like its some great thing. It barely works with anything in a smart home right now. Let's revisit in a year or so. Until then, umm, no thanks. Ethan Campbell I'm interested in the Software. I was a Quora power user, and I'm on hiatus right now. When I return, I will be using the Google Home with it all the time. Gregg Long I hope Caseta comes through soon. A much better solution for lights that aren't table lamps. Gregg Long Yes much better - and they still offer a wall wart plug in for table lamps. And unlike solutions like Hue, you can use a caseta wall switch which works with regular decora plates to turn on and off the lights while still having retaining control through your app. With Wifi lights, when you turn them off at the switch your remote control turns off with them. eazyean1 Sonos? Lateef Alabi-Oki If you can connect the Audio Chromecast to Sonos, it might be able to work. I don't have a Sonos, but I heard someone talk about it on an IOT podcast yesterday. Christofftofferson Most of the sonos speakers don't have audio in jacks (only the play 5 does). Sonos does accept google cast from Google play if you have sonos on the android phone you're casting from. Also they annouced they're working with Alexa to get voice control in 2017... so hopefully they remain fairly agnostic between Google, Amazon and others. Lateef Alabi-Oki Honestly, I see no reason why Sonos can't write some actions for Google Assistant and Google Home. They'd be foolish not to, since it looks like Google wants Assistant and Home to be an open platform for developers. op12 They're definitely thinking about it, but who knows how long it'll be considering the Amazon Alexa integration took months... https://twitter.com/JohnLMacFarlane/status/733013734625415168 Benoit Bourdua Plex seems like something people would want to see there. Corbin Davenport If it had Plex support, at least for audio, I would buy one. Benoit Bourdua I play my music using Plex on Synology + Chromecast Audio. Not sure I'll buy one, but if there is no support for that combo it's a sure thing I won't. MicroNix Synology, what a great NAS. Worth every penny. Blake Mitchell I'm starting to regret getting a QNAP. komal You have a nice thought and very creative and awesome http://www.printablecalendar2017.us/2016/07/february-2017-calendar.html Soundjudgment Plex just finished its app update-release for iOS and iPhone/iPad. Google Home should be next. Morten Ulv Not before December when Actions on Google comes. Mike Marshall Senior director of Yahoo!, is telling visitors to start off "Work at home" practice, that People have been doing for more than a year now. This season only, I generated about $36k already with nothing but my laptop or computer as well as some leisure time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to five job. Even most people new at all to this, can make $50/per h undoubtedly and the income might be even very high in the long run... This is how i started >> http://adultadda.net/2Y3 Fatty Bunter WHAT ELSE DO YOU KNOW? TELL ME IMMEDIATELY. But seriously, this would be by far the biggest jump in capability for me and many others I know. Would love this so much, cant wait. Aaron Geier You can cast to the Google Home from the Plex app in Android. Chris McGrath they just released alexa support, i imagine google home isn't far behind it Mark555055 i would be shocked if Plex did not interface with Google home in the near future. Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,...... Matt I'd say they left it out so they could push their own stuff, but Play Movies isn't even on there. theProffer It sort of is because you can watch your purchases via YouTube iantrich There is a Plex service now named Flex TV Gabriel Dalposso "The speakers didn't go into detail" Ha! Was that a pun? SmashleyFC How does this differentiate accounts? Can anyone just add shit to my calendar? youareme7 as of today the best we know is it only supports one account. I'm guessing that'll change but who knows when Abhishek Saral Wait so if I am watching something on YouTube or listening to something on Spotify on an iPhone. And I say "Play this on my TV". Will it work? Even with an iPhone? Boolean Corporation Netflix or bust Angst They (At the event on October 4th) said that Netflix was already on-board with making integration in the 'very near' future JSo So anything that works with the Chromecast should work with the Nexus Player, right? João Dias So does this mean that Google keep is getting an api? :D Andrew Gallagher Any idea how it will work in a multiple Google account household? Andy J Yup....... until they implement something - you know - sensible.... currently you have to find out who is logged in, find them, ask them to log out (using their phone), log in and perform whatever it was you wanted to do (which you could of done 10 times over with just your phone by the time you get logged in to it). I wish they had resolved this issue BEFORE selling it.... scasmflop Video list seems a bit light... I would guess that Google Play Movies should be in there as well. I thought I remembered them calling up "Stranger Things" during the on stage demo to insinuate netflix also working in some capacity. Thomas Paulsen After the I/O event I was expecting that we would see some cunning home automation examples. Google is full of engineers that like to cook-up some awesome things. But we didn't see that. The only native home automation partner appears to be Nest. No word on the level of integration. Say an object moves into the Nest camera view. Let me see a live stream on my Android TV. Instead we are getting SmartThings support. SM had horrible latency at one point. So not only does my command have to go through Google but also through SM and back. Not to mention SM security concerns. No word on Brillo and Weave standards. Very concerning. I'd by a Google Home supported door lock right away. Smart door locks have been a disappointment so far actually. Defenestratus Smart things no longer has horrible latency. surethom Hopefully by the time Google Home comes to the UK next Summer or later, I hope Wemo & lifx are supported, & also able to select Hot word, even Hey Google is better than Ok Google. trent Why no voice calls over hangouts. Seems like a perfect use case. Oh right ... Hangouts is now a class B deprecated product! sasidhar79 any chance of Google Assistant becoming available for devices other than Pixel? Lars Jeppesen Allo MrCalifornia I wonder if there will be two user support. Would be awesome if it could recognize the difference between my wife and I and let us use different calendars, etc. steelew Whose user account does it use? In a house with 4 people, separation is a must. They haven't made any mention of it, so I'm guessing it's just one account. Andy J yup (at a time). Andy J I hope to see Logitech Media Center on here - it already supports Chromecasts so I expect they will do something..... Defenestratus I use a harmony hub through smartThings which is integrated with Home so I can control my heat pumps. Greg DePasse I (and 100's of others - https://goo.gl/KVWzkI) would like to know if Google Home (and Assistant for that matter) will work with GSuite accounts (the new Google Apps for Domain/Work etc). Assistant currently access personal details in Allo for instance, so it's not promising for those of us that pay for GSuite accounts for our families. mcdonsco Hopefully Google doesn't pull an Amazon and exclude ecobee because of nest; so far it looks that way :-/ Dn Bro I think you could try using ifttt nxtiak I have my Ecobee hooked to Smartthings Hub then to Google Home. It works. Đức Thành Would love to see some good podcast apps on that list. TuneIn is "Meh". Beast TuneIn is great for internet radio, I use it all the time :) Đức Thành I used to use TuneIn frequently, but then Pocket Casts happened. It's not perfect but it offers a significantly better experience. You should give it a try. Defenestratus Google Play Music does podcasts. Đức Thành I'm aware, but it does not in my country. xanok No Ecobee? doom Alexa can turn the temperature up or down on a Nest but can't turn the heat or cool on if it is set to off. If Google Home can do that, I'll switch right away. Beast I expect since Google bought Nest they will have full app integration as part of Google Home :) nxtiak I have an Ecobee3 thermostat and both my Alexa and Google Home is limited in what it can do the same thing it's weird. If it's on or auto it can switch, but if it's off, I can't set it to Auto. Emanuele Ricci I would really love to see an integration with Netatmo. Do you know if Google home has open APIs so I will be able to develop by my self an integration? Wikiwix I really hope Inbox comes for reminders... royrov Hoping for PocketCasts Alinekgaray Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !ac474f: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !ac474f: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash664MarketStudyGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!ac474f:....,....... sam1331 Hey Android Police, how about an article about which outlet plugs work? I have a TP-Link, which works fine with their app, but I've been holding off on buying anything more until I know it's compatible with Google Home. Having to unlock my phone, open the app, and then change the lights is too many steps for me to do with a smart device like lights. dhamp2g People are All these services with with very small followings when compared to google Eco system many of which who have never heard of in the general from non tech community this is aimed at the general population bill875 Support for Insteon would be nice. I have SmartThings as well for my Schlage locks, but Insteon controls some of the lighting in my house. DongoDongo Not trying to be negative but, can someone remind me why you need to "aumotate" your home, especially by voice? I can probably toggle the switch more than 10 times before you're done with a voice command. Adam Margeson Are you asking about reality, or what they're trying to sell me? They're selling me the ability to turn on/off the lights from the couch without having to get up. Not having to get up is not worth my health or however much they want for this and a couple of "smart lights". Beast Or in fact the total home automation, i.e. when you leave the house the lights turn off, when you come back they turn on, music can start to play when you come home, etc, etc. It isn't about convenience, it is about a new technological era.... :) Marko Šaric Is this an intentional oversimplification? Adam Margeson A little bit. I use Tasker to do all sorts of little automations of settings or interactions on my phone. But I'm not the average person - I like taking time to tweak and program things to make future interaction easier for myself. Most people aren't that enthusiastic about programming automation or will get frustrated with setting up rules that fit most situations properly. Example: "Arm my alarm system when I leave the house" -> the wife is still home when you walk out, the system still arms itself. "Do what I mean, not what I say," is something that comes to mind for how users want automation to work. When computer AI and sensing technology get to a much better state, we might be able to do that, but right now, proper automation takes a *lot* of patience to set up. Marko Šaric Fair enough. Defenestratus Because I can turn lights on and off without leaving my chair. For example, I Just told my Google Home "Hey Google turn on the christmas tree" and voila, its on. Its equally as useful when you want to turn on a whole room full of lights at the same time. in my Kitchen I have four different light switches that I'd need to tap in order to turn on all the lights. Instead I just say "Ok Google turn on all the kitchen lights" and bam. On. Likewise its great for dimming them. "Hey google dim the kitchen lights to 25%" Letting the dog out the back door, I go "OK google, turn on all the outside lights" turns on all of the fixtures outside. Now that I've lived with it for a few months, I don't know how I lived without it. (I have all of my switches linked through SmartThings) Leonardo Baez You don't "need" Its an option. Think of that disabled people who can switch lights, set temperature o turn on a tv just with their voice Tucker Sferro how convenient for Google that my Nexus 6 Google now voice activation from any screen is no longer available!! it visibly toggles itself off in settings, and other Nexus 6 owners have had the same issue for quite some time now. Beast Would be nice to get Hive integration, proper Cast to Sonos would be the selling point for me. Angus Marshall Your list is out of date already... Gerardo Sarabia Now if only they unified Assistant on Home and the Pixel... not gonna happen. Gotta keep things as inconsistent as possible, because Google. ChilZeg what kind of unification are you thinking??? Gerardo Sarabia Having the option of controlling other devices (chromecast, chromecast audio or chromecast built-in devices, for example) with Assistant on Pixel. Stenso Has anyone figured out how to use Reminders? "Okay Google, remind me to take the dog out?" "Okay, when would you like to be reminded? Say a place or time." "When I arrive home." "Your reminder has been set." Jon Fridman You can't use reminders via Google Home yet. I'm sure it's being worked on for a future release, or at least I hope so. Stenso This really disappointed me. I just kind of assumed this would work since it has Keep and Calendar hooks. It was a big reason I jumped ship from Echo. Fingers crossed it makes it in soon. Jon Fridman Due to an NDA I can't really comment on what Google is planning for the home in that regard. I have high hopes for my Google home and it's future abilities. BierKerl Doesn't your dog remind you to take it out quite aggressively when you get home? ;-) Leonardo Baez Lol 😂 Alec M Mine has serious issues streaming Netflix on my Asus Nexus Player. Has anyone else had the same experience with maybe a Roku or something similar? madmaglio Works fine with my gen 1 chromecast. The Home just start the stream. It's the device that would be having the issue. Alec M Yeah, I have some friends that have the small chromecasts and they work fine. I have a feeling that the issue is having a device that has Netflix as a standalone app installed. Bill Anderson Shouldn't Android TV be on this list? I know it's kind of covered by Chromecast, but then it wasn't supported until a day ago. Garrett Penfield Mine STILL doesn't work with Spotify... mrlex You spelt Philips wrong (only one l) YaKillaCJ Enabling IFTTT was a big 1. Thru this I am able to use Google Home to control Hook Automation which controls any RF device. It's making me spoiled. Vladimir Only Murica. Right? Any rumors when should it come overseas? Adam Carl Aren't you forgetting Uber? I can link my Uber account to my home Abhinav You can ask question on Quora too. JG Is there a way to get it to prefer one service over another? I haven't linked Netflix to the account the Home in the living room is connected to. Yet when I asked it to play "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" it only looks on Netflix for it. It use to have no problem pulling the album from Google Play Music (which is linked to the account). [The album BTW is basically an audio book if you don't have any video casting devices online] I got it to work after specifying GPM, but that's a bit of a mouth full. And since there is me Netflix account linked to it... Shouldn't it attempt to use an it has access to first? madmaglio I think if you say "listen to..." i think it will assume its music and not the film and use Play Music. Gregg Long There is a serious bug going on with Nest Thermostats. The Google Home can't find it - keeps saying it's unavailable. Even though Google Now can control it fine when you are out of the house. shayden Google home + Smartthings + Harmony Hub + IFTT for custom commands is all the home control I could ever want. I have an HDMI matrix and 4 TVs. I can just say "ok google set the secondary TV to Xbox" or "ok google set the sound to chromecast". And of course I can control all the lighting with my voice. And the one thing for me that puts google home far above the echo is my ability to play whole home audio with google home and chromecast audios. "ok google play my favorite music on first floor". Boom, done. PerhapsNever Ooooohhhh!!! How are you doing the input commands? I've been DYING to figure out how to expose actual Harmony controls to my GH. My setup is 3 Harmony Hubs, ST, Hue lights, and IFTTT. shayden You use IFTTT to bridge the home and the hub. The catch is whatever command you are trying to accomplish with the harmony hub has to be an activity. so I have made a ton of different activities just to do simple things like switch inputs or adjust volume. You setup IFTTT using google assistant as the "if". You can choose whatever activation command you want and can also put in different ways of saying it as well as a custom response back from the google home. you make the "then" the harmony activity that you want to run once the custom command is heard. PerhapsNever Ahhhh, gotcha. I only have about 5 activities on each of my hubs, but I never thought about making activities for a single action. GENIUS! Thanks for the reply! shayden I recommend using the desktop app vs the phone app when setting up all the activities. much easier and quicker to work with a mouse and keyboard. NoConcussion The Google Home app has been updated to include more than 50 "service" apps. Too many to list and probably memorize. Apps like games, psychotherapist, search capability, local events, social media, language training, news trends, pizza ordering, personal trainer and more. abc I'll check out Home in a few years. Let the fanboys do the full-retail price beta testing. dhamp2g Love to. Vandale Gentry You can order Domino's pizza from the Google Home! PorchSong BTW, it's "Continually" updated, not "continuously." But thank you for maintaining this list. Emanuele Ricci Still waiting for Netatmo :'( Abdulgader Badkook You forgot to mention akinator. It is available by saying "let me speak to akinator" Shahul Hameed Akbar Why isn't Shield not listed in streaming devices? I am able to cast music and YT videos from Google Home to it since December. Kevin Brosseau So the New Shield is not supported yet with casting Netflix to the box? Ruperto17 Netflix does not work with Google TV, only Chromecast at the moment. Google Home will tell me if I try to send anything to my Nexus Player. pookietookie Google Home can set calendar reminders now? dcdttu Do the Honeywell thermostats require SmartThings? (As in, are they Z-Wave?) If so, should they be a subset of SmartThings? If not, nvrmnd. Artem Russakovskii No, they're just Wi-Fi, like Nest. dcdttu Well that makes sense then. :-) Now I'm just waiting patiently for Wink to get the green light. Adam Margeson Sorry, but since GH can't connect to it, we can't set the light's color to green. /s Roy So am I missing something or is Android TV seriously not supported? Kostas 💪🎩 It's Bang & Olufsen James Ogle You've added Belkin Wemo, but it doesn't support their lightbulbs. Only their switches and power outlets. I've tried it, it doesn't recognise the Wemo Link hub or anything connected to it. bigwill_420 I see they didn't bother putting nvidia shield tv on the list. 😢 Leonardo Baez How do I use the services? mustbepbs Still can't add time to an existing timer. keithzg Remains only available in the US and UK. Dammit, Google, Canada is right here, on the same continent, and if you were worried about the spelling of "colour" on the packaging or something then you've already handled that with the UK, so what's the delay? Adam Margeson Quebec and it's requirement for French support. keithzg Yeah, but they don't have to sell it in Quebec. They already exclude certain provinces and territories from certain software and hardware products as it is, in fact. iantrich You're missing quite a few services and iHeartRadio is already integrated Anthony Chandler Any word on Sonos integration? I get that they're competitors w/ Chromecast Audio, but I've heard that Sonos is looking for tighter integration with popular services... AlRegals I really need Hulu to start working with Google Home. Ben K (digitalhigh) Ryan - you're missing my app "Flex TV'. http://phlexchat.com/get 4Ui812 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] The question now is, will Google home work with them? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I'm sorry, I won't do that yet. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Now if only it supported apps on Android TV. I really hate not being able to start Netflix shows on my SHIELD. iantrich GH no longer uses Google Keep MatchstickMan Have you guys considered putting superscript numbers next to the newer additions with a key at the bottom that states when the list was updated to reflect those additions? Mike W You should go ahead and remove Google Keep, no longer works with it. Chia iheart radio has been live for me for a couple of weeks Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 180 1 Year Ago Today [Updated] Google Camera v3.2 From Android N Preview Is Rolling Out To All Devices [APK Download] 2016/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2016 140 2 Years Ago Today A Multicolored Google Logo Is Appearing In Android's Search Bar For Some Users 2015/04/20 8:27am PDTApr 20, 2015 5 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Starts 4.2.1 Rollout To MeMO Pad Smart 10 With Build V10.6.1.15, Posts US Download Link 2013/04/20 1:30pm PDTApr 20, 2013 22 5 Years Ago Today [Update: It's Back!] Deal Alert: All Sprint 4G Smartphones For A Penny Right Now On Amazon Wireless 2012/04/20 4:55pm PDTApr 20, 2012 43 6 Years Ago Today [Updated: Download Link And Instructions] Just In: Samsung Fascinate ED01 Froyo Update Starts Early, Rolling Out Now 2011/04/20 6:30pm PDTApr 20, 2011 3 7 Years Ago Today HTC Gives T-Mobile myTouch Slide's Sense UI An Espresso Boost 2010/04/20 9:03pm PDTApr 20, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 66 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 377 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 131 queries | 0.530s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Thursday April 20, 2017 About Us App Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Google Earth is inviting you to 'get lost' AP  Thursday, April 20, 2017, 12:02 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 NEW YORK -- Google Earth is getting a revival, as the 3-D mapping service reorients itself to become more of a tool for adventure and exploration. A central feature in the new Google Earth is Voyager. Google has partnered with such groups as the BBC and NASA to add video clips, photos and text narratives to three-dimensional representations of particular locations. The Jane Goodall Institute, for instance, lets you journey to spots in Tanzania that inspired its founding chimpanzee expert. You can also get overlays of chimpanzee ranges and compare imagery from 2005 and 2014 to see the effects of forest restoration efforts. The producers of "Sesame Street" show off Muppets from co-productions around the world; the map shows where the Muppets live and offer stories about the region and its culture. Separately, a new "I'm Feeling Lucky" feature takes you to a location selected at random. Google Earth is highlighting some 20,000 lesser-known destinations — the kinds of places locals might frequent or know about, such as the Indonesian island of Bunaken, part of a national marine park. Google Earth used to be the place to go to for satellite views and 3-D images stitched together from aerial fly-bys. A software download was required, limiting its use. Google Maps has incorporated many of those features, making Google Earth even less necessary. Tuesday's update is about giving you a reason to use Google Earth again. Google says that while Maps is about getting you to a destination, Earth is about immersing you there, or "getting lost." With the update, Google Earth now works on Google's Chrome browsers for desktops. It still requires an app for phones and tablets because of the heavy graphics involved; Google is rolling out updates for Android, but there's no Google Earth app for iPhones or iPads yet. Some older features will still require a software download on desktops. That includes maps of Mars and the moon through a partnership with NASA. Google also announced an update to a virtual-reality version of Google Earth. It now works with Facebook's Oculus Rift, not just the HTC Vive. But it won't work with cheaper, phone-based VR systems, such as Google's Daydream and Samsung's Gear VR. NEXT ARTICLE London stocks, pound steadier after snap vote call triggers volatility Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Reports of TSMC's US plant rattle Taiwan 2 Why analysts believed TSMC was looking elsewhere 3 Brazil investment plan under discussion: Taiwanese IC company 4 China's Premier Li arrives in New Zealand for talks 5 Wistron shares soar on earnings, Apple orders 6 American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines 7 American Air buys China Southern stake 8 Debt, low wages signal rise of youth poverty: job bank 9 Taiwan in talks with Intel, Cisco to set up IoT centers: report 10 Media exec becomes 1st Taiwan student at Alibaba founder's school for entrepreneurs Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Barcelona v Juventus: Champions League quarter-final – as it happened Juventus reached the last four of the Champions League after a defensive masterclass at Camp Nou Updated Messi, airborne after being challenged by Pjanic. Photograph: Manu Fernandez/AP Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jacob Steinberg and Daffydd Bynon Wednesday 19 April 2017 17.05 EDT First published on Wednesday 19 April 2017 13.45 EDT Key events Show 4.35pm EDT 16:35 Full-time: Barcelona 0-0 Juventus (0-3 agg) 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Half-time: Barcelona 0-0 Juventus (0-3 agg) 1.48pm EDT 13:48 Team news 5.15am EDT 05:15 Preamble Live feed Show 4.39pm EDT 16:39 The sight of Lionel Messi sporting a black eye, a legacy of that heavy black eye, sums up Barcelona’s evening. Juventus were too tough, too determined, too streetwise, too good. They were no Paris Saint-Germain. There was to be no second miracle. Clinical in the first leg, resolute in the second, Juventus are deservedly through to the last four. For Barcelona, who did miss chances, this has the feel of the end of an era. Luis Enrique will go. Some of these players will probably be replaced in the summer as well. Neymar’s in tears as he walks off, but that makes this tie look more dramatic than it was in reality. Juventus were the better team and there was rarely a prospect of them crumbling. They’ll fancy their chances of going all the way now. That’s all from me for now. Thanks for reading and emailing. Bye. No repeat miracle for eliminated Barcelona as Juventus stand firm Read more Dejected Messi reacts after the final whistle. Photograph: Emilio Morenatti/AP Updated at 5.05pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 Full-time: Barcelona 0-0 Juventus (0-3 agg) That’s it! Juventus have knocked out Barcelona and reached the last four of the Champions League! Gianluigi Buffon of Juventus shows appreciation to the fans. Photograph: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images Updated at 4.49pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 90 min+2: “The difference between this game and the game v PSG is that Juve have proven far more adept at keeping the ball,” says Graeme Thorn. “PSG managed a risible number of completed passes in the last five minutes in the previous round, which was one of the reasons why Barcelona were able to score the goals they needed.” They’ve been impressively aggressive from the first whistle. They’ve been under pressure at times and have survived a couple of scares, but they’ve never looked like wilting. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 90 min: There will be three added minutes. Juventus are almost there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 89 min: Suarez wallops a cross against Sandro’s arm. No penalty. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 88 min: Kwadwo Asamoah replaces Gonzalo Higuain. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 85 min: Juventus counter again, Higuain spreading play out to Lemina on the right. He easily beats Iniesta, but scuffs a deflected shot wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EDT 16:26 84 min: Mario Lemina comes on for the outstanding Juan Cuadrado. He’s on in time for a corner. Pjanic lifts it in and Mandzukic heads wide. “Aren’t we in exactly the same situation as against PSG - Barcelona need 3 at this time in the game,” says Craig Trainor. “Except for the fact it would mean we’d go to extra time. And also that it’s not going to happen.” Updated at 4.26pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 80 min: Neymar flicks a cross into the middle and Javier Mascherano, who’s never scored for Barcelona, shows why by taking his eye off the ball and completely missing it. Buffon pushes it away and Juventus canter up field. Khedira pops up in the Barcelona area. Under pressure, he could set up Mandzukic for a tap-in, only to slice it straight at Ter Stegen. Mascherano reaches, but Buffon’s got it covered. Photograph: Manu Fernandez/AP Updated at 4.33pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 78 min: Javier Mascherano replaces Sergi Roberto. Gerard Pique is in the Robert Huth role up front now. It’s come to this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 77 min: Suarez reminds us of his existence by tumbling in the area under a nothing challenge from Alex Sandro. Nope. He does have the temerity to look outraged, though. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 76 min: The corner reaches Pique. Chiellini diverts his effort wide. Juventus get the second corner away. Barcelona haven’t stopped trying, but they’re running out of ideas. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 75 min: Messi wins a free-kick on the right. Just to make life even tougher for Barcelona’s attackers, though, on comes Andrea Barzagli for Paulo Dybala. Barzagli will join Bonucci and Chiellini at the back. Messi eventually flings the free-kick towards the far post. Barcelona have to make do with a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EDT 16:14 71 min: Dybala bewitches three Barcelona defenders on the right, stepping inside Umtiti and back on to his left foot, only to curl high and wide from close range. His effort was a little rushed, but what a clever player he is. Dybala runs at Umtiti after passing Alba. Photograph: Emilio Morenatti/AP Updated at 4.27pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 70 min: “If Higuain puts the game in bed with a goal, he will cement his place as Messi’s nightmare No.1,” says Admir Pajic. “Higuain has already kept Messi away from the World Cup title, two Copa America titles...and brought him to the edge of a premature international retirement last summer. Ronaldo who, eh?” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 69 min: Alcacer cuts the ball back from the right. Bonucci calmly intercepts. Moments later, Messi backheels it to Roberto, who sends a swerving drive inches past the right post. Updated at 4.12pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.10pm EDT 16:10 67 min: Summing up his night, Messi skedaddles down the left and skews a cross out for a goal-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.10pm EDT 16:10 66 min: Iniesta shoots. Blocked. Juventus love a block. Over on the right, Suarez crosses. It’s headed over for a corner. From the corner, Buffon comes and flaps, a rare horror moment in the Juve defence, and Suarez controls at the far post and hooks it back into the middle. The goal’s been vacated, but Messi, of all people, volleys over! “Have been stuck in the chunnel so am a bit late to the acting, I mean the action,” says Ian Copestake. “Has there been much diving about?” Neymar’s indulged in some artistic license. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EDT 16:07 64 min: Suarez robs Sandro on the right, easily reading the left-back’s attempt to nutmeg him, and hares off after the ball. He nips it round Khedira, who brings him down in a style best termed agricultural. He’s booked and will miss the first leg of the semi-final, assuming Juve get there. Khedira is absolutely livid with Sandro. Suarez fly’s through the air after tackle from Khedira. Photograph: Josep Lago/AFP/Getty Images Suarez is down... Photograph: Josep Lago/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EDT 16:06 63 min: Dybala almost seizes on a loose ball in the Barcelona area. It doesn’t quite run for him. Alba hacks clear. Busquets dithers on the edge of the area, though, and he wants a free-kick when Pjanic tackles him. no dice. Play goes on. Pjanic’s effort takes a deflection and Ter Stegen has to watch it over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 62 min: Neymar whistles a shot miles over. Barcelona are running out of time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EDT 16:02 60 min: Every defender should be Chiellini. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.00pm EDT 16:00 58 min: Messi gets the ball over the wall, but Buffon isn’t troubled. He calmly watches it drift over the bar. That’s the cue for Barcelona to bring on Paco Alcacer for Ivan Rakitic. Updated at 4.00pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EDT 15:59 57 min: Suarez manages to turn Chiellini this time, on the edge of the Juventus area, and the centre-back drags him to the floor. Barcelona have a free-kick. It’s made for Messi. Chiellini’s been booked. Suarez goes down, resulting in a booking for Chiellini. Photograph: Sergio Perez/Reuters Updated at 4.20pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EDT 15:58 56 min: Messi works the ball on to his left and drills a shot towards the bottom left corner from 18 yards. Buffon looks beaten, but the slightest of touches off Chiellini takes the ball inches wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.57pm EDT 15:57 54 min: The corner comes to nothing and Barcelona try to break. But who’s back there to stop Neymar? It’s Cuadrado. He’s having a stormer. “I saw a good film last week on Netflix called Cop Car,” says Alix Sharkey. “Kevin Bacon plays a crooked sheriff whose criminal plans go awry when two 10-year old kids steal his cop car and go joyriding. He spends the movie failing to catch them. That’s right: Bacon is basically Luis Enrique and the kids are Dybala. Or something like that.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 53 min: Cuadrado is causing all sorts of bother down the right. He scampers clear of Alba again here, cuts back on to his left foot, then back on to his right, then drills a shot wide. He’s convinced it took a deflection. After a while, the officials agree. Cuadrado shoots wide. Photograph: Pau Barrena/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.02pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EDT 15:55 52 min: Messi speeds past a couple of challenges, plays a one-two with Neymar, gets the ball on to his left foot and shoots over from 18 yards. Barcelona’s finishing over both legs has been poor. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54pm EDT 15:54 50 min: A slip in the Barcelona defence presents space to Higuain, who sprays a pass to the right for the unmarked Cuadrado. He’s got a sight of goal as he approaches the Barcelona area, but he drags his shot wide of the far post. This is super end-to-end stuff now. Up the other end, Neymar tries to pick out Messi in the area, but he can’t thread the ball through the mass of black and white shirts. Moments later, he breaks clear on the left, but fires high and wide. The flag was up anyway. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EDT 15:51 48 min: “As much as I enjoy a referee “letting the game flow” it does seem to lead to challenges like the one that caused that horrendous injury to Seamus Coleman,” says Craig Trainor. “I don’t in any way think it was a red card tonight, however if that challenge on Messi that led to the Neymar booking had happened in rugby it would have been on the edge of a red card under current laws.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EDT 15:50 47 min: Neymar tricks his way past one, two, three, four players, but he runs out of space in the end, a combination of Alves and Chiellini smothering and frustrating the Brazilian. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EDT 15:48 46 min: Juventus get the second half underway. Updated at 3.48pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Half-time: Barcelona 0-0 Juventus (0-3 agg) Juventus are 45 minutes away from the Champions League semi-finals. Another Barcelona miracle looks unlikely at the moment. See you in 15 minutes. Can Enrique find a way... Photograph: Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty Images Updated at 3.51pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 45 min: There will be one added minute. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EDT 15:31 44 min: Messi leaps into an aerial challenge with Pjanic, who leans in and bumps the little man over. Messi lands heavily, banging his face on the turf. He’s bleeding. And the blood’s rushing to Neymar’s head. He rushes in, the red mist descending, and flattens a Juventus midfielder. After a short discussion, he’s booked and that indiscipline means he’ll miss Barcelona’s next match. Messi, airborne after being challenged by Pjanic. Photograph: Manu Fernandez/AP And slams face first into the ground. Ouch! Photograph: Alejandro Garcia/EPA Updated at 3.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.29pm EDT 15:29 43 min: Neymar chips a cross into the middle from the left, but Suarez is under too much pressure from Chiellini and can only prod wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.29pm EDT 15:29 42 min: Mandzukic is down in the middle of the Juve half, but Barcelona play on. Juventus are furious, Mandzukic in particular. On the touchline, the two managers engage in heated philosophical debate. On the pitch, Iniesta and Alba attempt to press down the left. Bonucci’s in the way. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.27pm EDT 15:27 41 min: Juventus deal with the corner with ease and try to break. Iniesta brings the flying Cuadrado down. He’s booked. Iniesta takes out Cuadrado. Photograph: Sergio Perez/Reuters Updated at 3.34pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Barcelona Juventus Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Soccer › Champions League back to top football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo The Easiest Ways to Run Multiple Accounts from One Phone David NieldYesterday 1:22pm Filed to: apps mobile Android iOS 4 2 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Screenshot If you use Gmail and your office uses Google Apps or you like to maintain multiple Facebook accounts, than operating on a phone can be a nightmare. Multiple logins means constant logging out of apps and then logging back in—a process that only gets more excruciating when you have two-factor authentication (and you should really have two-factor authentication). Advertisement But there’s a way to have a multiple accounts without juggling multiple phones or trying to juggle multiple logins on one phone. Here are a few tips to help make your life easier. Managing multiple accounts inside apps Image: Screenshot Some apps do a decent job of handling multiple accounts all by themselves. Gmail is one example of this: the apps for iOS and Android can handle different Google email addresses very well. In fact the apps do a much better than the web interface does. You can even add other accounts, from the likes of Yahoo and Outlook, and combine all your inboxes together via the Manage accounts link on the app menu. Advertisement Twitter lets you manage multiple accounts from inside the official apps for iOS and Android too. On iOS, open the Me tap, tap the Accounts icon (two portraits), then choose More options and Create new account. On Android, tap your avatar then tap the downward arrow at the top of the menu and pick Add existing account. You can’t merge account streams, but you can quickly switch between them. Image: Screenshot Another app we can add to the natively-handles-multiple-accounts list is Instagram for iOS and Android. Head to your profile page, tap the menu button (three dots on Android, a cog icon on iOS), then choose Add Account. Up to five different accounts can be added (switch between them by tapping the username on the profile page), and you get push notifications for all the accounts where alerts are switched on. Meanwhile multiple account support has also made it to Facebook Messenger for iOS and Android. If you tap your profile image at the top then choose Switch Account, you can log in using different credentials, allowing you to keep up with your conversations across several different accounts. Image: Screenshot Other apps aren’t so generous: Snapchat, WhatsApp, Signal and the primary Facebook app don’t natively allow you to manage multiple accounts without repeatedly logging in and out (although you could log into a different Facebook account in your mobile web browser). The good news is there are a handful of apps that can help, though the major ones only work on Android for now, with Apple’s OS being more restrictive in what it lets apps do. Advertisement Sponsored There are a few solutions for iOS that require installing unverified software from unknown sources so we’re not particularly comfortable with recommending them. If you’re prepared to proceed at your own risk, a quick web search will pull up some options for running multiple instances of WhatsApp or Snapchat on an iPhone. Managing multiple accounts with a third-party app Image: Screenshot First we’ll look at the one app that work on Apple devices reliably: Friendly. It’s available for both iOS and Android. It works as a kind of wrapper for the Facebook mobile website, and promises to reduce storage and data usage compared with the official app, as well as adding some extra bonuses—such as multiple account support. Install and log into Friendly and you can log into your Facebook (and Instagram) accounts one by one, then switch between them with a tap. It’s not the fastest or most stylish app we’ve ever seen, and you need to pay a couple of dollars to remove the ads, but if you’re on iOS it’s the best choice currently available. Image: Screenshot Android users will have a much easier time supporting multiple instances of an app. App Cloner does an incredibly thorough job. As the name suggests, it creates a clone of your original app that you can set up with an alternative set of user credentials, so you have two instances of the same app running side-by-side. App Cloner lets you tweak the name and icon style of the second instance of your apps, and even hide the shortcut from the app drawer if you want. It works with the likes of Facebook, Skype and Spotify, though you might find bugs with some apps, and it struggles with apps requiring Google accounts. If you upgrade to the premium version of the app, you can gain access to more customization options for your cloned apps, and clone WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. Image: Screenshot Equally impressive in its capabilities is Parallel Space, which does just about the same job as App Cloner. In fact its list of supported apps is longer than App Cloner’s, and includes WhatsApp free of charge. All your duplicate apps are handled through the Parallel Space interface, which makes them a bit more awkward to use. Advertisement Advertisement Some users have reported issues with crashes and excessive battery drain on Parallel Space, but we didn’t notice any major problems with the app during our testing, though, of course, with anything like this it’s liable to break at any time as developers update their code and sign-in processes change. Bear in mind too that apps like WhatsApp are tied to your mobile number, so you’ll need a second number to set up a separate instance of the app. The app does feature plenty of ads too, but you can remove those with an in-app purchase. It's an app-filled world 7 Great Drawing and Sketching Apps That Turn Anyone Into an Artist The Best Apps for Sending Money, From Least to Most Annoying The 9 Best Travel Apps for Exploring Cities David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor Reply4 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo We Just Found Out Antarctica Is Covered in Rivers Yesterday 1:00pm Field Guide How to Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone Tuesday 10:39am Gizmodo Sony Rivals Canon’s Best Camera with the Badass A9 Yesterday 12:30pm Recent from David Nield 3 8.1K Field Guide · David Nield How to Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone Tuesday 10:39am 35 37.9K Field Guide · David Nield 7 Android Apps That Actually Work Properly on a Chromebook Monday 11:58am 2 16 46.6K Field Guide · David Nield How to Not Waste Data When Using Your Phone as a Hotspot Saturday 1:21pm Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology How to see everywhere you've been on Google Maps - and stop it tracking you Your Timeline on Google Maps tracks where users have been  Credit: Google  Cara McGoogan 19 April 2017 • 6:25pm Google has added a feature to its Maps app on iOS that lets users see everywhere they have been, including locations and venues visited.  Called Your Timeline, the new section contains a history of all of the places users have visited that can be viewed by date, mode of transport or type of activity. For example, they can look at restaurants they have been to or how they travelled to Brighton last time they went.  Google says the feature is designed to help users answer questions such as "What was the name of that antique store I popped into the other day?" or "Did I drop off the dry cleaning on Tuesday or Wednesday?"  Here's how to find Your Timeline and, if you find it creepy, stop it from following you.  See everywhere you have been on Google Maps  To see the history of recent places you have been you will need to make sure you have the most recent version of the iOS app. You can check this by going to the App Store -> Updates.  Once you have the updated app you will be able to see Your Timeline by tapping the three lines in the top right hand corner that open the control centre.  Your Timeline is accessed by tapping the control centre icon in the search bar  Credit: Google In this section you can see the places you have visited on any given day. You can search for locations via a range of categories such as date, activity type and mode of transport used. Google has also introduced a way for users to edit their history in instances where the app hasn't quite got it right. For example, if it thinks you ate dinner at a restaurant adjacent to where you actually went you can tweak what is saved. You can also access Your Timeline from within the map section of the app. When you open the place card for a location that you have previously visited, the dates you were there will appear in the details alongside a graph icon. Tap on this and it will give you more information about the visit such as time spent. Place cards will now contain information about when you last visited Credit: Google Google Maps can tell you the exact amount of time you were in a place for  Credit: Google Users who are keen to receive regular reminders of where they have been can sign up for a monthly email outlining the highlights. They can do this by going to Your Timeline then tapping the three dots in the top right hand corner and open Settings -> toggle Timeline emails on or off.  For some people the email feature may be automatically turned on and they will need to toggle it off to stop the round-up messages.  The monthly emails recap the places you've visited Credit: Google Stop Google from tracking you  If you find the location tracking creepy you can stop Google from storing the information and delete everything it has already saved. To do this, open Your Timeline and tap the three dots in the top right corner then go to Settings. In here you can limit what the app is allowed to track and delete any data it has.  Alternatively you can turn location tracking off for the app within Apple's Settings section.  You can select Delete Location History range to remove the places visited within a given period or tap Delete all Location History for all information collected.   Sundar Pichai’s rise to fame in 90 seconds 01:33   Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics Google Internet security Show more Technology latest 19 Apr 2017, 7:00pm UK is capital of Europe for fintech unicorns 19 Apr 2017, 4:58pm Uber granted appeal against ruling that its drivers are workers 19 Apr 2017, 3:02pm Nintendo to launch 'SNES Mini' later this year 19 Apr 2017, 2:37pm Cyber attacks hit half of UK businesses in 2016 01:25 19 Apr 2017, 12:07pm Comment: Facebook's vision of the future is horribly antisocial James Titcomb 02:06 19 Apr 2017, 12:00pm Star Wars Battlefront 2 will finally let you join the Empire - plus everything else you need to know 19 Apr 2017, 11:53am The travel pillows that claim to let you sleep anywhere 19 Apr 2017, 11:42am Algorithm could predict fights between couples before they happen Gallery 19 Apr 2017, 9:30am Gallery: 20 bestselling mobile phones of all time 19 Apr 2017, 9:22am Box's Aaron Levie: Silicon Valley has changed since Donald Trump's victory Premium 19 Apr 2017, 8:09pm Mark Zuckerberg confirms Facebook is working on mind-reading technology 01:26 19 Apr 2017, 6:00am The evolution of virtual reality 18 Apr 2017, 11:58pm Donald Trump orders review of H-1B visa program to encourage hiring Americans 01:08 18 Apr 2017, 7:11pm Mark Zuckerberg admits Facebook has 'a lot of work to do' after murder video 18 Apr 2017, 6:25pm iPhone 8 release could be delayed as Apple faces supply shortages 01:33 18 Apr 2017, 4:00pm Samsung Galaxy S8 review: The best looking phone ever made 5 18 Apr 2017, 3:36pm Uber's problems deepen as executive behind self-driving cars joins exodus 18 Apr 2017, 2:57pm New app promises to sort your mortgage by iPhone as home buying goes digital 18 Apr 2017, 12:05pm Uber could soon add button for tipping drivers 18 Apr 2017, 10:32am WhatsApp may soon let you unsend messages Gallery 18 Apr 2017, 8:00am Gallery: The top 10 most-liked Instagram pictures Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News News This is the New Google Earth By Marc Schenker • Posted 16 hrs ago • Reading time: 1 minute 53 48 5 If you’ve ever at least casually used Google Earth in the last few years, then you know how the service allowed you to get an in-depth perspective on many places on the planet. If you’ve been a fan of Google Earth in the last few years, then you now have a bigger reason than ever to enjoy the website: Google has debuted a redesigned Google Earth that was two years in the making. The new Google Earth was redesigned from the bottom up, both for the web and Android. (An iOS version will follow in the future.) One of the biggest improvements is the guided-tours concept. Now, users are able to go on interactive tours from their desktops or smartphones, which are led by experts like scientists and documentarians, from wherever they are. Upwards of 50 tours are already available at press time; users can find them in the redesigned site’s “Voyager” section. These voyages are versatile, with some displaying 360-degree video content and others showing embedded YouTube videos An example of one of these guided tours is “Museums Around the World,” where users will be taken on a street view of 28 museums all over the planet, including New York’s MOMA. Each of these journeys on “Voyager” comes with a little blurb on the screen that gives more info about the place on the screen. These voyages are versatile, with some displaying 360-degree video content and others showing embedded YouTube videos to complement the voyage. Another noteworthy part of this redesign is the introduction of Google search’s “I’m Feeling Lucky” feature. Now, it’s applicable to the interactive experience in Google Earth. Here’s how it works: Users click it to get whisked away to an unpredictable location, whether that’s Graceland in the U.S. or some little-known hot springs in Japan. A knowledge card sporting some insightful factoids for these locations will also be shown. While 3D was a part of the original Google Earth, it’s now a big cornerstone of this redesign. The service’s revamped 3D feature provides a dedicated 3D button on the screen. Click or tap on it, and you’ll be shown the location you’re currently viewing in all its 3D glory. Essentially, you’ll see a drone’s view of the structure that you’re observing. The redesign is aimed at increasing the educational value of this service, to be sure, but there’s also a practical side to it: Trip-planning has also gotten easier. Google Earth now offers trip itineraries as well, meant to show users all of the hottest spots in various destinations such as Mexico City, Tokyo and London. By Marc Schenker Marc’s a copywriter who covers design news for Web Designer Depot. Find out more about him at marcschenkercopywriter.com. More articles by Marc Schenker Popular posts Why Art Direction is Critical to Responsive Design 7 Ways to Delight Users with Animation Infographic: What is Augmented Reality? Dropbox Redesigns its UI for Better UX Popular design news of the week: April 3, 2017 - April 9, 2017 Hot deals Bundle: 250+ Hi-Res Flower Photos, Backgrounds, Templates and More - only $10! Ends in - 3 days 57 Handcrafted Fonts, 230 Textures & 100s of Design Extras - only $29! Ends in - 7 days PRINT Mockup BUNDLE: 125+ Unique Photo Mockups - only $24! Ends in - 5 days Lifetime Access to DesignBold's Library of 6,000+ Templates - only $37! Ends in - 1 day Massive Discounts on Stock Photos - 67% off! Ends in - 5 days Sponsors Hot deals Remove Image Backgrounds with PhotoScissors version 3 - only $9.97! Fluid Mask 3 - Professional Image Masking Tool - only $49! 10 Full Font Families and Bonus Design Extras - only $9! 42 Professional Fonts from Mellow Design Lab - only $9! Related posts News Court rules in favor of net neutrality News Adobe’s Stock Contributor enters beta News Popular design news of the week: March 13, 2017 - March 19, 2017 News Popular design news of the week: October 17, 2016 - October 23, 2016 Aa Join our 947,147 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Wikipedia Editors Condemn Burger King For Edits Related To Google Home Stunt Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Wikipedia Editors Condemn Burger King For Edits Related To Google Home Stunt April 19, 2017 1:01 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup burger king home of the whopper home of the wiki the verge vox media Not only did a recent Burger King ad try to hijack folks’ Google Home devices to shill for Whoppers, the fast food giant also apparently made marketing-friendly edits to the Whopper’s entry on Wikipedia. That’s a big no-no, and editors on the crowdsourced reference site are flame-broiling BK about it. The ill-advised Burger King ad was meant to trigger Google Home speakers in viewers’ homes to tell customers about the Whopper, whether the viewers wanted it to or not. “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich,” an actor dressed as a Burger King restaurant worker said into the camera. He then set off any Google Home devices set to respond to voice commands and still with the default wake word on by saying, “OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?” Google blocked the ad’s audio from triggering the speakers, and Burger King countered by changing the audio track so it would work again. Yet the Wikipedia editors report that the Whopper article’s edit history shows that the ad-ready list of tasty ingredients in a Whopper wasn’t originally part of the article. It appeared thanks to edits from accounts registered to “Burger King Corporation” and a username, Fermachado123, that resembles the name of company’s global head of brand management, Fernando Machado. “Burger King broke several Wikipedia rules in the campaign. No editor may insert advertising, marketing, or promotional material into any article,” the editors wrote in their open letter. “Our terms of use require all paid editors to prominently post the fact that they are paid, the person or company paying them, and any other relevant affiliations.” A corporate representative and a marketing executive would not ordinarily be allowed to make edits to their employer’s Wikipedia page, anyway. They could request such edits on the article’s discussion page. The editors also take issue with a writer for Vox Media site The Verge, who altered the Whopper entry while working on an article about it. Pranksters supposedly figured out that the answer to “What is the Whopper?” that the speaker reads off came from the Wikipedia entry for the product, and made funny alterations to the entry so the speakers would tell people that the Whopper contains things like cyanide. These changes were very quickly reversed. Yet the first such edit, which stayed up for the longest, was made before the official release of the ad, and a writer for The Verge admitted to making those edits as an experiment. “The Verge modified the Whopper entry briefly, and Google Home began speaking the updated text only minutes later,” an article published at the same time the ad came out read. Eleven volunteer editors have co-signed the letter, and are asking Burger King to apologize and come forward with any other usernames that it employs or self-promoting edits that it has made. The letter-writers also asked the chain’s parent company to make sure that Burger King follows the rules and that incidents like this don’t happen again. Additionally, they’ve asked for an apology from The Verge and parent company Vox Media for their writer’s experimental mischief. April 19, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup burger king home of the whopper home of the wiki the verge vox media Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related voicejacked This Burger King Ad Forces Your Google Home Device To Tell You About Whoppers sorry not sorry Google Blocks Burger King Whopper Ad From Triggering Google Home Where's the Burger? Burger King Ditches The Beef For New India Restaurants – Unveils Mutton, Vegetable Whoppers All In The Name Of Publicity and Peace Burger King Proposes Unholy Alliance With McDonald’s To Promote Peace Day mcdonald's McDonald’s Creates Clickbait TV Ad That Mentions Google, Coke, But Not McDonald’s Previous More Than 160 Customers ‘Paid It Forward’ At One Starbucks Drive-Thru Next Most Americans Favor Payday Loan Reforms Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Most Americans Favor Payday Loan Reforms Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Us Contests BCE: 60.92 +0.03 RCI-B: 62.34 +0.94 T: 44.01 -0.21 SJR-B: 28.54 +0.11 QBR-B: 41.12 -0.01 News Apr 19, 2017 9:05 PM EDTTraditional TV subs will decline by 247,000 in Canada this year, predi... Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 6:01 PM EDTThe X-24 and X-6 are two new Facebook-made 360-degree cameras for film... Apr 19, 2017 3:56 PM EDTSpotify’s student discount program is now available in Canada Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Apr 19, 2017 3:29 PM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... Carriers Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Apr 19, 2017 3:29 PM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 19, 2017 11:58 AM EDTRogers’ new CEO Joe Natale says core focuses are culture, custom... Apr 18, 2017 7:27 PM EDTRogers says it will launch its Comcast X1-based IPTV offering in the &... Apr 18, 2017 4:22 PM EDTRogers Q1 2017 results show jump in wireless revenues, subscribers ris... Apr 18, 2017 8:05 AM EDTFreedom Mobile buys customer new iPhone after finding out dealer sold ... Apr 17, 2017 9:25 PM EDTAnalyst predicts new Rogers CEO Natale will be quick to launch ‘... Manufacturers Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Apr 17, 2017 1:27 PM EDTApple now has a permit to test self-driving cars in California Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Phones Apr 19, 2017 6:01 PM EDTThe X-24 and X-6 are two new Facebook-made 360-degree cameras for film... Apr 19, 2017 11:52 AM EDTGalaxy Note 8 rumoured to feature dual-camera and 6.4-inch display Apr 19, 2017 9:59 AM EDTMoto G5 is coming to Canada on May 3rd Apr 18, 2017 7:56 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ teardowns reveal similar internal design to ... Apr 18, 2017 4:32 PM EDTAndy Rubin’s Essential smartphone shows up on GFXBench with 10GB... Apr 18, 2017 2:59 PM EDTBixby Voice will launch in Canada ‘later this Spring,’ say... Apr 18, 2017 12:35 PM EDTAMD announces affordable graphics card successor to the RX400, the upc... Apr 18, 2017 11:40 AM EDTApple to unveil three new iPhones for the smartphone’s 10th anni... Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... Apr 18, 2017 9:01 PM EDTLenovo exec says VR/MR headset based on HoloLens tech is coming in tim... Apr 18, 2017 7:07 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Google Earth enters VR orbit Apr 13, 2017 9:32 AM EDTGarmin’s new Vivosmart 3 fitness tracker will likely make some F... Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Virtual Reality Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apps/Games Apr 19, 2017 3:56 PM EDTSpotify’s student discount program is now available in Canada Apr 19, 2017 2:49 PM EDTPornhub launches TrickPics, a tool for covering up your nude pics Apr 19, 2017 2:00 PM EDTApple makes GarageBand, iWork and iMovie free for all iOS and macOS users Apr 19, 2017 1:45 PM EDTTD MySpend app reaches nearly 1 million Canadian users Apr 19, 2017 12:39 PM EDTCodemasters aims to resurrect its tiny car racing series with Micro Ma... Apr 19, 2017 12:15 PM EDTUberEats now available in Montreal Apr 19, 2017 11:18 AM EDTThe Handmaid’s Tale Season 1 releasing May 1 on iTunes in Canada Apr 19, 2017 11:09 AM EDTGoogle accidentally releases Android security test build update to the... Automotive Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Accessories Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Apr 17, 2017 7:31 PM EDTEcobee4 rumoured to feature built-in microphone and Alexa integration,... Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Reviews Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Phones Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Resources Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees How-to's Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Rate Plans Business Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square SyrupCast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Some Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues By Dean Daley Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDT2017-04-19EDT12:42:41-04:002017-04-19EDT12:45:31-04:00 3 comments Google hasn’t made their new mesh router available to Canadians yet, however, a few Americans seem to be having problems with the device already. Since March, users of the mesh Wi-Fi device have come across connectivity issues that Google can only provide temporary fixes for. After the last update (version 9202.35.8) to the router that was supposed to improve general stability and performance, a number of Google Wi-Fi owners took to the Google product forums and reported connectivity drops. Customers reported that the device will lose connection as the hub turns a solid blue and rebooting the device only temporarily restores the Wi-Fi connection. Google hasn’t announced a final fix for the problem, however. The first is to start GWifi with a different account. This means Google Wifi owners have to create a Google account or use a family member’s account. The second temporary fix is to disconnect Windows 10 or Xbox devices, or connect them via ethernet. This means users have to turn off any Windows 10 devices, such as laptops or tablets so that Google Wifi will function. 9to5Google reports this step brings back the Wifi services to their device. This issue isn’t happening to all GWifi customers and Google is still working on a “final fix for the issue” said by the Google Wifi Care Team. Source: 9to5Google Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Nintendo rumoured to release SNES microconsole this Christmas Netflix number one in app revenue in Q1 2017, says report Pornhub launches TrickPics, a tool for covering up your nude pics Blizzard’s almost 20-year-old masterpiece StarCraft is now free Moto G5 is coming to Canada on May 3rd Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Apr 19, 2017 9:05 PM EDT Traditional TV subs will decline by 247,000 in Canada this year, predicts report News Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDT Eliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] News Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDT Report forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year News Apr 19, 2017 6:01 PM EDT The X-24 and X-6 are two new Facebook-made 360-degree cameras for filmmaking Comments Pingback: Some Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues | Daily Update() Eluder Why is this making news? My Netgear Orbi was junk too with many of my devices having connectivity issues that weren’t present with my previous router. I ended up returning the Orbi to the store and going back to my previous router. I don’t think Mesh networks are quite ready for prime time yet, the have issues on more advanced devices it seems. Tuan Bui When are we Canadians getting any google product love? Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Apr 19, 2017 9:05 PM EDTTraditional TV subs will decline by 247,000 in Canada this year, predi... Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 6:01 PM EDTThe X-24 and X-6 are two new Facebook-made 360-degree cameras for film... Apr 19, 2017 3:56 PM EDTSpotify’s student discount program is now available in Canada Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Apr 19, 2017 3:29 PM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... All News Carriers Apr 19, 2017 7:02 PM EDTReport forecasts 900,000 new wireless subscribers in Canada this year Apr 19, 2017 3:53 PM EDTRogers expects to earn $685 million more revenue in 2017 than last year Apr 19, 2017 3:29 PM EDTHere are all the changes to Canadian carrier rate plans this week Apr 19, 2017 11:58 AM EDTRogers’ new CEO Joe Natale says core focuses are culture, custom... Apr 18, 2017 7:27 PM EDTRogers says it will launch its Comcast X1-based IPTV offering in the &... Apr 18, 2017 4:22 PM EDTRogers Q1 2017 results show jump in wireless revenues, subscribers ris... Apr 18, 2017 8:05 AM EDTFreedom Mobile buys customer new iPhone after finding out dealer sold ... Apr 17, 2017 9:25 PM EDTAnalyst predicts new Rogers CEO Natale will be quick to launch ‘... Manufacturers Apr 17, 2017 6:43 PM EDTMoto Z2 Force leak shows inclusion of headphone jack Apr 17, 2017 1:27 PM EDTApple now has a permit to test self-driving cars in California Apr 12, 2017 10:33 AM EDTBlackBerry awarded $815 million in arbitration from Qualcomm Apr 12, 2017 7:00 AM EDTGraphene is a durable electrode technology that could revolutionize fl... Apr 11, 2017 12:40 PM EDTQualcomm countersues Apple in dispute over licensing fees Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 7, 2017 6:27 PM EDTOnePlus is still silent about the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X Nougat update Apr 7, 2017 12:20 PM EDTThe BlackBerry Priv is one of the most secure Android devices on the m... Phones Apr 19, 2017 6:01 PM EDTThe X-24 and X-6 are two new Facebook-made 360-degree cameras for film... Apr 19, 2017 11:52 AM EDTGalaxy Note 8 rumoured to feature dual-camera and 6.4-inch display Apr 19, 2017 9:59 AM EDTMoto G5 is coming to Canada on May 3rd Apr 18, 2017 7:56 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ teardowns reveal similar internal design to ... Apr 18, 2017 4:32 PM EDTAndy Rubin’s Essential smartphone shows up on GFXBench with 10GB... Apr 18, 2017 2:59 PM EDTBixby Voice will launch in Canada ‘later this Spring,’ say... Apr 18, 2017 12:35 PM EDTAMD announces affordable graphics card successor to the RX400, the upc... Apr 18, 2017 11:40 AM EDTApple to unveil three new iPhones for the smartphone’s 10th anni... Tablets Apr 11, 2017 12:49 PM EDTMicrosoft’s Spring event to focus on Windows 10 Cloud, not new S... Apr 4, 2017 1:54 PM EDTSamsung’s Tizen operating system is reportedly a hacker’s ... Apr 4, 2017 10:03 AM EDTAlcatel Pop 7 LTE tablet now available at Fido and Rogers Mar 31, 2017 1:27 PM EDTYou can now download Google Calendar on the iPad Mar 27, 2017 7:26 PM EDTMicrosoft won’t reveal new Surface Book 2 at spring hardware event Mar 24, 2017 2:57 PM EDTIn pictures: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Mar 24, 2017 11:38 AM EDTThe Nougat-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is now available in Canada fo... Mar 21, 2017 8:59 AM EDTApple announces updated 9.7-inch iPad, starts at $449 CAD [Update: now... Wearables Apr 19, 2017 3:11 PM EDTApple asks Watch users to get outside and appreciate Mother Nature thi... Apr 18, 2017 9:01 PM EDTLenovo exec says VR/MR headset based on HoloLens tech is coming in tim... Apr 18, 2017 7:07 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Google Earth enters VR orbit Apr 13, 2017 9:32 AM EDTGarmin’s new Vivosmart 3 fitness tracker will likely make some F... Apr 12, 2017 12:01 AM EDTTinker friendly Montreal-made Nex Band Evolution is now available for ... Apr 11, 2017 10:32 AM EDTAMD purchases Valve-backed wireless virtual reality company Nitero Apr 11, 2017 8:44 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – Shazam joins the AR race Apr 10, 2017 8:56 PM EDTManitoba Public Insurance launches DRIVR-X VR experience to curb distr... Virtual Reality Apr 18, 2017 5:44 PM EDTFacebook launches augmented reality Camera Effects Platform Apr 18, 2017 2:41 PM EDTFacebook Spaces for Oculus VR launches today Apr 18, 2017 10:41 AM EDTWarner Bros. Entertainment patents AR/VR tech for home and movie theat... Apr 13, 2017 1:20 PM EDTKazuo Hirai, president of Sony confirms company is working on new VR e... Apr 13, 2017 12:04 PM EDTGoogle’s WebVR platform is now compatible with Cardboard Apr 13, 2017 11:47 AM EDT‘Eggstravaganza’ is Pokemon Go’s new Easter event Apr 5, 2017 8:28 AM EDTHTC launches Viveport monthly VR app subscription service Apr 3, 2017 4:39 PM EDTLowe’s Canada launches VR experience to teach skills for DIY hom... Apps/Games Apr 19, 2017 3:56 PM EDTSpotify’s student discount program is now available in Canada Apr 19, 2017 2:49 PM EDTPornhub launches TrickPics, a tool for covering up your nude pics Apr 19, 2017 2:00 PM EDTApple makes GarageBand, iWork and iMovie free for all iOS and macOS users Apr 19, 2017 1:45 PM EDTTD MySpend app reaches nearly 1 million Canadian users Apr 19, 2017 12:39 PM EDTCodemasters aims to resurrect its tiny car racing series with Micro Ma... Apr 19, 2017 12:15 PM EDTUberEats now available in Montreal Apr 19, 2017 11:18 AM EDTThe Handmaid’s Tale Season 1 releasing May 1 on iTunes in Canada Apr 19, 2017 11:09 AM EDTGoogle accidentally releases Android security test build update to the... Automotive Apr 13, 2017 2:32 PM EDTElon Musk announces Tesla will reveal a semi-truck in September Apr 10, 2017 4:19 PM EDTUberSelect services and new Uber office opens in Calgary, Alberta Apr 7, 2017 7:27 AM EDTUniversity of Toronto and Waterloo finalists to compete in AutoDrive C... Apr 5, 2017 1:34 PM EDTRawdon, Quebec sells more electric cars than anywhere in Canada Apr 4, 2017 7:03 PM EDTTesla is now the most valuable U.S. automaker, beating out GM and Ford Mar 31, 2017 7:32 AM EDTNissan to launch program to support Quebec’s electric car pilot ... Mar 30, 2017 10:10 AM EDTFord opens Canadian Ottawa Research and Engineering Centre, hires 400 ... Mar 29, 2017 9:18 AM EDTTransport Canada grants Drone Delivery Canada flight certificate to te... Accessories Apr 19, 2017 8:20 PM EDTEliminate charging cord fumbling with AutoDock [Sticky or Not?] Apr 19, 2017 12:42 PM EDTSome Google Wifi routers are experiencing connectivity issues Apr 17, 2017 7:31 PM EDTEcobee4 rumoured to feature built-in microphone and Alexa integration,... Apr 12, 2017 11:49 AM EDTQuebec-based Smartduvet launches orders for temperature controlled bla... Apr 12, 2017 11:07 AM EDTThe original mid 90s Tamagotchi is getting re-released with minor changes Apr 11, 2017 1:03 AM EDTAmazon Canada selling select SD Cards at up to 36 percent off Apr 10, 2017 1:04 PM EDTMake your own portable game console with Makerbuino [Sticky or Not?] Apr 5, 2017 6:24 PM EDTApple could be working on a MagSafe-to-USB-C adapter Reviews Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course All Reviews Phones Apr 18, 2017 11:02 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Review: Slim-bezelled powerhouse Mar 31, 2017 7:44 PM EDTAmerican Gods and American Playboy are coming to Amazon Prime Video th... Mar 31, 2017 3:36 PM EDTAlcatel Idol 4S Review: The best Windows Mobile phone for the average ... Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Hands-on: The death of the bezel Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM EDTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM EDTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Tablets Apr 4, 2017 1:03 PM EDTiPad (2017) review: Perfect for first-time tablet buyers Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM EDTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM EDTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM EDTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EDT9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM EDTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM EDTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Wearables Mar 29, 2017 8:06 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR with controller Hands-on: Staying the course Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM EDTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM EDTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM EDTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM EDTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM EDTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM EDTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM EDTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 Accessories Apr 4, 2017 6:53 AM EDTSonos Playbase Review: The opposite of ‘flat’ audio Mar 29, 2017 5:35 PM EDTSamsung’s new Gear 360 Hands-on: 4K future Mar 28, 2017 5:48 PM EDTTranscend DrivePro 520 review: Dash cam with a mobile twist Mar 27, 2017 6:07 PM EDTPhilips Sonicare FlexCare Platinum Connected review: A smarter toothbrush Mar 7, 2017 12:01 AM EDTSonos Playbase hands-on: Boosting audio for your TV Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM EDTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM EDTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM EDTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Automotive Apr 8, 2017 9:50 AM EDT2017 Volvo S90 infotainment Review: Sensus advancements Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM EDTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM EDTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM EDTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EDT2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EDT2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM EDTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EDT2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EDTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM EDTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM EDTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM EDTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM EDTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM EDTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM EDTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM EDTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Apr 3, 2017 4:19 PM EDTHere’s everything hitting CraveTV in April Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM EDTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM EDTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM EDTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM EDTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM EDTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM EDTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM EDTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM EDTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM EDTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM EDTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM EDTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM EDTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EDT2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM EDTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM EDTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM EDTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM EDTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EDT7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM EDTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM EDTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Mar 15, 2017 12:58 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 is a toned-down S7 for about $300 less Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM EDTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM EDTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EDT3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM EDTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM EDTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM EDTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement App/Game of the Week Apr 16, 2017 2:05 PM EDTHit the slopes with Powder Alpine Simulator [Game of the Week] Apr 14, 2017 12:40 PM EDTGasBuddy will help you find cheap gas [App of the week] Apr 9, 2017 5:34 PM EDTLet DJ Khaled give you major keys [Bot of the Week] Apr 8, 2017 7:51 PM EDTZedge is the one-stop app for Android customization [App of the week] Apr 8, 2017 1:20 PM EDTShift your perspective with Ellie & Max [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 6:33 PM EDTKill zombies in ‘Death Road To Canada’ [Game of the Week] Apr 2, 2017 2:09 PM EDTAdopt a veggie baby with Hendrick’s Cucumber Adoption Service [B... Apr 1, 2017 5:48 PM EDTFind fun things to do in your city with DoStuff [App of the week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM EDTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM EDTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM EDTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM EDTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM EDTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Apr 18, 2017 6:38 PM EDTA look at Spigen’s line of Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ cases Apr 16, 2017 5:37 PM EDTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is slowly becoming more useful Apr 13, 2017 2:16 PM EDTThe LG V20, six months later Apr 8, 2017 4:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Galaxy A5 vs the S7 and the S8 Apr 6, 2017 2:00 PM EDTFreedom Mobile expands its LTE network, adds new LTE roaming partner Apr 6, 2017 11:00 AM EDTApple’s new app Clips is the perfect mobile video editing companion Mar 31, 2017 12:31 PM EDTHere are 8 of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+’s best features Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDTSamsung goes all in on curved screens with new Galaxy S8 and S8+ models Resources Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees All Resources How-to's Apr 14, 2017 6:02 PM EDTHow to install the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update via MicrosoftR... Apr 8, 2017 9:21 AM EDTHow to use 3D Touch to become an iPhone efficiency wizard Apr 5, 2017 2:09 PM EDTHere are the best and most affordable microSD cards for the Nintendo S... Apr 1, 2017 1:33 PM EDTHow to get your iPhone to help first responders in an emergency with M... Mar 31, 2017 2:51 PM EDTHow to backup and restore your iOS device using iTunes and iCloud Mar 22, 2017 3:31 PM EDTHow to install the Android O Developer Preview on compatible Nexus and... Mar 19, 2017 2:04 PM EDTHow-to enable night shift mode on your iPhone Mar 10, 2017 1:15 PM EDTThe ultimate guide to Canadian carrier unlocking fees Rate Plans Business Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... All Business Carriers Apr 12, 2017 8:43 AM EDTFreedom Mobile subscriber base jumps by 33,427 in Q2 2017, totals 1,08... Apr 10, 2017 10:44 AM EDTGoodale commends new CRTC mandate to create national wireless public a... Apr 7, 2017 5:31 PM EDTCRTC reveals phase one of plan to transfer telephone subsidy to broadb... Apr 1, 2017 9:28 AM EDTRogers registers ‘Your Tomorrow Inspires Our Today’ trademark Mar 23, 2017 9:26 AM EDTRogers wins ‘Product of the Year’ award for its Smart Home... Mar 20, 2017 10:42 PM EDTEx-Rogers CEO Guy Laurence earned $13,452,873 in ‘separation pay... Mar 17, 2017 1:26 PM EDTInteractive timeline of important dates that led to the Bell MTS deal Mar 6, 2017 12:08 PM EDTCompetition Bureau says consumers should negotiate for lower prices Security & Privacy Apr 19, 2017 3:21 PM EDTBlackBerry partners with Allied World for greater cybersecurity reach Apr 5, 2017 6:08 PM EDTRCMP reveals use of cellphone tracking IMSI catcher devices Apr 5, 2017 1:29 PM EDTCellphone spying devices found at Montreal’s Trudeau airport Apr 3, 2017 9:02 AM EDTCanadian Privacy Commissioner voices concerns with connected and autom... Mar 28, 2017 12:19 PM EDTCanadian Government could gain wireless subscriber information if new ... Mar 27, 2017 11:58 AM EDTTurkish crime family group claims to have access to 250 million iCloud... Mar 22, 2017 7:32 AM EDTAlterna Bank and Lendful partner to create Canada’s first end-to... Mar 21, 2017 7:34 AM EDTToronto-based SecureKey partners with IBM on newly launched blockchain... Infrastructure Mar 23, 2017 10:05 AM EDTVolkswagen partners with Burnaby-based D-Wave to adopt quantum technology Mar 8, 2017 1:47 PM EDTWinkler, Manitoba could soon have some of the fastest internet in Canada Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM EDTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM EDTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM EDTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM EDTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM EDTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM EDTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Cloud Mar 27, 2017 10:12 AM EDTBell and Microsoft announce deeper relationship with cloud services pa... Mar 9, 2017 2:43 PM EDTGoogle announces Montreal will be home to the first Canadian Google Cl... Mar 9, 2017 12:57 PM EDTGoogle announces new machine learning function called ‘Video Int... Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM EDTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM EDTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM EDTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM EDTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM EDTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Healthcare Mar 28, 2017 12:00 PM EDTThe Future of Mobile in Canada: Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM EDTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM EDTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM EDTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM EDTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM EDTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM EDTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM EDTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... General Apr 11, 2017 7:03 AM EDTMajority of Canadian executives see outdated technology as barrier to ... Apr 7, 2017 8:27 AM EDTJustin Trudeau selling Canada’s innovation agenda through Quora ... Apr 6, 2017 8:48 PM EDTSamsung’s Q1 2017 operating profit soars, posts highest results ... Apr 6, 2017 7:26 AM EDTOntario invests $700,000 to co-found Code for Canada, a digital initia... Apr 5, 2017 7:33 AM EDTInfiniti launches IoT and smart city accelerator program in Toronto Apr 4, 2017 2:40 PM EDTYelp acquires Toronto-based Turnstyle for $20 million Apr 4, 2017 12:18 PM EDTBlackBerry’s financial troubles are behind the company, says RBC... Apr 3, 2017 8:12 AM EDTBlackBerry shuts down support forums and directs users to CrackBerry Syrup Community Apr 17, 2017 8:28 AM EDTPoll: What current or upcoming smartphone are you buying? Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 30, 2017 4:39 PM EDTContest: Win a Bell Samsung Galaxy S8 Mar 29, 2017 6:26 PM EDTPoll: Will you buy the Galaxy S8 or S8+? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square All Syrup Community SyrupCast Apr 14, 2017 11:13 AM EDTSyrupCast Ep. 116: Is the Nintendo Switch worth buying? Apr 7, 2017 12:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 115: Feels so fly like a G6 Mar 31, 2017 1:52 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 114: Will the Galaxy S8 redeem Samsung? Mar 24, 2017 2:13 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 113: I believe Android O is the future! Mar 17, 2017 2:49 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 112: The Last Square Mar 11, 2017 11:22 AM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 111: Google Assistant and chill Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM EDTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Con... SyrupShop Nintendo Switch Zelda Breath of the Wild SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com OPEN BORDERS CARNAGE: Drug overdose now killing more American every year than the entire Vietnam War Google invents “snowflake” technology making computers feel offended and intolerant just like college students… Wednesday, April 19, 2017 by: Ethan Huff Tags: Censorship, Google, robots (Natural News) Be careful what you search for online because you might just end up “triggering” your search engine. In an effort to combat what it deems as inappropriate internet content, tech giant Google has reportedly tweaked its search platform to get “offended,” like a human would, whenever someone searches for something that Google has flagged as vulgar, such as videos of the terrorist group ISIS beheading or shooting its victims. Similar to how a college student majoring in women’s studies might respond to a fellow classmate who suggests that men are the more rational of the two sexes, Google now has the ability to get upset and throw a fit whenever someone searches for something that the system doesn’t like, effectively hiding it from view. Following the recent terror attack in Westminster, outcry over the ease with which members of the public can search Google for, say, a handbook on how to effectively blow up a building, has led to efforts that would block such information from ever appearing in Google search results. It’s censorship disguised as “terror prevention,” and something that the world is likely to see more of as corporations like Google coalesce to it. According to reports, Google is busy at work refining this tracking tool to better identify “inappropriate” content in order to basically pull it from the web. Consequently, users who search for anything on the Google blacklist, even for educational or other purposes, will now have their search results filtered and sanitized without their consent. “Currently teams of humans are checking the systems to see if they are doing a good job,” reports the Daily Mail Online about this first phase of the program. “Google now wants the computers which monitor content being uploaded through YouTube and other channels to understand the nuances of what makes a video offensive.” Google to eventually hand over control of internet censorship to AI-like computer systems As part of a dual effort that includes also trying to stamp out so-called “fake news,” Google hopes to eventually convert its censorship system, which currently relies on human oversight to identify “offensive” content, to one in which computers alone will be able to make that call. Human input won’t even be necessary; in other words,  AI-equipped computer systems will eventually be able to do all the censoring on their own. The way that Google hopes to construct such a system is to continue feeding it a stream of human-vetted examples of both “safe” and “unsafe” content, from which it can effectively learn the differences between the two over time. YouTube videos, for instance, will continue to be broken down frame by frame and analyzed by a human being whose job it is to teach the system using data patterns. As for the current success of the program, Google claims that its system is already flagging five times more content than it had prior, though the company has yet to release official figures to prove this. “Computers have a much harder time understanding context, and that’s why we’re actually using all of our latest and greatest learning abilities now to get a better feel for this,” says Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, about the endeavor. Taking the program another step further, Google also hopes to eventually develop a system in which potential ISIS recruits and other suspected terrorists can be fed customized advertising content on their Google advertising banners that will deter them from wanting to join jihadist groups. As it turns out, there is apparently a very high demand for ISIS material online, experts claim, that needs to be better addressed for national security purposes. Sources for this article include: DailyMail.co.uk Wired.com Previous :‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Censorship Google invents “snowflake” technology making computers feel offended and intolerant just like college students… Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? Google, Facebook algorithms a whole new kind of “Orwellian censorship,” warns News Corp CEO Google goes all-in for liberal delusion with “fact checks” run by clickbait tabloid sites BuzzFeed and Salon Google’s news “true or false” fact checking determinations to be made by delusional Left-wing groups with a long history of dishonest bias Google to start labeling true news “false” and fake news “true” – algorithm assumes official fake news sources always tell the truth Google, YouTube waging “demonetization” WAR on alternative media to bankrupt independent journalism Twitter censors all searches for “cannabis” to protect profits of Big Pharma… then reverses decision after massive backlash Google profits from Jihadi training videos that teach mass murder while Facebook gives thumbs up to “kill white women” posts TED Talks parody video exposes the total bulls##t of TED-fabricated “thought leaders” who spew pseudoknowledge pretending to be “big ideas” Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-19-google-invents-snowflake-technology-making-computers-feel-offended-and-intolerant-just-like-college-students.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-19-google-invents-snowflake-technology-making-computers-feel-offended-and-intolerant-just-like-college-students.html">Google invents “snowflake” technology making computers feel offended and intolerant just like college students…</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? - NaturalNews.com Feed your furry friend a tablespoon of organic coconut oil to unlock these amazing health benefits…. - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC Alert: 134 pro-vaccine bills are active in 35 states - NaturalNews.com ‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? - NaturalNews.com As war with North Korea approaches, Pentagon scrambling to protect U.S. power grid from cyber attacks, EMP burst - NaturalNews.com How to easily find a fresh water spring in your state - NaturalNews.com National pizza chain offering organic toppings in 35-city pilot program - NaturalNews.com SHOCK: Drug overdose deaths now kill more Americans every year than the entire Vietnam War… after Democrats refused to protect the border from drug cartels - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to discover the human body is full of “mini brains” that function without using the Central Nervous System - NaturalNews.com Shocking study reveals your doctor is WRONG 88% of the time… second opinions rarely agree with your first diagnosis - NaturalNews.com Shocking study finds that penicillin changes childrens’ brains, causing them to grow up angry and violent - NaturalNews.com Lyme disease is about to explode across North America….with no cures in sight - NaturalNews.com The lemon detox diet - a recipe that really works California brags that deadly vaccination rates have hit their highest levels in 15 years - NaturalNews.com These five strains of medicinal marijuana ease migraines - NaturalNews.com Vitamin B supplements found to reverse adverse effects of air pollution on your cardiovascular system - NaturalNews.com 100 years of patents reveal secret history of U.S. weather control programs Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Real science: Almost half the population may be infected with a mysterious virus that makes people stupid ‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? - NaturalNews.com Lyme disease is about to explode across North America….with no cures in sight - NaturalNews.com Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? - NaturalNews.com Breast cancer BOMBSHELL: Women being CONNED into mastectomy surgery by doctors who SCARE them with false genetic testing results, warn Stanford medical researchers - NaturalNews.com Game over: We crossed the red line years ago and no one is telling you: The world as we know it is collapsing like a pack of cards - NaturalNews.com Dairy industry front group declares eating “clean food” promotes disease; tells youth to drink DIRTY MILK for lifelong health - NaturalNews.com Climate change myth SMASHED as scientists confirm solar activity is a significant driver of Earth’s climate - NaturalNews.com Easily dump dairy with these 7 modern substitutes - NaturalNews.com Destroy diabetes with a diet that encourages gut bacteria - NaturalNews.com TWISTED: According to bizarre Pentagon logic, Russia can now bomb the USA to stop vaccine violence against children - NaturalNews.com Top herbs to help cleanse lungs, make breathing easier Scientists shocked to discover the human body is full of “mini brains” that function without using the Central Nervous System - NaturalNews.com 13 Foods you should only buy once… then grow forever - NaturalNews.com After pushing LGBT agenda for children, Disney files patent on cuddly robots that could be used as “sex toys” for children - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Obama officials caught red-handed in most explosive abuse of power in U.S. history… bigger than Watergate… is Susan Rice going to prison? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Vitamin C breakthrough discovery: Low-cost nutrient halts growth of cancer stem cells… 1000% more effective than cancer drug… peer-reviewed science confirms powerful effects - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Fall from grace? Whole Foods losing staggering number of customers - NaturalNews.com Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC In plain sight: How to stay hidden during a crisis - NaturalNews.com Vaccination detoxification - How to remove heavy metals and other vaccine toxins In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists 10 health benefits of cucumbers And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Horrific spider bite may cause man to lose his arms and legs (Newstarget.com) There are far more vaccine-damaged children in America than chemical weapons-damaged children in Syria (Newstarget.com) Confirmed: Bacteria in your mouth can "ignite" cancer throughout your body... oral health should be part of every prevention strategy (Naturalnews.com) 100 shocking studies prove cannabis can help cure cancer (Naturalnews.com) We kidney not: Kidney beans are good for you (Naturalnews.com) Hip surgery on a Sunday? Think again... it could be your last (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Apr 20, 2017 | Updated: 02:05 AM EDT Subscribe Now Tech & Innovation Design Nanotechnology Energy Policy Space Physics & Math Chemistry Medicine & Health Environment & Climate Video Science Times Free Newsletter Sign up to get the latest science news delivered weekly right to your inbox! LG To Supply iPhone 8 OLED Screens Carmen HeruelaApr 19, 2017 10:24 AM EDT Facebook Linkedin Twitter Google+ Print Email (Photo : Chris Jackson/Getty Images) LG, the world's top supplier of crystal display panels, is reportedly evaluating a possible deal to supply Apple with OLED screens for the iPhone 8. LG Display Company Ltd. is up for one of the biggest opportunities for the company. The South Korean-based company, one of the largest manufacturers of crystal display panels in the world with a revenue of U.S. $25.55 billion in 2015, is reportedly in talks with American multinational Apple, Inc. The largest information technology company is eyeing LG for the supply of organic light emitting diodes (OLED) next year for its iPhone 8. The deal with Apple is set to be confirmed by the company in June during its board meeting. Like Us on Facebook Related Stories Solar-Powered Uvolt Watch For People On The Go Pittsbugh University Unveils Compressed Air Powered Waterproof Wheelchair ... South African Court Favors Domestic Trade Of Rhino Horns Trump Administration Eyes Threatened Species Status For Yellow Lance ... Fentanyl Blamed For Increasing Death Due To Drug Overdose This development was revealed after Google indicated its intention to invest up to $1 billion in the OLED manufacturing plants of LG. No agreements were signed as of this time. Google needs to seal the deal to secure the future supply of screens for the Google Pixel smartphones. At present, Google is dependent on Samsung Display and other suppliers for its screens, according to Business Korea. LG Display can push through with the Google deal, although the prospect of supplying for the iPhone 8 is an opportunity that is hard to resist. A senior LG official confirmed they received an invitation to bid on Apple's medium-sized OLEDs. The company is interested but will make a decision in June depending on investment volume required to meet the requirement and production capacity of the displays. After all, the Korean company is inexperienced when it comes to producing large numbers of small and mid-sized OLEDs. Google has an existing contract with Samsung Display for the supply of its OLEDs. There were previous reports that Apple is looking at the possibility of using the LG OLED screens in its phones, according to Reuters. These screens do not only offer better picture quality but are also thinner compared to the traditional liquid crystal screen displays. If the deal pushes through, the iPhone 8 will already be fitted with the said screens by 2018. LG's home appliance products remain its bread and butter, but the OLED screens found in its televisions has made quite an impact on consumers. While the company is not much into small and mid-sized OLEDs, the trend worldwide is pointing towards the use of the screens in the mobile segment. It may be a latecomer in the arena but it has no choice but to join the bandwagon if it wants to remain competitive. Facebook Linkedin Twitter Google+ Print Email More: iPhone 8, LG Display Inc., LG OLED, LG screen displays, OLED screen display, Google Pixel ©2017 ScienceTimes.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. The window to the world of science times. More Stories 02:05 AM Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Comes With 6GB RAM Plus 128 GB Storage 01:59 AM Ancient Sea Scorpions Used To Hunt Their Prey With Their Serrated Tail Spine 01:48 AM Vaccination: The Most Effective Remedy Of Getting Rid Of Diarrhoea Pathogens From The Body Close Latest Stories 1. 02:05 AM Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro Comes With 6GB RAM Plus 128 GB Storage 2. 01:59 AM Ancient Sea Scorpions Used To Hunt Their Prey With Their Serrated Tail Spine Ancient Sea Scorpions Used To Hunt Their Prey With Their Serrated Tail Spine 3. 01:48 AM Vaccination: The Most Effective Remedy Of Getting Rid Of Diarrhoea Pathogens From The Body Vaccination: The Most Effective Remedy Of Getting Rid Of Diarrhoea Pathogens From The Body 4. 01:41 AM Heart Attack Treatment: 3D-Bioprinted Patch Can Help Recover Scarred Tissue Heart Attack Treatment: 3D-Bioprinted Patch Can Help Recover Scarred Tissue 5. 01:35 AM Magnetic Materials Co2MnTi & Mn2PtPd Built With The Use Of Computer Magnetic Materials Co2MnTi & Mn2PtPd Built With The Use Of Computer Recommended Stories 1. 06:44 AM Scientists Develop Fluid With Negative Mass That Defies Newton’s Law Of Motion 2. Apr 16, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Finally On The List With More Surprises At The Microsoft's Spring Event On May 2 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Finally On The List With More Surprises At The Microsoft's Spring Event On May 2 3. 07:48 PM Toyota Supra 2019: Everything You Need To Know Inside Toyota Supra 2019: Everything You Need To Know Inside 4. Apr 17, 2017 Huawei P10, P10 Plus Takes On Samsung Galaxy S8 Amid Making Them Pay $11.6 Million For Patent Infringement Huawei P10, P10 Plus Takes On Samsung Galaxy S8 Amid Making Them Pay $11.6 Million For Patent Infringement 5. Apr 16, 2017 Large Asteroid Will Nearly Hit Earth On April 19 With A Bonus Comet Large Asteroid Will Nearly Hit Earth On April 19 With A Bonus Comet © Copyright 2017 The Science Times. All Rights Reserved. Stay Connected via Tech & Innovation Design Nanotechnology Energy Policy Space Physics & Math Chemistry Medicine & Health Environment & Climate Video About Us  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Contact Us FacebookTwitter
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google teams up with PayPal to make Android Pay more useful Listen | Print By James Walker     14 hours ago in Technology Google has announced a new partnership with PayPal that will see the popular online payments service integrated into Android Pay. Mobile payment users will be able to complete in-store transactions using their PayPal account, adding a new way to pay. With mobile payment usage on the rise, apps, providers and traditional merchants are transitioning towards more standardisation and integration. Google described its new relationship with PayPal as a "strategic collaboration" that'll mutually benefit both companies. For Google, having PayPal available as a payment type in Android Pay could expand the service's appeal. People who regularly pay online using PayPal will be able to continue using the platform in physical stores, enjoying the company's protection systems in the process. From PayPal's perspective, a presence in one of the leading mobile payment solutions will ensure it's ready to migrate to the era of mobile payments, rather than being bound to the Internet. With PayPal already a recognised icon on thousands of digital checkouts, it'll now be able to extend its presence to brick-and-mortar stores. Adding a PayPal account to Android Pay is as simple as linking a regular card. Once the two are connected, PayPal will show up as a payment option when using Android Pay to checkout. You'll be able to pay with PayPal by tapping your phone against the receiver, bypassing lengthy cash checkout queues and sending the bill to your existing account. PayPal integration in Android Pay Google "Millions of people already use their PayPal account to make online purchases, receive payments and send money to friends and family," said Google. "Soon they can start using the same PayPal account to tap and pay with their phones in stores and speed through checkout in Android apps." Before today's announcement, PayPal had previously announced it was adding mobile payments support to its own mobile app. Back in February, the company unveiled NFC compatibility for the PayPal app on Android devices. It allows tap-and-pay purchases at most mobile checkouts. Integration with Android Pay will enable the service to reach many more users though. The expanded audience will include people who often pay with card and only occasionally need to use PayPal, or vice versa. PayPal is currently only available to Android Pay users in the U.S. It'll start rolling out to both the Android Pay and PayPal apps "within the next few weeks." There's no word on when it'll come to other regions where the two services are available but a wider expansion in the future does seem probable. More about Google, Paypal, Android, android pay, mobile payments   Google Paypal Android android pay mobile payments Smartphones Mobile NFC Latest News Top News Boeing to continue layoff of hundreds of engineers Facing death for being gay, men flee Russia's Chechnya Bugs for dinner? New Aussie food trend has legs (and wings) Russia blocks UN condemnation of N.Korea missile test Kentucky coal company plans state's biggest solar farm France says will 'prove' Damascus behind Syria 'chemical attack' Anger, confusion as Japan revives militaristic edict Are we ready for the consequences of a technology-ruled world? US to send 300 Marines to Helmand province in Afghanistan Van Cliburn Piano Competition to be broadcast by Medici.tv Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Science Tech Health Alphabet seeks 10,000 volunteers — and their health data — for a massive medical study New, 34 comments by Elizabeth Lopatto@mslopatto Apr 19, 2017, 8:00am EDT Illustrations by James Bareham share tweet Linkedin Alphabet’s Google division is, fundamentally, in the business of selling data. That is a useful thing to keep in mind when Alphabet’s Verily comes calling for your medical data. But Google is also inarguably useful; this is why, despite knowing that my every move is being tracked by the company, I still make use of Google search, Gmail, and Google Docs, among its other myriad services. Verily’s Project Baseline is, in some sense, the health equivalent of those kinds of services — it has the potential to greatly expand our knowledge about what human health looks like. Not incidentally, the project will be of service to Verily as well. Researchers will collect genetic data, blood samples, medical images, and other information. In 2014, Verily — then a division of Google X — announced the Baseline Project, a collaboration with Duke University and Stanford University to try to get a sense of what a “normal” human looks like. Today, the group announced it will begin enrolling 10,000 healthy people, following a pilot in about 200 people that began in 2014. Over the course of four years, researchers will collect genetic data, blood samples, medical images, and other information from the study participants. That “other information” might include environmental data, as well as responses to phone surveys, and data from sensors in the Study Watch, a sensor-packed smartwatch announced last week. The studies are starting in the San Francisco Bay Area and North Carolina, though the scientists behind the effort hope to expand the areas surveyed. And because the program is meant to be nationally-representative, recruitment may be a little slow. When it’s over, there will be a database of anonymized data that plenty of researchers — including those from the pharmaceutical industry — will have access to. This style of study isn’t unprecedented; in fact, it’s been a feature of medical discovery for quite some time. The most famous example is the Framingham Heart Study, which began in 1948 with about 5,000 patients. At the time, doctors didn’t know much about heart attack and stroke, except that they were common and often deadly. So the Framingham study was devised in order to follow people ages 30 to 62 from the town of Framingham, Massachusetts for years and see if there were clues to those ailments. In 1948, and every two years afterwards, the study participants checked in. A second generation was added in 1971, and a third in 2002. Framingham has provided clues to most major cardiovascular risk factors Over the course of decades, Framingham has provided clues to most major cardiovascular risk factors: high blood pressure, high cholesterol, smoking, obesity, diabetes, and a sedentary lifestyle, among others. Framingham alone wasn’t enough to identify all these contributors, of course — but it told other scientists where to look. Something like 1,200 articles have been published in academic health journals over the last 50 years on Framingham alone. Project Baseline is twice the size of the original Framingham study population and is attempting more comprehensive measurement. And unlike Framingham, which was funded primarily by the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, this study is funded by Verily. Government spending on science has stagnated over the last decade, and Framingham has been among its casualties; the study lost 40 percent of its funding in 2013 as a result of the budget sequester. In fact, it would be a lot harder to get a publicly-funded study like Framingham off the ground today — both because it’s expensive and because it’s hard to predict what studies like this will find. Verily’s Project Baseline, then, is a mightily ambitious piece of basic science, and one that could prove useful. Advisory board member Adrian Hernandez, a cardiologist and professor of medicine at Duke, says the Project Baseline group is “aiming to build an early discovery platform.” It’s possible subtle changes occur in some areas — biomarkers, behavior, anything really — before a disease takes hold, Hernandez notes. Discovering what those changes are may lead to earlier and better treatment. Beyond those broad brushstrokes, it’s a bit difficult to say what a study like this is for until well after the fact, points out Stanford’s Sam Gambhir, who also sits on the advisory board. With a cohort study like this one — or like Framingham — it’s impossible to know the medical impact until well afterward. It is, however, possible to take an educated guess at what Verily gains by running the study. The point of a publicly-traded company is to make money for its shareholders, and Verily is owned by Alphabet, which is a publicly-traded company. So Verily stands to make money — the question is how. Verily, according to Alphabet’s investor documents, sells R&D services and licenses. This is worth keeping in mind; the data generated by Project Baseline will be shared with “qualified researchers.” Duke and Stanford are the two obvious places where the data will be shared, and the researchers there are likely to use Project Baseline data just as they’d use other data. When I asked about the possibility for pharmaceutical companies to access this data, Jessica Mega, the chief research officer at Verily, got squirrely. Here’s her initial reply: “There's a scientific executive committee that will review every request and the composition includes individuals with a leadership from Duke and Stanford, so it would need to be in line with the overall mission of the study.” Many companies sell their large databases of customer information I asked again, if someone who worked at a company like Pfizer would be able to gain access to the data, and Mega said, “Yes, as long as the intent is try to improve medical discovery.” Verily doesn’t yet figured out what “access” to the data will look like, I was told, but “the philosophy of the study is to make this information broadly available to qualified researchers.” Verily declined to comment on the possibility of fees for accessing its data. Many companies sell their large databases of customers’ information for discovery research. 23andMe, for instance, sells de-identified data from its genetic tests to researchers (such as Stanford), drug companies (Genentech, a subsidiary of Roche), and other entities (including the Michael J Fox Foundation, which does Parkinson’s research). In fact, the data is 23andMe’s moneymaker, not the tests it sells. Ancestry LLC, which also sells genetic test kits, does the same. It stands to reason Project Baseline could create similar revenue opportunities for Verily. There is also the matter of the Study Watch, which provides Verily with a number of opportunities. The most obvious is a consumer version of the Study Watch, though Mega says the company doesn’t currently plan to make the watch commercially available. The watch could also be used as a platform other researchers license in order to gather fairly continuous data. As it happens, the Study Watch is being used in the Personalized Parkinson’s Project — another Verily study, taking place in the Netherlands. That trial and Project Baseline may serve as trial runs for future research uses. Those two studies may also provide some sense of how reliable the data from the watch is, as well. (The Study Watch wasn’t used in the Project Baseline initial pilot run of about 200 patients.) Most wearables don’t require FDA approval, as long as they are marketed as “wellness devices.” But any kind of specific medical claim would probably require the regulators’ sign-off. Verily declined to comment on any regulatory plans for the watch. At this stage, it’s too early to speculate about what public good might come from Project Baseline, though it does seem likely there will be advantages to the work. It’s even possible that Project Baseline will be as useful to research as Framingham was 50 years ago. It may provide — as Framingham did before it — clues to the roots of common ailments. There may even be new drugs developed out of it. One thing is nearly certain, though: Project Baseline is meant to benefit Verily, too. Next Up In Science Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ Antarctica’s massive lakes, rivers, and streams could help us understand rising sea levels Facebook says it’s working to let you ‘hear with your skin’ Facebook is working on a way to let you type with your brain A rare two-person crew will launch to the International Space Station tomorrow morning A big patch of plastic garbage has been discovered in the Arctic Now Trending You'll know Apple blew it when it makes a fingerprint dongle April 19th, 2017 Sony's new A9 camera is a full-frame mirrorless with ludicrous speed It’s Sony’s most advanced professional camera ever. The Galaxy S8 Plus is an ergonomic marvel A screen this big has never been this easy to use Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references Samsung Galaxy S8 review: ahead of the curve The new S8 and S8 Plus aren't perfect, but they are damn close Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 23. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey reportedly hid $100,000 donations to Trump behind Chrono Trigger references by Rich McCormick 3 comments / new Apple will stop relying on mining for minerals ‘one day’ by Rich McCormick 11 comments / new Google reportedly planning built-in ad-blocking feature for Chrome by Nick Statt 22 comments / new Instagram celebrities keep sneaking in sponsored posts, FTC says by Colin Lecher PSA: the Moto G5 Plus on Verizon can’t dial 911 without a settings tweak by Dieter Bohn 3 comments / new 1,200 InterContinental hotels were breached by credit card stealing malware by Jacob Kastrenakes Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Menu About Tamebay Advertise on Tamebay Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events eBooks Sign up Login News Headlines Marketplaces Amazon eBay Alibaba Allegro CDiscount Etsy SKU Cloud Gumtree Halfords Jet.com Newegg Notonthehighstreet Rakuten Tesco Yumbles Zalando Payments Logistics Ecommerce Small Business Tamebay Guide Share: POST TWEET SHARE SHARE EMAIL Home NewsGoogle add PayPal as Android Pay funding source Google add PayPal as Android Pay funding source By Chris Dawson April 19, 2017 - 1:16 pm Google have added the ability to pay with PayPal via Android Pay, currently only in the US. A new strategic collaboration between Android Pay and PayPal gives new options at checkout and at a stroke makes Android Pay a friend of PayPal instead of a major competitor in the mobile and contactless payments arena. Initially, users will be able to pay using their PayPal balance but over the coming months PayPal will add the ability to use cards that have been stored with PayPal. PayPal and Google have been forging a strong partnership since PayPal was added as a payment method within Google Play nearly three years ago and we’re excited for this next phase of our relationship. With our combined reach and leadership in technology and mobile commerce, we can bring more choice and optionality to our joint customers. – PayPal PayPal have played with off-line contactless payments with PayPal Check In. Back in 2013, Dan and I went beer drinking and paid with PayPal Check in when it first came out (See the comic strip here) and it was flawless. The thing is I’ve never used it since as there are too few places that I can Check In so I don’t think about it. I sometimes use my PayPal payment card to make contactless payments, but that’s a bit old hat. I’ve also used the Vodafone mobile wallet linked to PayPal for tap and go payments. If I could link PayPal to Android Pay however, that would almost certainly become my contactless payment method of choice and I’m likely not the own. A good move on PayPal’s part – when is it going to be available in the UK? Dennis 17 hours ago Reply the system can detect when you log on different locations and can limit your account for safety, logging on to a cell mobile can have troubles and give you a nuked account they will make it hard to resurrect the account back Have your say Click here to cancel reply. View our Comment Policy Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Related posts 20 hours ago Android Pay now live in the UK 21 hours ago 3 New free must-have mobile apps for your warehouse 1 week ago Set up Etsy Payments or lose your selling privileges See More Stories Latest posts 18 hours ago What would you like to ask GS1 about GTINs? 18 hours ago Why don’t eBay offer next day delivery search? 20 hours ago Android Pay now live in the UK 20 hours ago Enterprise Nation small business meet-up, Brighton: 15/5/17 See More Stories Latest News 18 hours ago What would you like to ask GS1 about GTINs? 18 hours ago Why don’t eBay offer next day delivery search? 20 hours ago Android Pay now live in the UK 20 hours ago Enterprise Nation small business meet-up, Brighton: 15/5/17 See More Stories < Previous NAO estimates £1 - £1.5 billion per year unpaid tax from overseas sellers Next > Enterprise Nation small business meet-up, Brighton: 15/5/17 We Recommend Paypal Working Capital – lights are on but no one is home PayPal makes a bid for Thailand PayPal launch new Business App on iOS and Android Tamebay eBooks Concise, focused information Download ebook Free Daily News Updates Subscribe to Tamebay's daily newsletter SUBSCRIBE Chat with us on Twitter Real-time discussion FOLLOW US Tamebay Guide Tamebay TV Events Ebooks Contact About Tamebay Become a Member Account Sign in Advertise on Tamebay Privacy Policy Tamebay is an imprint of eSeller Publishing Limited, published by SJP Business Media on its behalf Tel.: UK +44 (0) 20 7933 8999 Email: info@tamebay.com Log in Privacy Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 97 Share on Facebook 72 Share on Twitter Total Shares189 Galaxy S8 Galaxy S8+ News Phone Reviews Article Contents 1 The Good 2 The Not So Good 3 Design and materials 4 Display 5 Battery life and charging 6 Storage, wireless, and call quality 7 Audio and speakers 8 Camera 9 Performance 10 Testing notes 11 Software 11.1 What's new 11.1.1 Navigation keys 11.1.2 Bixby 11.1.3 Snap window 11.1.4 Dual audio 11.1.5 Separate app sound 11.1.6 Other changes 11.2 General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) 11.3 Software: Opinion 12 Value 13 Conclusion When you talk about Samsung's Galaxy smartphones, it's hard not to talk about 'the average consumer.' Because the Galaxy S series is the second-most popular line of smartphones on earth, its audience is unashamedly mainstream, and the vast majority of sales of these devices will be to consumers who aren't what you'd call tech-savvy. The issue for Samsung, increasingly, is learning how to split the difference between a smartphone that provides a good experience for everybody and maintaining that all important credibility with its fans and enthusiasts. The Galaxy S8 and S8+, for example, have Quad HD displays - the best ones I've ever seen. But they're set to 1080p by default for improved performance. And as enthusiasts clamor for ever-larger batteries, Samsung has put very average, if not exactly small, ones in these new phones (though they should degrade less noticeably). The S8 is still a slippery metal and glass sandwich that essentially requires additional protection unless you like to live life on the edge, which is great news for case manufacturers, but less so for you and me. And then there's the new fingerprint scanner, which is just a bit tragic (especially on the S8+). Of course, there are big upsides: the latest chipset from Qualcomm, the Snapdragon 835, ensures that the Galaxy S8 will probably have the best LTE performance of any phone on the market here in the US. That chip also brings features like Bluetooth 5.0, improved Wi-Fi performance, and better image signal processors for the cameras. Samsung's Infinity Display is genuinely breathtaking: this is the best screen I've seen on a smartphone, period. The rear-facing camera is still great, the quality of the phone itself seems almost unimpeachable, and Samsung continues to make legitimate value-adds to the smartphone experience with features like Samsung Pay, wireless charging, and advanced network feature support across all four major US carriers. The fact that you can just walk in to a store and buy one generally speaking (ahem, Google) is something worth pointing out, too. Samsung's ubiquity is absolutely a product feature. Like the S7 and S7 edge last year, the S8 and S8+ feel iterative - in a good way. But I also believe they're evidence that what makes a smartphone "great" is becoming more and more subjective. These are great smartphones, but how great really depends a lot on your priorities. The Good Display The best displays I've ever seen on a smartphone. They're bright, they're beautiful, they have excellent viewing angles, and tiny little bezels. You get a ton of screen in a remarkably compact package. Battery I only tested the S8+ in depth, but the battery life on this phone was great. If you disable the always-on display, it gets even better. Camera While I still prefer the Pixel's camera, the S8's has its own strengths, including excellent low-light performance, fast captures, and bright, vivid colors. GraceUX isn't bad TouchWiz has come a long way. Setting aside the conversation about updates, I find GraceUX perfectly good, and Samsung has genuine value-adds in the software these days. Virtual keys FINALLY. Samsung has entered the modern Android era and given us virtual navigation keys. It has noticeably improved my feelings about using a Samsung phone. The Not So Good Fingerprint scanner I actively hate the fingerprint scanner on the S8+. It may be better on the standard S8. But yeah, it's bad. Updates The S8 and S8+ ship with Android 7.0, and I've seen exactly nothing from Samsung indicating they plan to change their attitude about timely Android platform updates. Bixby Is utterly worthless. A waste of a perfectly good hardware key. So much glass I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases. Pricey At $750 and $850 for the S8 and S8+, respectively, there's no denying Samsung is asking a lot for the privilege of joining the Galaxy S club this year. Design and materials Not all glass and metal sandwiches are created equal. With the S8 and S8+, Samsung has proven once again that, yes, there is still room for refinement when it comes to packaging and polishing a smartphone. To call these phones "pretty" would be to do them a disservice (I also don't necessarily think it's true). They have an almost precious quality to them, something that tends to be strongly evoked when you hold them in the slightly awkward "claw" grip a curved-edge smartphone sort of requires. But the phones look and feel so solid - their seams so uniform and tight - that you get the sense they can't even be taken apart, because they must have been forged whole in some kind of dark ritual (especially in this black finish). I don't mean to fawn, but when you compare Samsung's industrial design here on the S8+ to something like the Google Pixel XL, the Pixel looks and feels like yesterday's smartphone. And I don't just mean the bezels. Compare it to the Galaxy S7 edge, and the new S8+ is clearly a more moderate step forward, though. The biggest change is of course the display, which we will get to soon, but let's talk about those bezels. Samsung hasn't made what you'd call a "bezellless" phone (no one has), but their bezel reduction approach is more similar to LG's than, say, Xiaomi's. Instead of making the ludicrous compromise of moving the front-facing camera and various sensors down to the chin of the phone and messing with the earpiece speaker just to achieve that not-bezelless look, Samsung's chopped off some bezel on both the top and bottom. The result is much more screen in a package that doesn't need to grow dramatically to accommodate it. This is the smart approach to maximizing screen to body ratio (conversely, I would argue the Xiaomi approach is not smart). The one compromise Samsung had to make was the home button - it was time for it to go. We'll talk more about the software keys later, but for those of you who liked to tap the home key to quickly check your notifications, be at ease: it has a replacement. The pressure-sensitive, always-on virtual home key can be configured to wake the screen on a double tap or long press for quick glances. As you know, this also means the fingerprint scanner had to be put... somewhere else. Samsung hasn't chosen well. The fingerprint scanner on the Galaxy S8+, in particular, is nothing short of a bad experience. My success rate on reads hovers around 50% at the time of this writing, and it's become a frustration so constant that I've started to feel a bit annoyed by the whole thing. Why couldn't it have gone in a more natural, isolated location below the camera sensor? It's not just the reach - the scanner itself is incredibly finicky about making sure the whole sensor area is covered, and sometimes just doesn't recognize my finger is on it at all. This is not to mention that said scanner is right next to the camera, which has the same sort of raised edge design as the scanner and feels exactly the same to your finger. Unlocking the S8+ with your right hand requires immense discipline and active attention to how you grasp the phone. It isn't even worth the trouble (my fingers are pretty long, by the way). With your left, it's doable as you build up the muscle memory instead of having to actively feel out the scanner. But I use a lot of phones, and this is hands down the worst fingerprint scanner I have used since Samsung's old swipe-to-read ones. It boggles my mind how far backward Samsung has gone with this experience. Even the registration process is annoying: it refused to read any of my attempts to register the sides and edges of my finger because the scanner wasn't completely covered. Anyway, that's my fingerprint scanner rant. Samsung, you messed this up. On the bottom of the phone you'll find the 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB 3.0 Type C port, the microphone, and the outlet for the speaker. The design of the power key is unchanged, but Samsung has switched back to a rocker for the volume key to avoid confusion with the new Bixby button. The buttons all provide good feedback and have a nice, clicky feel. I will say the volume rocker is a bit high up on the S8+, presumably in order to make room for said Bixby key. Out back, the camera hump is gone, meaning you can tap away at the S8 sitting on a flat surface and it won't rock or wobble (at least, not significantly). To the right of the sensor is the fingerprint scanner, and to the left is the flash and Samsung's weirdly persistent heart-rate monitor. On the front, things have become substantially more subdued with this generation of phone. The earpiece speaker is much smaller, the Samsung logo is nowhere to be found (a victory, I would say), and there's no chroming or accents around any of the sensors or front-facing camera. All colors of the Galaxy S8 have black bezels around the screen, so no matter which shade you choose, you'll get a pretty stealthy fascia. Undoubtedly, some of you are coming into this review with a question: S8, or S8+? If you're currently using a Galaxy Note5, S6 edge+, or S7 edge, I would actually advise you to consider the S8 over the larger model I'm testing here. The S8+ is a big phone - as tall as a Nexus 6, if not nearly as wide. This will make pocketability a genuine question for some, especially if you're going to be throwing a case on this big, expensive slab of metal and glass. If you typically find yourself liking a 5.5-5.7" smartphone, I'd say go for the regular S8. But if you do want something bigger, the S8+ offers a ton of screen in a package that is a lot easier to handle than phablets (sorry, sorry) of the past. Because all of the extra display area is packaged vertically, the phone is still very narrow and easy to manage with one hand - for most tasks. Reaching the top of the screen can be a real bear, and that can mean risky maneuvers (i.e., potentially dropping it) to access certain parts of the UI one-handed. I still think it's way easier to manipulate than my old Nexus 6, though. The comparative narrowness makes my grip on it a lot more confidence-inspiring, even if those stretches for the notification bar can feel a bit dicey. And because I wasn't sure where else to put it: Yes, the multi-color notification LED is still there. Even with the reduced bezel, Samsung managed to hold onto it. Display If you're sick and tired of hearing every year that "Samsung has done it again - the best smartphone display ever!" then I am sorry, you will continue to be sick and tired. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have the best smartphone screens. Ever. They get extremely bright, the colors are exceptionally vivid (or accurate, if you switch to the Basic display mode), viewing angles are excellent, blacks are very deep, and the AMOLED panel can get ultra-dim for those late-night reading sessions. Samsung continues to demonstrate that its Super AMOLED technology is the gold standard for displays with the Galaxy S8, and that the bar can still be raised higher yet. I'm always impressed with Samsung's ability to iterate this technology with such consistent success. While this is a Quad HD panel with a native resolution of 2960x1440 (that's a lot of pixels), Samsung configures the S8 and S8+ out of the box to run at 1080p (2220x1080). Why? Because it improves performance. And that feels like something of a copout, doesn't it? Google can run the Pixel XL with its older, less efficient Snapdragon 821 chip at full QHD resolution and achieve performance and battery life that go toe-to-toe with a fresh-out-of-the-box Galaxy S8+. So, why make the phones QHD at all? VR! At least, that's a convenient scapegoat. Notably, you can change the resolution manually to the full QHD. I'll have a few more words about this in the performance section of the review, so stay tuned. Getting back to the screen, I found it worked well even in direct sunlight, with Samsung's ultra-high contrast overboost mode kicking in to maximize readability even in the most challenging conditions. Sure, that'll drain your battery real fast, but it's better than not being able to see your phone. The Galaxy S8s also have support for HDR video, but I believe it's only the HDR10 standard (not Dolby Vision). As far as I know, this will work with select apps that have specifically optimized for Samsung devices, so I would expect adoption of this in a wide way will be fairly slow for the time being outside the core video services like Netflix and Amazon. Still, it's good to have, because the screens on these phones really do deserve HDR video to fully take advantage of their impressive capabilities - especially those positively inky black levels. I applaud Samsung for continuing to include its helpful screen mode setting, which allows you to choose one of four color profile presets depending on how you want the screen to look. The "basic" mode offers the most unforgivingly accurate reproduction of colors, something I find helpful when reviewing photos. Finally, let's talk about the edge. Last year, I was pretty clear on my feelings about the Galaxy S7 edge having issues properly rejecting fingers or palms at the edge of the display. Because of the way curved-edge displays are shaped and the fact that Samsung curves both the front and the back of the device, it's essentially impossible to hold a curved-edge phone without your fingers or palms touching the edge of the screen. On the S7 edge, this was absolutely maddening at times. It made the phone nearly impossible for me to use if I was lying on my back, for example, doing some email in bed, and it was one of the reasons I stopped using it so quickly after my review period. I am happy to report that it looks like Samsung has given some serious attention to the issue of edge rejection. I tapped out a full email on the S8+ lying back on the couch and didn't get a single misread character or failure to respond to input. I browsed the web, scrolled through Twitter, did some texting, and it all went off without a hitch. That's cause for a sigh of relief - I was really worried Samsung would just continue to act like this issue didn't exist. Battery life and charging I've only been using the Galaxy S8+, so that's the phone I can give you battery life impressions on. My take so far is that battery life is at least as good as the Snapdragon Galaxy S7 edge from last year, a phone that offered above-average performance in this area. In single-day heavy use, the phone could reliably get 5 hours of screen time, sometimes creeping closer to 6 hours. That's very good - exceeding the Pixel XL in performance, even. Will the Exynos variant once again clean Qualcomm's clock on efficiency? I guess we'll have to see how they compare in reviews around the web. Still, the S8+ does really well here, and if you want the version of the phone that's going to be able to power you through the most usage possible, that extra 500mAh of capacity (3500mAh total for the S8+) over the standard S8 isn't anything to sneeze at - and I doubt the larger display cannibalizes all of it. Samsung has also claimed that these batteries should hold up better over the long haul than those in last year's phones, saying that the S8 and S8+ will retain 95% of their effective capacity after a full year of typical usage (the S7 retained just 80%). That's welcome news, because as we all know, battery life doesn't tend to get better as a phone ages. The idle drain on the S8+ wasn't particularly great in my experience, but that's because I had the always-on display enabled. Samsung estimated on the S7 that you'd drain under 1% of your battery per hour with the feature turned on, so I think those of you really looking to get every bit of battery bang for your buck possible will want to turn this off. It does have an effect. I also turned off Samsung's very annoying app "sleep" feature, which looks at apps that are using power in the background but that you don't use regularly and then forces them into an "sleep" state to prevent them from waking the phone. It's well-intentioned, I know, but if I want something like that, I tend to trust Greenify, and honestly, I'm generally OK with letting Android's Doze do its work. Finally, just as a note: all of my testing was done in the standard 1080p mode the phone ships in - I've not turned up the resolution to full QHD. Obviously, if you do this, your battery life will suffer as a result of the increased number of pixels which need to be rendered (apparently not - it's just performance). However, I really can't be sure just how big an effect this will have, and it's not a particularly easy thing to test outside of a highly controlled environment. Charging the S8 and S8+ is just the same as it's been for years with the Galaxy line of phones, using Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charge technology based on Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. The one change comes in the port, which is now a USB-C connector. Oh, and Samsung has made the charging bricks and cables black now, instead of white. It charges at the same speed all Samsung phones with Adaptive Fast Charge have over the years, and the charger still has a Type A USB port. Samsung says the retention of the older charging tech and Type A port is to make transitioning from legacy products easier for their customers, and it looks like the S8 will even include a microUSB to type C adapter tip in the box. When you sell as many smartphones to "normals" as Samsung, these are very valid considerations, and so while enthusiasts might be a bit miffed than Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 and USB Power Delivery aren't in tow here, it's not like the phones charge slowly. Samsung also still includes wireless charging, and it is releasing a new wireless fast charging pad which provides the same speed as the fast charging pad for the S7 did last year. This year, the pad has a rubbery, leather-texture surface and pops up to act as a phone stand, which is kind of cool. Wireless charging is available on all Galaxy S8 models, too - no worrying about regional variants here. Storage, wireless, and call quality The Galaxy S8 and S8+ come with as much storage as you'd like - as long as it's 64GB. There's only one storage tier being offered in the US (I wouldn't be surprised if China gets a 128GB model), but you can expand that with a microSD card. I really will hand it to Samsung for upping their base offering to 64GB - 32GB just doesn't cut it these days, and 128GB can seem a bit overkill. This T-Mobile variant I tested came with 53GB of that available to the user out of the box, which should be more than enough for most of us. Wireless performance on the phone has been excellent for me. Data speeds on T-Mobile have been great, and the Galaxy S8 and S8+ support a large number of advanced network technologies here in the US to ensure you're getting the most possible out of your carrier's network. Be it advanced LTE carrier aggregation, wireless MIMO, VoLTE, HD Voice, Wi-Fi calling, LTE-U - it's all here. You can thank Qualcomm's X16 LTE modem for most of this. A lot of things can be said of Samsung, but they rarely ever miss out on a chance to be a showcase for the carriers' newest features. T-Mobile, for example, says the S8 and S8+ will be the fastest-ever smartphones on its network thanks to 4x4 MIMO, carrier aggregation, and 256 QAM support. Wi-Fi performance on the S8+ has been great for me, and Bluetooth in my car has been flawless, providing strong reception and zero pairing issues (something that can't be said of certain phones starting with "P"). I've come to expect Samsung to get Bluetooth right over the years, and they still are. Bluetooth 5.0 support is on board courtesy of the Snapdragon 835 chipset, but no real consumer devices out there using the standard exist yet. But you can take advantage of some of the standard's increased power right now - for example, Samsung has introduced a new feature called dual audio that lets you stream to two pairs of Bluetooth headphones at once. That's pretty awesome. Audio and speakers The Snapdragon 835 features a newer revision of Qualcomm's Aqstic audio "codec" (basically, the DAC and headphone amplifier), and I do think some noticeable gains have been made here. For one, I feel output on the headphone jack is better - driving big, high-impedance headphones left me with more room on the volume slider than attempting to play the same tracks with my Pixel XL. I also might be hearing some improved bass response, but that could just be the extra "oomf" the new amplifier is providing. Quality itself is still excellent, and I really noticed no difference on that front between the 821 and 835. Annoyingly, Samsung's volume warning still won't let you exceed a certain threshold until you accept a warning dialogue saying you might blow out your ears. It is very annoying. I realize there are laws on the books about this in Europe, but why does this have to be in the firmware for every variant of the phone, and why does it have to tell you every time you plug in a set of headphones? That's certainly not the case with Apple or Google's phones here, but Samsung seems dogged in its resistance to this regional accommodation. Samsung doesn't seem to have really done much with its external speaker. It sounds decent, but the direction it fires and the peak output leave a fair bit to be desired. In the age of waterproofed smartphones with itty-bitty bezels, it's hard to see speakers being a major priority anymore. It's sad, but it's true. Camera I was a fan of the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, though I do still have my critiques as they've aged: colors are exaggerated and processing can be overbearing. Samsung claims that while the camera in the S8 and S8+ is the same one found in last year's phones, they've done work on the processing side to increase image quality. What does that mean, exactly? For my eyeballs, it means less aggressive sharpening. As with last year's phones, the S8 is an incredibly capable camera in low light conditions. The f/1.7 lens hoovers up a surprising amount of light even in challenging conditions, and with a steady hand you can get some pretty crisp shots where other phones would just render an unpleasing mess of noise and blur. Even Google's Pixel is no match for the S7 in low light - the dual-pixel autofocus and aforementioned lens make a formidable duo in the dark. Photos shoot off fast and the camera launches quickly, though I had honestly hoped for some improvement in speed given the new Spectra ISP the Snapdragon 835 features. In fact, the Galaxy S8's camera still doesn't launch as consistently quickly as my Pixel XL's, especially when using the quick launch feature, where the Pixel XL is very noticeably faster on the draw. That's... not great. It's still quick to start up, but you'd think Samsung would be focusing on this kind of stuff in terms of trying to be the best. Previous Next When we get to the actual business of the photos, I think nearly everyone who buys this phone will be incredibly happy with how their snapshots turn out. They're vivid, crisp, and as I said, the results in challenging light are still as impressive today as they were last year. I definitely approve of Samsung's reduction in the amount of sharpening applied to photos - things just look more natural now. The colors are still a bit unrealistic at times, and Samsung's automatic HDR is nowhere near as impressive as Google's HDR+, meaning you'll still get blowouts in particularly high-contrast scenarios. But the camera is good. In terms of the app experience, Samsung has added Snapchat-like overlays and stickers (for joy), but aside from a new option to place a floating shutter button on the UI, the camera app is essentially unchanged from how it appears on the Galaxy S7's current Nougat build with Grace UX. That means you get a Pro mode with a few more shooting options (including RAW output), filters, slow motion, panorama, hyperlapse, and more. All in all, the camera experience on the S8 hasn't really changed much this year, and while I wouldn't call that a letdown, per se, I don't think Samsung had the best smartphone camera last year overall, and leaving it essentially unchanged for 2017 means it probably won't this year, either. Performance The version of the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing uses Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chipset, not the Samsung Exynos chip that many other markets around the world will get. If you want to know about the 835's capabilities on paper, we have an extensive post benchmarking its performance. In the real world, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ are the very first smartphones to utilize Qualcomm's new chip. How's that gone? Well, I am happy to report that the Galaxy S8+ I'm testing is very noticeably faster than an S7 edge with a fairly fresh Nougat install. It's a pretty stark difference. Has Samsung conquered the infamous lag its devices develop over longer periods of time? I can't answer that today, obviously, and Samsung really isn't interested in discussing it, either. As more reviewers and eventually consumers spend more time with the phone, we'll be able to better assess that issue. That said, out of the box, the Galaxy S8+ feels almost as quick as my Google Pixel XL. A little faster in some scenarios, too, but I would say the two phones offer reasonably comparable performance based on the week I had to really compare the two. The Pixel XL isn't what I'd call the fastest Android phone for raw speed (I'd say the OnePlus 3T wins there), but it's the consistency of its performance that has really impressed me in the last six months. If Samsung can keep even close to this level of performance on the Galaxy S8 six months from now, that'd be a huge boost for the user experience on its phones. That is, unless you really heat up the S8+. Between benchmark testing runs, I noticed the phone developed the very typical kind of lag I'd found on devices like the Galaxy S7 edge last year. The Pixel doesn't do this. The OnePlus 3T doesn't do this. Why are Samsung phones so aggressively throttling under thermal load? Still, the number of times I worked the phone hard enough in regular use for this to be an issue were negligible - as in, it really didn't happen at all outside the back-to-back benchmarking scenario. One performance asterisk I'd like to point out is that the Galaxy S8 and S8+ do give themselves something of an edge on phones like the G6 and Pixel XL inherently, because they run at 1080p resolution out of the box instead of the 1440p every other QHD phone does, but you really can't tell the difference 95% of the time. On the whole, I'm satisfied with how this phone performs. During the hands-on event, I was much more tepid, as I just didn't have the time to really get a feel, especially comparatively, for the overall smoothness and consistency of the experience. There are, however, some areas where I think Samsung could improve. The way the notification shade draws down feels a bit clunky (not slow, just weird), and sometimes the virtual navigation keys have a split-second delay on interaction. It's also definitely a bit easier to choke up the S8+ with manic opening and closing of apps than the Pixel XL - it does start to get a little overwhelmed when you really, really push it. I also think Google is doing a better job on touch latency, as sometimes the S8+ feels just a bit behind my fingers. As for benchmarks, you probably won't be surprised to learn Samsung's implementation of the Snapdragon 835 isn't as fast as Qualcomm's reference device. I've pasted a results table for popular tests below. Device Geekbench (1) Geekbench (multi) GFXBench (Car Chase OS) GFXBench (Man3.1, 1080 OS) GFXBench (Man3.0 OS) GFXB (T-Rex OS) Antutu 3DMark (Slingshot 3.1) 3DMark (Slingshot 3.0) 3DMark (Ice Storm Unltd) PCMark 1.1 Octane Kraken (lower is better) SunSpider (lower is better) Galaxy S8+ (SD835) 1829 6169 1312 2314 3343 5750 160565 3404 4608 36251 7445 11211 2832 408 Galaxy S7 edge (SD820) 1450 3800 587 1005 1584 2448 130357 2327 2916 18914 5613 4716 4038 651 Galaxy S7 (Exynos) 1866 5358 904 1706 2485 4643 135691 2010 2362 29216 5064 10337 2565 511 Snapdragon 835 (reference device) 2059 6461 1513 2668 3873 6625 181939 3803 4996 38518 8124 14301 2308 237.4 OnePlus 3T 1840 4032 1180 2058 3006 5279 157191 2619 3298 30741 FAILED 9280 2601 531 Pixel XL 1638 4089 1148 1997 2982 5131 137290 2839 3205 27376 5913 9154 2775 576 Huawei P10 1926 5713 748 1403 1851 3690 119618 1910 2230 25066 7222 8947 3159 464 Testing notes I'm going to call this section "experimental" in phone reviews going forward, because I've tried it as a section for bugs, stability issues, and software problems, but it just didn't seem to add much. Instead I'm going to devote this section to brief thoughts on thoughts I've had when using the phone - specific, relatively concise observations about what the Galaxy S8+ is like to use. The fingerprint scanner is too hard to reach on the S8+, misreads are common. You may smudge the camera lens when reaching for the scanner, meaning blurry photos if you're not an obsessive lens wiper like me. I tried to use the iris scanner, but it was even worse than the fingerprint sensor with my glasses, my hit rate was well under 20%. Unlike with the Pixel, Bluetooth performance in my car ('16 Mazda) was great - I didn't even need to take the phone out of my pocket. The S8+ is fairly easy to keep a grip on width-wise, but it is very tall, and pulling down on the notification bar one-handed just feels risky. The top area of my homescreen is basically a no man's land for the same reason. I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, you can't really tell. I didn't end up using the always-on home button feature at all, even though it is kind of neat. If I bought this phone, I'd turn off always-on display to keep the idle battery drain lower. While not the newest or fastest standard, Samsung's 15 watt fast charging still tops up the phone pretty quickly in my experience. On the launcher, the Samsung Pay quick-access peeking thing reduces the size of the touch targets for the nav keys. I switched the navigation key order to the traditional Android layout (back, home, recent apps) and haven't looked back. Samsung's new launcher looks alright but I went straight to Nova, in part to get my round icons back (yes, I have been Pixel indoctrinated). I don't know how anyone lives with the stock Samsung keyboard. Yikes. Even with all this extra vertical space, I still can't find a single compelling reason to split-screen apps on Android. Samsung still isn't allowing "OK Google" hotword recognition when the display is off (probably because Bixby). Software For the purpose of this review, much of my definition of "new" is going to rely on what is new versus a Galaxy S7 running Samsung's GraceUX update on Android 7.0. So with that in mind, let's get to it. What's new Navigation keys The biggest change, of course, is down at the bottom of the screen: virtual navigation keys! I'm not going to get caught up on how they look - I just care that they're there and they work. And you can change them to the proper back-home-recents order, which I did immediately upon setting up the phone. Choice feels good. You can also change the background color for the navbar if you're so inclined. The home button has a few extra tricks up its sleeve, too. It's always on - even if the always-on display mode is off and your screen isn't illuminated, there's a pressure sensitive area where the home button displays. Just press with some force (the amount of force can be adjusted in settings), and your phone will wake up just like you'd pressed a physical home button. You can see why rumors are swirling that Samsung wanted to integrate a fingerprint scanner with this feature - it would make complete sense. The home key will also respond to hard presses even when an app is overlaying the navbar. Honestly, I didn't end up using the hard press feature pretty much ever. You can also set it up to just display the lockscreen on a double-tap of the button. (Which is fine, but seems an inferior solution to tapping anywhere on the display to do a wake as LG, HTC, and other phones do.) Bixby *cracks knuckles.* OK, let's talk about Samsung's intelligent assistant... thing. Bixby exists in three incarnations on the Galaxy S8 at this time. First, there is Bixby Home (Google Now). Then, there is Bixby Reminders (which is, well, reminders). And then we have Bixby Vision (Google Goggles). We'll talk about each of them, I guess. Bixby's banner feature, voice controls, is not available at the time of this review, and will supposedly launch here in the US later this Spring. For now, then, all the Bixby button does is launch Bixby Home.    Bixby Home is the most involved of the three, so let's begin there. Bixby Home is a bit like someone took your Google Now feed and made it less useful. It displays recent photos you've taken, advertises themes on Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, suggests wallpapers, gives you unnecessarily large calendar event cards, displays random GIFs from giphy (why), gives you a list of your most frequently visited websites (if you use Samsung's browser), as well as your most frequently used apps. There's also weather, your step count (helpful), and news served from Flipboard (which you can remove entirely). Currently, Bixby home integrates with a few third-party apps, too. Spotify, Twitter, Uber, Giphy, Facebook, CNN, and Foursquare all can pipe in data to the Bixby Home app if they're installed on your device. Of note: Bixby Home by default can run from your lockscreen, though Samsung does disable cards that might contain personally identifying information like your contacts or calendar. Bixby Home does look kind of nice, so there's that, but I just don't see anybody using this. Google Now is helpful for the deep insights it has about your habits and interests based on the fact that Google knows an insanely creepy amount about what you do on the internet. Samsung will probably never be able to get that deep. Then, we've got Bixby Reminders. Bixby Reminders is exactly what it sounds like: you can set a reminder to do something, including based on a time or location. There are roughly, I don't know, a billion apps and services out there that do this much more robustly and with far more powerful features. I don't see any reason to care about Bixby Reminders unless you're a big fan of Bixby Home, which is where you will be able to find said Bixby Reminders. Finally, there's Bixby Vision. You use it by opening the camera app and pressing the Bixby Vision button. Right now, Bixby Vision can identify wine. I tried a bottle, it didn't work. Bixby Vision can also identify text for translation. That's kind of nice. Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. And it can read QR codes, because it's 2017 and we're still using those. So, yes, it really is just Google Goggles but kind of different (and worse?). You can probably safely ignore Bixby for now, but maybe voice commands will make it actually somewhat useful when they do arrive. Try not to hit the button accidentally, though - I'm doing it all the time and it's getting kind of annoying. Snap window Snap windows is an interesting attempt by Samsung to make Android's splitscreen functionality suck less when you're using it to watch video. Let's say you're watching something in YouTube but you also want to keep texting someone without interrupting your video. You could use Android's built-in splitscreening to do this, but every time you pop out the keyboard in the chat app, your video is going to get pushed around and interrupted and reload constantly. It's a bad experience, and kind of shows just what a sorry state multitasking really still is in on the platform.    Snap window is a band-aid, of sorts, on that problem. With your video player open and the video in view (in portrait mode), open the multitasking UI and the card for the video app should have a third icon to the left of the splitscreen button. Hit that, and you're given a crop interface. Move the rectangle over the area where the video is playing, adjust the size if necessary, and hit "done." At this point, the video will "pin" to the top of the screen, and the lower part of the interface becomes the app switcher. Pick an app, and you're off and running - the video won't move at all even if you pop out the keyboard, and plays back smoothly. I have no idea how this really works, but Samsung clearly understood that video was a pain point in the Android splitscreen experience, and this makes it much better. I can't say I'll use it, but given all that vertical screen space on the S8+, I'm sure someone wants to know about this. Snap window works with any app, of course, but video is the most obvious application. Dual audio Thanks to Bluetooth 5.0, the Galaxy S8 can transmit the same audio to two pairs of Bluetooth audio devices at once. This could be great for watching movies or listening to music on a plane together, for example. I tested it, and it works. Samsung does note that because you only get one volume slider to adjust on the phone, the output level to each connected Bluetooth device will probably vary, and you'll need to adjust the device volume for individual control. Still, it's pretty cool. Separate app sound This is another one I found digging around in Samsung's labyrinthine settings menu: a new feature called separate app sound. I know, this sounds boring, but hold on - it may actually solve a problem that's been bugging you for years. Streaming music over Bluetooth is convenient, but it does tend to come with a catch: your device can't play any other media audio when you're streaming music, because that'll pause the player app. So if you want to play a game or watch a video silently on your phone while you're streaming tunes to a Bluetooth speaker or headphones, you can't - there's only one media channel. This fixes that. Once separate app sound is enabled, you can select one app and make it the exclusive media audio provider to a connected Bluetooth device. So, if you want to make sure Play Music is coming through your Bluetooth speaker, pick the Play Music app and select the Bluetooth device, and only that app will be allowed to send media audio to that speaker while this setting is enabled. (Notification audio, unfortunately, is not blocked - that will still come through.) But, now you can open up YouTube, a game, or browse the web on phone while Play Music is going without worrying about pausing your Bluetooth stream, as all other media audio will play directly through the device speaker instead. This is a pretty decent idea. Other changes I've got some smaller features and changes I discovered, and I'll list them out here. Fingerprint scanner can be set to pull down the notification shade and, from the home screen, to launch Samsung Pay by swiping up. Face unlock mode Always-on display mode has some very slight aesthetic tweaks. That's really it. The software changes versus the current GraceUX OS on the GS7 and S7 edge are pretty minor. General UI (launcher, notifications, lockscreen, navigation keys) The notification tray is essentially unchanged from the current version of Samsung's skin running on a Galaxy S7, though the launcher is all-new version of TouchWiz Home that uses a swipe-up (or down, actually) app drawer a la Pixel. Samsung has also implemented some kind of ape on launcher shortcuts, but they're not really launcher shortcuts - they're just a bunch of actions you can take on the icon. For example, you can multi-select icons in the launcher, remove a shortcut, sleep an app, uninstall it, or go to the info screen. It's kind of handy, really, but I'm not sure it could easily coexist with Android's app shortcuts - the list of items would get really long. In lieu of Google Now, the TouchWiz launcher has a pane for Bixby home to the left of the first homescreen. Yay.    Like me, you're probably going to toss off that stock launcher almost immediately, so I won't dive in too deep. It seems like a fine launcher as OEM launchers go, but if you want any kind of customization, you've still got to go third party. The recent apps menu is the same as you'll find on any up to date S7, and the lockscreen has seen a slight visual refresh, though still offers the same shortcuts for the dialer, Samsung Pay, and the camera app. Of note: Samsung takes a more conservative approach with whether or not it will stretch apps into "full-screen" mode on this new, longer display. There's an area in the settings menu where you can force toggle apps to display in the full UI space, as I've noticed many, even some Google apps, are not set to by default. I forced this on for all my apps and haven't had any issues, but your mileage may vary. Software: Opinion I really don't mind GraceUX. Samsung doesn't mess with stock Android too much these days from a strictly functional perspective. I don't like that I have to disable some things like Samsung's app sleeping, touch sounds, or navigation button order - but here's the thing: I can. There are very few things which I cannot change about the software experience on the Galaxy S8 that are genuine annoyances. Don't like the launcher? Throw on a new one. Don't care for Bixby? Ignore it. Almost every potential software negative on this phone is either easily replaced or simply kept out of sight and out of mind.    Throw on your own launcher, set up Samsung Pay, and try to ignore that you'll probably be seeing "7.0" on this screen for a while - that's my advice. Meanwhile, Samsung adds genuinely useful features like Samsung Pay, screen modes, its dual audio Bluetooth feature, game modes, fingerprint scanner gestures, face recognition, a system-level audio EQ, tons of various configuration options, and more all packaged in what is probably the most technologically advanced smartphone on sale right now. That's not small potatoes. The one sticking point for me, though, is the Android version. The Galaxy S8 ships with Android 7.0, already a version and change behind. Samsung seems to have no interest in changing its approach to platform updates, and that's disappointing. I guess we'll see how they handle things with the S8 and S8+, but I don't have my hopes up. Additionally, while performance is decent out of the gate, I really think we should be demanding more. "Almost as good as the Pixel" is not huge praise considering this phone runs a next-generation chipset and renders the OS at a fraction the resolution a Pixel does. These aren't small concerns for the enthusiast set, but I don't think they're at all fatal to the phones. They're just worth considering. Value In essence, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ retail for $750 and $850, respectively, here in the US. That's a chunk of change more than an LG G6, though that phone does only come with 32GB of storage and features an older chipset. I think that considering the advanced display, processor, and level of quality Samsung is delivering, the prices are totally justifiable. Now, that doesn't mean they're not expensive phones - they are. Really, really expensive phones. But the standard S8 to me is more the competitor to the G6 and Pixel XL, while the S8+ sort of stands on its own as a direct challenge to the iPhone 7 Plus. Many people may not find the size of the S8+ very practical - it really is quite tall. Samsung phones also mean a glut of accessory choices for things like cases, full compatibility with any US carrier (including advanced network features), and more attention from 3rd-party developers in terms of ensuring apps run as they should. These aren't trivial things, even if they may not often go into the traditional smartphone value assessment. Is there nearly $300 more hardware in a Galaxy S8 than a OnePlus 3T? Of course not. But that's not really the question anyone is seriously asking. I think Samsung is charging a pretty penny for the S8 and S8+, but I also think they're doing more to convince the average consumer than, say, Google, that the price of admission is actually worth it. Conclusion The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are great smartphones, I have no doubt of this. Are they great smartphones for everyone? That's a question that, as an Android enthusiast myself, I have a harder time sounding decisive answering. I really like the Infinity Display. I like the very good battery life. I don't mind GraceUX - it's fine! I like the cameras, I like the quality of the phone itself, and I like the new software navigation keys. I have a harder time accepting the update situation and the already-slightly-shaky performance. These things give me genuine pause. But if they don't concern you - and they may well not - it's hard to find truly major faults with these phones. Samsung has done an excellent job building upon and refining the formula that it... built upon and refined with the S7 and S7 edge. The S8+ is probably a little big for most people, but I like that Samsung is offering a "real" big phone in its mainstream lineup. And if you don't want a "big" phone, the standard S8 really is very manageable. Samsung has built two excellent smartphones with the S8 and S8+. We're awarding both the S8 and S8+ our editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade as well. Whether or not that gets you excited really comes down to what you value in a phone. For me? I'm still pretty happy with my Pixel XL. But if I was shopping today, I'd give the S8, or the S8+, a long, hard look. Tags galaxy 8 review galaxy s8 review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Pay and PayPal join forces to open new doors for contactless payments ... Next Story Remove Airplane Passenger is the game United really doesn't need right now Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Samsung has also implemented some kind ape" Curious George? David Ruddock Thanks - fixed. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here's another one for you. "Bixby Home does look kind of us nice" I'm available as a part-time copy editor. David Ruddock Can you tell I was in a bit of time crunch? haha. Thanks again. Pete Smith Its the first GS8 review I came across so got my eyeballs, your effort was worth it! Marty Just for interest since you used Geekbench, my Honor 8 got this score. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4b179b912ffc406ee06b6dff18a2017929f27362c4f2d6b7945c1341904cf980.png Mark Whelan my Mate 9 scored 1859 single core 6474 multi-core I still think the battery life is going to be just average on these new Samsung phones on the Snapdragon chipset...I get a solid 36 hours out of my phone with 8 hrs screen time. S8+ will get 5 hours most likely on a 15 hr day...and badly needing the charger.... What's the point of a QHD screen if you ship it running 1080p? Marty My opinion is that Huawei's going to displace Samsung as the top Android OEM since they are making such good phones. iKon Agreed, Huawei are slowly climbing up, they already in top 3 and it won't take long to get past apple. Anon probably in just a year or 2 to overtake Apple. It will still take quite a while to displace Samsung. 4 years? Marty If Sammy keeps languishing with their mobile division, it won't take 4 years. Samsung's software, while brimming with features, just isn't good. The only software Sammy has put out that's above and beyond anything else in its class is an app: Samsung Internet Beta. Dubs816 lmaoooooo dickchao Yeah these guys are delusional lol Marty By the way, the resolution is selectable. I'm pretty sure the S8 wouldn't be locked to FHD. Steve McQueen Love my Mate 9. Getting 8-9 hours of SOT is pretty nice. And I love not having to worry about battery life even during a 20 hour day. Stu Would you recommend this phone? I'm thinking of grabbing it the next time it's on sale. Marty Absolutely. It's one of the best phones I've ever owned. It's gorgeous, superbly made, feels good in the hand and is probably the fastest phone I've used. The fingerprint scanner is amazingly quick. The phone works so well too. If you don't mind an Android phone more similar to an iPhone, this is it. The system pretty much looks more like an iPhone than any Android. But it doesn't lack features like an iPhone would. My opinion why the Honor 8 hasn't received the fanfare it deserves has to do with religious hatred of Apple and the iPhone by Android enthusiasts. They can be quite irrational. Anything that even hints of iOS is likely to be shunned no matter how good the device is. I got the 64GB blue one and have been smiling since. And get a Spigen case for it if you get one. The Spigen really enhances the beauty of the Honor 8 while protecting it. m477 I like iOS. I really don't like cheap copies of it, and some of the common chinese-OEM software solutions, like a pre-installed, intrusive cleaner. I hate bullshit like that. Marty I wouldn't call EMUI on the Honor 8 a cheap copy of iOS. But it sounds like you have a gripe against the Honor 8. m477 I'm just calling EMUI what it is. It's clearly meant to mimic iOS, and it has some very questionable design choices. I have nothing against Huawei's hardware, I own a P9 lite. Marty Yeah, well I don't see a problem with it. It isn't iOS. It definitely runs quick. Smoothest, fastest Android yet. m477 My problem it's that I find it ugly to look at, compared to other interface, and I really don't like that it tries so hard to mimic iOS. To each their own. Marty Like how Samsung tries so hard to copy the iPhone. But, that's how it goes... Marty You know something? I used to listen to people like you about the Honor 8 before I finally decided to do an impulse buy and get one. Things that people like you say kept me from taking a chance on it. I'm glad I did an impulse buy because it turns out to be one of the best phones I've ever owned. It isn't nearly like what people like you say about it. I've already said that Android enthusiasts raise objection to the Honor 8 for whatever reasons, but the general public will love this device because it is that good. All people have to do is disregard the "Android enthusiast" rhetoric about it and give it a go. D13H4RD2L1V3 EMUI 5 is pretty good. Tried it on a Mate 9 along with its Pro variant and it does zip past screens without effort. Sure, its aesthetics are questionable but it is much improved. m477 Good for you. I'm not an Android enthusiast as much as a tech enthusiast. My daily driver is an iPhone, and I've tried most of the various Android UIs (even ColorOS and MIUI). In my opinion EMUI design wise is one of the most derivative. I don't like the fact that is a copy mostly because it seems to be screaming "I want to be an iPhone but I'm not". It got much better with the fifth version, and it will not get in your way (most of the time, at least). It's obviously still Android under the hood. Most Huawei phones are overall good, but you can't deny that software design is not their forte. A normal user will be fine with that. I personally just don't like copycats. Marty Comparing EMUI to Touchwiz, I'd say Huawei is an expert on software. Meaning EMUI is way better than Samsung's junky software. My Honor 8...the software experience...feels refined and high quality compared to many other Android systems. If anyone wants the truth about it, just give an Honor 8 a try. Update it to EMUI 5/Android 7 and use it daily. It's impressive. This is coming from someone who has a great many phones and has experienced many more. I can list all the phones I've owned and have used and this Honor 8 is the finest of them. m477 The hate on Touchwiz/GraceUX is a little more than a meme right now. Design wise it's not that bad, actually. Every modern, highly specced phone is a good phone (with a few exceptions), and will be "impressive" in daily usage. It's mostly a matter of preference. Marty Heh...so if someone who has a significant number of modern devices sees one of them stand out as impressive, it means nothing? Like you say, "to each, their own". Michaels_28 EMUI = Spyware. I tossed out my Honor 8. It was a good phone for the price I paid ($350 with a promo) but if I had to do it again I would avoid it. Having said that, the reason why Huawei is not selling their affordable phones like hotcakes in the U.S. is not because of irrational hatred. It's because of 1) national security interest, and 2) patents. If you remember the length Apple went after Samsung because of "rectangles with rounded corners," then you should be able to picture the legal barrier Huawei (or anyone really) is facing. Marty If the government was concerned about national security, Obama would never have been president. m477 If you can stand EMUI, which is a cheap copy of the iPhone's interface, and some of the crappy software solutions, it's a good phone. Cakefish Galaxy S7 w/Exynos 8890 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d012918ef89a330af9de9ee732fbd0c60a69cebc2441f666b62a620328a3c72c.png MJ "...already-slightly-shaky performance." LOL Someday Samsung, someday. I really like look of the phone but the fingerprint scanner location (and shape) is really tragic and a no go. Toss3 Pretty sure that's just the 835 slowing things down, as the exynos version I tried was buttery smooth (smoother than my tweaked exynos S7). There are always going to be some slowdowns, but in the case of the S-series most of it can be linked back to the Snapdragon SoCs. David Ruddock Plenty of OEMs make Snapdragon chips run perfectly smooth. It says far more about Samsung than it does Qualcomm. Toss3 Didn't mean to make it sound like there is anything wrong with Snapdragon SoCs; they just aren't a priority over at Samsung and if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version. Samsung is definitely to blame, but they do offer an alternative and it's always better to let people know that the Exynos version is the one to get. MJ The international version is not really an option in the US for most people. Warranty, Samsung Pay (that fixed yet?), and some type of payment plan are all big things. ericshmerick No wifi calling, no gogo pass functionality (on T-Mo). whispy_snippet "if you want a smooth experience, you need to get the international version" ...you need to get a different phone all together. MJ What? No... tu3218 Just use google smart Lock. I rarely need to use my fingerprint scanner on my S7 edge because of this. MJ I rarely use my phone at home and don't have a smartwatch so Smart Lock is of limited use to me. The fingerprint scanner is the best option for me and I am not buying the S8 so it doesn't really matter. tu3218 On body detection...this doesn't just apply to the s8. It's any phone. Just in case you were unaware of that feature. I know I always forget about that one. S8 does the best of everything besides the fingerprint scanner. Very easy to look over. m477 Is not easy to look over. Even budget phones have nailed the fingerprint reader. It's unacceptable that it sucks on a flagship. tu3218 I agree. Last minute terrible decision. It helps knowing that. Doesn't make it right though. TBD how bad it is when I get my s8. Smart Lock helps though. Rick Atherton it might just be me but every phone I've used the on body detection the phone always does stuff in my pocket so i always turn it off Scott It sucks they couldn't figure out how to put in under the display as they clearly wished they could. I just hope Apple has the same issue, or Samsung will have some serious egg on their face come iPhone time. MJ While the under the display fingerprint scanner would be cool tech I am not sure about having a permanent fingerprint smudge on my screen. LOL whispy_snippet A fingerprint sensor under the display makes perfect sense. I can't wait until every phone can do it well. MJ A fingerprint sensor under the display would be cool but NOT any more practical (I would argue LESS practical) than a sensor on the back (and less costly to implement). whispy_snippet Having owned a Pixel since launch I'd have to say I disagree. I love my phone. I think the Pixel is such a well rounded experience. But the one area I really think could be better is the fingerprint sensor placement. Sure, it's great when it's in my hand. But it's almost always on a desk in front of me - just like right now. If I want to quickly check something, I need to pick it up to use the fingerprint sensor or leave it on the table and swipe in my pattern. Sucky. If the fingerprint sensor was on the front this issue would be eliminated immediately. I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake - and I guess I can sorta understand this given Apple kicks up such a huge song and dance the moment anyone tries to do anything coming close to their approach. But fuck it. Just put it on the front and fight them I say. MJ A Pixel XL owner since launch myself. The fingerprint sensor is quick and accurate and my finger slides into place naturally. What is there not to like? I never could understand "the phone on the desk argument". Incoming text and call information shows right up on the lock screen. I can just double tab and put in my pin if really need to do interact but I would pick it up and use the fingerprint scanner just like any other time I use my phone. I mostly use my phone when on the go anyway which means it is in my pocket and a rear sensor works much better (and natural) than the front sensor on my former HTC 10 ever did. "I feel like putting fingerprint sensors on the back is just a way of being different to Apple for different's sake...". Huh? No... Again, I would argue a sensor on back just makes more sense and in the case of Google they have always used on-screen buttons so a single fingerprint reader on the front would just look stupid (aka see Moto) and also the Nexus 6P/5X had front facing speakers so the sensor had to go on the back. whispy_snippet The thing is, double tap to wake doesn't work reliably. It works maybe 75% of the time. Not bad, but when it lets you down it grates. In fact the same goes for Google's screen off voice unlock - it works maybe 60% of the time and this REALLY annoys me... but I digress. The fingerprint scanner on the back is great when it's in your hand but annoying when it's on a desk. A fingerprint scanner on the front is good in your hand and good on a desk. Ultimately, I think I'd prefer a consistently good user experience. I think a fingerprint sensor behind the display will be the end goal for every phone maker. In a couple of years I reckon everyone will be doing it. Bryan Breguet Fingerprint sensor on the back makes no sense to me and is an automatic dealbreaker. I truly hate it. Also, really, you don't understand the argument of when the phone is on your desk? Surely you are trolling. MJ I think people who think they can't use their phone because it's sitting on a desk and it has rear fingerprint scanner are trolling. Alejandro You can double tap the screen to read the notifications...No need to unlock the phone with the fingerprint sensor. Bryan Breguet You can double tap to read the notification, not the full email or even picture or whatever. Are you guys really that thick that you are trying to use this argument? You'll ultimately need to unlock the phone and therefore it means you won't use the fingerprint almost half the time. Scott You mean on your touchscreen? MJ Yes. whispy_snippet On the one hand, yes. I expect Apple will get the fingerprint scanner under the display right for their upcoming flagship. On the other hand if Apple comes out with a minimal bezel, curved edge display it's going to be a special moment for Samsung. Finally, Samsung will be able to say outright "You copied US, Apple" and they'll be right. m477 You hope that a competing product has some issue and the advanced technology that everyone want's will not be ready, so Samsung's sells won't be hindered? Do you own Samsung stocks or something? Scott Hell yeah I want the iPhone to faceplant. enoch861 I've switched my S7 Edge between UHD and HD and I've never really noticed a battery life difference between the two. My battery has been overall atrocious for some reason, but I can't find the perpetrator. Overall I'm not sure if I'll be upgrading even though the S8+ looks quite attractive. illregal Samsung cheap garbage mainstream phones for the followers TechGuy22 LOL illregal funny because it's true. 2kool4skool ...that will sell millions. illregal yeah, there are walmarts all over the place as well. Quantity sold is not a factor of quality. 2kool4skool Then what is the factor of quality in this case? Amount of raging fanboys in tech forums? Flagships cost a lot these days. The fact that tens of millions of people trust their hard earned money with Samsung devices might say something about its quality. illregal It actually says something about their inability to think for themselves. Their inability to know what the difference between devices is in the first place. Most people call android devices droids. or think samsung is the only company that even makes android devices. You're giving people to much credit. They are much more dumb than you assume. Plus they saw 4 commercials for samsung crap during their episode of dancing with the stars, so it has to be good right!?? 2kool4skool And how do you think Samsung able to get all over the place in the first place? Samsung mobile division also start with with a humble beginning like every other android oem company. Htc arguably was a bigger player in early android days. But Samsung has consistently able to give what people want until today, that's why it keeps growing and expanding and now you can see 4 commercial about it during episodes of dancing with the stars. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yes quantity is an indicator of quality. McDonald's doesn't make the best quality food, but they sell the most because it's the best and most consistent quality fast food. I say that as someone who would never eat there, too. You don't compare McDonald's to Ruth's Chris, because they're not in the same category. The S8 and S8+ will sell gazillions because they're the best quality flagship phones. illregal You just contradicted yourself. They will sell gazillions because they are all over the place, and people are bombarded with ads, and don't know any better. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Debating with you is a waste of time, but McDonald's is all over the place because people like the food. If nobody liked it, they couldn't open so many locations. Consumers love Samsung phones. Deal. illregal I know what people love.. Problem is I have to support their poor choices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I don't have to support your idiotic comments. You're blocked now. Suicide_Note Cheap? Nope. Garbage? Nope. Mainstream? Yes, but that's what happens when you sell tens of millions of devices. XDAMM Excuse me while I enjoy my gorgeously designed phone with the best display and top tier cameras, performance and battery life. Samsung's S series are indeed mainstream but they're not cheap and they are definitely not garbage. Their software could always improve and they could release major Android versions faster but their hardware game is just too strong and at least their software is usually stable and reliable (unlike previous Nexus phones and the Pixel which continue to be plagued by Bluetooth issues even months after release). I'd love having a consistent 60fps UI like the Pixel does but I won't sacrifice other software additions and considerably better hardware just for smoothness. illregal sweet pink display yo. sweet top tier, meaning not as good as some cameras yo. Performance, yo.. Enjoy your stutters. and average battery life. Cat Astrophy Enjoy your pocket explosive XDAMM Really? That was funny and relevant when the Note 7 was confirmed of having that issue but not anymore. If you think about it every battery powered device is a potential hazard but we don't usually worry about our Bluetooth headphones or laptops exploding even though that happens often. A few S8 will likely combust because statistically speaking it's nearly impossible to make a perfect phone, but its quite unlikely for that to become a widespread issue again. Jumanji! Be honest - do you work for Saygus? Middlefinger Compared to who? Google? Its phones are total junk, riddled with hardware and software faults, and over priced. TechGuy22 i'm buying S8+ used probably the exynos version so i can put AOSP on it Bewear That would have been considered a crazy idea some years ago. Time sure changes everything! 2kool4skool Always go with exynos version. Smother and more battery life. The only drawback is a bit weaker gpu than SD version, but meh, we're not going to play crysis on it anyway. TechGuy22 yeah i can't be with a locked down phone. Tech Writer The GPU is more powerful on exynos this time around. Toss3 "I would seriously worry about breaking this phone if I bought it. There is so much glass - Samsung phones essentially require cases." - Not sure I agree as the glass is pretty tough if the S7/S7 Edge are anything to go by. Only thing I didn't like about the S8 is the curvature on the front glass, as it is just too much and makes the display look distorted. Middlefinger I agree, plus the glass can be changed, whereas a metal unibody cant (as easily) and dents/ scratches much more easily. Ammar I just cannot decide between this and the Pixel XL. S8 is just a sultry, almost exotic looking device. But despite what the reviews will say, I doubt the performance and battery will be as consistent. jonathan If you want consistent performance and timely updates go for the pixel or wait for the next pixel, if you want a sexy device go with the S8. Me myself I always prefer the device with consitant performance and timely updates XDAMM I care more about a fast and responsive UI, fast app opening and switching and good gaming performance than 60FPS UI. Because of this, the better display, cameras, ingress protection rating, iris scanner, wireless charging and 64GB of (faster) storage by default there is just no comparison and I'll get the S8. The Pixel is an interesting proposition but it's not sold officially in my country and they have so many Bluetooth and battery related issues they're just not worth the asking price and trouble IMO. Rod http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif P. Sherman Bluetooth on Pixels are damn near UNUSABLE since launch. The fingerprint reader was rendered UNUSABLE in 7.1.2. Lags here and there are infinitely more acceptable than hardware failures, which apparently the Pixel is very good at. Rod I don't think inconsistent performance is acceptable on a > 720 bucks device. P. Sherman But it's still better than NON-PERFORMANCE. 2kool4skool The only thing I don't like from this otherwise great devices is the extra "Bixby" button. It kinda mess up the seamlessness of the device a little bit. But I don't think it's would be a significant upgrade from s7 edge, but I really like where Samsung is heading with these new devices, though. I'll wait for the next iteration, if the rumors are true, next galaxy s would probably feature an under-screen fingerprint scanner. It would make the device evn more seamless, they could get rid the home button entirely. One could only hope. Ome Dries Are the screenshots on the S8 square? That means it renders pixels the display can't even show, imagine how much performance & battery life they could've gained 2kool4skool Considering it renders 4262400 pixels by default, I don't think few pixels on the corners would make that much of a difference. create812 Stock Android or bust. Also, what's the deal with Project Fi? Can any phone with the proper radios take advantage of a Project Fi SIM, or does Goog only allow "approved" phones? Marty Only Nexii and the Pixels. create812 I think I saw a video early in the Project Fi days of a Samsung phone having a Fi SIM in it, and it partially worked (only worked with one of the carriers). I'm wondering what the current status of this is. Can someone pop a Fi SIM into their S8 and figure out what happens? Max Apparently we can also include now Nokia phones. raazman Can't wait to see what they're gonna do. OligarchyAmbulance Nokias are supposed to work on Fi? Max Not at the moment, but the rumor mill is that they want to be "the next Nexus" so depending on their relationship with Google that could be the case in the future. Just a guess based on rumors so take it with a grain of salt. FeelThePoveR Or OnePlus. (Or custom roms in my case) Roy No. OnePlus tow don't got any nougat Defenestratus What is stock android these days? I don't even know. EvilHowl AOSP Eric Abreu You can use a Project Fi sim card with other phones, but you'll only have access to the T-Mobile network. I think that you'll also need to activate the sim card on a Nexus or Pixel device before moving it to a non-Google device 2kool4skool "Stock Android or bust." You're missing out so many great phones out there. raazman What's so great about them? Mike Limited bezels is a good start. Realistically, to keep this short it would be more what's so great about stock phones: 1. Fast Updates 2. Quicker UI 3. ........ That's about it. raazman Quicker UI? I beg to differ. Fast updates? Um what? Not even remotely close. Mike You need to read the entire comment to get what I'm saying. Unless you are, in fact, saying that Samsung's phones will get quicker updates than Pixel phones. raazman Oh, oops. I replied to 2kool4skool. I already know Google's Nexus Pixels are better in both regards. Mike And that's also where it ends in terms of what does stock offer over other Android phones. raazman Opinions I guess, because I differ on that stance. Mike Other than the two things I named, name something stock Android does better than a phone Samsung/LG released. FeelThePoveR Customizability which is the main point of android I guess. Middlefinger Whos updates? Googles or Samsungs? Recent events should tell you that rushing to install whatever Google pushes out isnt always a good thing. 2kool4skool They don't have endless problems like pixel and pixel xl for a start. raazman Ummm...you sure buddy? LG? Samsung TouchWiz? Which phones are we talking about here? And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced. Mike Ah, the good old "My ____ is working fine so obviously there's no issues at all". Hearing this always makes me appreciate what we've become. raazman I just commented saying I've seen this trend since the S3 among friends and family, calm down. Mike "And my Pixel XL has not had a problem yet. So I'm not convinced." Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Nobody who owns a Pixel XL has a problem with it. Except those who do. 2kool4skool I don't know man, I tend to believe tech sites like this more than the trend among your friends and family. And this site talks a lot about pixel problems. The last one was 2 days ago about some pixels losing fingerprint scanner functionality after latest update, look it up. raazman How about note 7 explosions? TouchWiz lag? And now it seems like the S8 screen has color issues. 2kool4skool Here we go again with "my phone might have a lot of problems, but at least it doesn't explode" argument. Note 7 is dead, and people get their money back, so it literally cost people 0$. How much pixel cost? 800$? Stop comparing 0$ phone to 800$ one. raazman Haha you're delusional if you think the galaxies don't have issues. 2kool4skool I never think or said that. All phones have issues including galaxies. But it's the first time I see devices (pixel and pixel xl) with so much problems that continously popped up and being featured on Android sites for almost every two weeks. Roy Because everybody want to hear about Pixel so even it's a little bunch of users let's make a headlight. Rod Actually, many people lost $ due to cases and other accessories not being refunded. Middlefinger Never seem this mythical lag, the Note was bad, but a one off, this screen colour seems like a first batch issue like all devices have. The Pixel is just riddled with faults even the newest batch. Remember the N5 was redesigned because the first run was so poor, the N7 had terrible screen quality problems and slow NAND, HTCs have had multiple camera issues, the iPhone also had screen issues, Sony had battery issues. Its common. Rod How about this one? http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Middlefinger Right, first release software (or even pre-release). Ive seen just as bad on a Nexus at release, if not worse. My Samsungs have never exhibited anything like that. Rod I've had 3 Nexus, and never saw anything like that either. Middlefinger Ive had 5, all had some lag, I returned 2 because they were poor quality. Roy Not really he was talking also about 6p and shocking it's smooth as ever. Most of the users don't have this problems. Middlefinger Samsung sell hundreds of millions of phones, Google has sold about 12 Pixels.. OK an exaggeration, but the point remains. If you sell more, a LOT LOT more, then problems seem more common, but as a percentage they arent. 2kool4skool And out of 12 pixels sold, 9 have problems. 9/12, needs more bugs. - IGN Rashad Actually, 9/12=.75 7.5 = Good -IGN Roy Not really. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Correction: HTC has shipped about 2 million Pixels and Pixel XLs since launch 6 months ago. Samsung has 20 million S8/S8+ phones ready for launch. Middlefinger and will sell more than 2 million in the first day. Nexus/pixel sales have always been poor, just like the product. Roy My 6p also no problem. illregal Samsungs have more hardware and software issues than everyone else combined. raazman Since the S3, yes this is what I've personally seen among friends and family. 2kool4skool Lol, who are we kidding here? You can find bunch of articles about pixel problems on this site. Last article I read was 2 days ago about some pixels lost ability to set up fingerprint scanner after latest update. Roy Haha but it isn't true my 6p rocking with a great fingerprint scanner. Middlefinger I think the Pixel has that crown now. I have had zero problems with any of my Samsungs, ive returned all my Nexus devices due to faults and poor quality. create812 I know, but stock Android, fast updates, and compatibility with Fi are my top priorities. Roy Not really. Not looking for junk. Defenestratus Picking up my S8+ on Friday - despite Bixby stupidity. I'm praying that the community figures out how to disable it. I currently have a Nexus 6P that constantly infuriates me. The pixel was not a value proposition that I was convinced was worth it - and I doubt the Pixel 2 will be either if they stick with the old, tired form factors and tiny screen sizes. So S8+ is what I'm left with. We'll see if it leads to user angst or not. I'm trying my best to be optimistic. Jay If it can be disabled by a package disabler, I'll be happy. I think. catalysto Early rumors say Pixel 2 will have a much smaller bezel like the other phones coming out this generation. I wouldn't make any assumptions yet. 2kool4skool If Google wanted smaller bezel for their pixel 2, they gonna need to pick some company other than Htc to do their devices. Htc simply can't manufacture a phone with small bezel or water resistant because their manufacturing process is outdated. catalysto Who says Google won't do that? 2kool4skool I never said, that. In fact, I think It would be cool if they go with Motorola this year. illregal their manufacturing process isn't outdated. They just care. They mill out unibody designs from a solid block. Which takes time and effort. Unlike samsung, who just stamps out garbage, quantity quantity quantity. 2kool4skool Have you seen their latest device, htc u? It's enormous in size, but only has 3000mah battery. It's thick af, yet it still has a very protuding camera. It doesn't even have audio jack, water resistance, and wireless charging yet yet it still cost an arm and leg. If that's what you mean by care, I can't imagine how much shittier their device would be if they made if without care. Jay There might be a few more compromises here than I originally thought but it's too late to cancel my pre-order. Now I don't know whether I should even bother. 😕 Thanks for this uncertainty now, David. (Partially kidding..) 4Ui812 I see the red tint in most pics. AC has a story about that problem with some phones in Korea . Is the bootloader locked down like with the S7E ? http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s8-displays-red-discoloration-764692/ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2550b567c5a3bd243534cc66e251d0edbb770bd373e83a7961b5012e2e49c482.jpg Marty Holy shit! The HTC S8. 2kool4skool Probably just some devices with miscalibrated screen, for now can be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. But they'll probably fix it via OTA later. Samsung introduced new screen calibration setting on nougat, you can set the intensity of each of RGB pixels to meet your desired color balance. Here's setting screenshot on my s7 edge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png illregal You can't fix poor screen quality with an OTA. If you lower a setting to calibrate a device via an update. The ones without the issue will then be more off. It's not a matter of adjustments, its a matter of poor qc and not yielding consistent products. 2kool4skool How it's "poor screen quality"? It's not hardware problem. Just some minor adjustments via OTA, and it will be fixed. If you're asking how they're gonna fix it without ruining other devices, the answer is the same way Google fixes pixels with Bluetooth problem without ruining the ones that's function just fine. It's software problem, they're gonna figure something out. FeelThePoveR It may as well be a hardware problem, because why couldn't it be? 2kool4skool I highly doubt that, because as I said before the problem can simply be solved by lowering red pixel intensity in setting. Galaxy s screens has always feature calibration setting as a feature, probably it's just some sloppy written code messing up with the setting. And if that's the case, it would be fixable via OTA. Take my answer with a grain of salt, though. Because we still need confirmation from Samsung if that's indeed the case. This is merely the logical answer I can think of for this problem. catalysto Is calibration the problem? Because software cannot calibrate a screen without being able to see it. So no, an OTA would not be able to fix that. The screen must be calibrated at the factory. 2kool4skool Software doesn't necessarily needs to see the screen in this case. Samsung can get their hands on the affected device, tweak it and figure which screen batch affected, and send tweaked software to all devices via OTA. Your comment does make sense, though. Unless Samsung can figure out which devices affected and need for fix, users probably will have to resort to the last option, go to setting and tweak it themselves manually. illregal what I'm saying is.. You can't push out an ota to adjust the screen calibration. Because how is that OTA gonna pick n choose which ones need the adjustment and which ones don't. It's a hardware issue. Samsung makes garbage. 2kool4skool They don't necessarily have to send out an OTA that needs to pick which ones need adjustment and which ones don't. They can just send an OTA that works for both as intended. But whatever, you can believe what you want to. I merely stated what I think a logical answer for this problem. Middlefinger You can if its due to a setting. HTC managed to get rid of a huge red blob in the middle of the HD2 camera with an update. Plenty, like you, assumed it was a hardware fault. Rod The problem is, if those devices already have those values maxed out. 2kool4skool Actually, rather than fixed values, these RGB settings act more like percentage values. Meaning you can set them lower and it wouldn't make a difference unless one value is bigger than another. It's hard to describe but I'll include another screenshot. The result would be the same even if you lower those values as long as it's on the same level. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2788b47dbae19707db41c131c25f545abf51fe7ac923621517261397b1c4390b.png same as https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/78c23a79995e1f76d6daf742ac05cc0f8893b2871459eeb4cdfec41c6eef2872.png Rod Yeah, I know. That value was arbitrary. Though now I'd like to know from Ruddock himself what were the default values in his review unit. 2kool4skool Yeah, and apparently some screens might interpret those values differently / inaccurately, hence the problem. And if that's correct, an OTA fix should be logically possible. That's all what I was saying. Rod I hope so. But all OLED panels I've seen to this date, has screen tint of some color. Either red or green. 2kool4skool Can't deny that. Some OLED panels, especially the lower end ones are struggling to produce a balanced color, it's usually most noticeable while viewing white color. That's why IPS screens usually produce better whites than oleds. But oleds produce deeper black than IPS. In the end, each have strength and weaknesses. Get what you prefer. Rod Yeah. I, for one, prefer pure white. Can't stand the reddish whites on the S8 reviewed here. C Lo Who doesn't enjoy buying a $900 device and then having to fix it yourself. Sounds like a swell situation to me. /s 2kool4skool Nobody said that. It sucks that this problem happens. We're just discussing possible fix for it, not trying to disregard the problem itself. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Pinkgate. Rod https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ https://cnet4.cbsistatic.com/img/wdpXe9TcHb700WdDoryWeeQRgBc=/2017/04/18/20260318-f9bb-43e3-8a46-f198a6b88ccf/capture.png Badelhas A phone made entirely out of glass? lol. No, thanks. 4Ui812 There are metal parts inside 😁 Badelhas That's why it's not transparent, then! 😊 m477 I can't say I actually care the phone renders in 1080p by default, I'll take the extra battery life. Tests have demonstrated that using lower then native resolutions has no appreciable benefit to the battery. What you gain is a more stable FPS count. dabug91 Exactly, there may be a slight difference if you're constantly playing games, but regardless of whether you're in 1080p or 1440p mode, every single one of those pixels on the screen is still turned on and using the same amount of power other than pure black. makapav You will only recover energy saved on CPU and GPU cycles that would otherwise have been used for rendering those extra pixels. Morten Ulv Wont those just be used at giving you higher FPS? Either way, I guess the point was that the difference is negligible. Abhishek Saral So like if I run a 4K XPS 15 on 1080P resolution. Will I see a battery improvement? Tech Writer Not much at all. On the other hand, if you get the 1080p XPS 15, it will last much longer. Most of the higher power consumption of higher res screens comes from the panel itself. Changing render resolution doesn't change this, unless you do native res 3D rendering or play games. David Ruddock Alright, that may well be. I'll adjust to "performance." D13H4RD2L1V3 Probably the only savings you'd get is from the processor not needing to drive a lot more pixels. It's usually quite minimal at best, imperceptibly so at worst. Rod 1080p vs 1440p when drawing 2D is a non-issue, actually. godutch It's less calculations though, gpu is less used and can clock lower m477 The impact of the GPU on the battery is very, very small, unless graphically intensive games are in use. End even then, the difference between 1440p and 1080p is not that big. DanSan I pre-ordered the GS8+. Coming from the Nexus 6, this seemed to be my best option even after playing with both phones extensively the day after they were announced. I'm going to miss my Nexus experience but honestly I'm tired of being a beta tester for Googles software. Past couple of months my N6 has been almost useless at times, freezing doing basic tasks. I don't care about locked bootloaders or rooting anymore, I just want to be able to tweak a few things to my liking and have a phone that just.... works. Max If you're picky then there's a very high chance that you will regret moving to a Samsung phone if you are looking for "a phone that just... works". Samsung software has many annoyances for people accustomed to the Google Android experience. demarcmj This. Every time I try to help a family member with their galaxy device I get really frustrated trying to figure out how the damn thing works. DanSan I assume thats because you're going from stock android to Samsung experience, I can understand the confusion Zsolt V And hundreds of millions of people have no such problems. Interesting. DanSan Totally agree with you but doing simple things now are a pain for me. I just want to unlock it and take a picture or text somebody. easy and simple. catalysto Not sure what the problem is on yours. Mine can open the camera instantly with a power button double-press. DanSan That may be true, time will tell. I have an iPhone 6S as a work device, I end up using that because my Nexus 6 has become so bad. Even after a factory wipe. I will take any kind of change Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ We have two iPhone 6S phones in our family. They both "just work" unless there's an iOS update waiting. After updating, they both "just work" again. I have to wonder if some of the apps update before the OS does, and that's why the problems occur when the update hasn't yet been applied. Just a guess. Suhas I switched to S6 Edge+ eighteen months ago from a N5 after being a loyal Nexus user since the Galaxy Nexus. Surprisingly, it was the best decision ever. Back in the day I used to root, flash custom ROMs and tinker with the phone a lot which I ain't bothered to do so anymore. Also the Nexus kept failing on me in certain areas (Bluetooth, memory leaks, sub-par speakers, camera, battery etc.) and I got fed up. The S6 Edge+ was worth the price and it has been an amazing phone. Can't wait to get my hands on the S8! Switch and you will not regret. DanSan I'm pumped but definitely going to be a learning curve when it comes to samsung settings and what not. But i think we were in the same boat, just tired of tweaking and tinkering to get it to do what i want. Even now I have to make excuses for how bad my phone is, granted its a few years old but I'm over it. Gjorgi Lazarovski well you made the wrong choice going with a Samsung device, since "nothing" works on them. You always get the weirdest bug reports from Samsung users. They have issues with a bunch of apps. 2kool4skool Lol if you're talking about bugs, look no further than pixel and pixel xl. You can find bunch of articles about problems with these devices on this site. You have problems ranging from Bluetooth issue, camera halo / lens flare, dodgy connection, fingerprint issue, etc etc, I lost track. Do your research. Gjorgi Lazarovski I was talking about apps compatibility, but yeah Rod Correct. https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Rod Welcome aboard. http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Roy My 6p doing the best job until today and still rocking, very smooth and very consist software. Just love it. Heiro78 i never planned on using the fingerprint sensor so thats not an issue. I would only use this along with the other biometric security features if I could have all of them turned on and required to unlock the device. im wondering if the double press home to open the camera is still functional. im guessing not. EvilHowl Yes, it works Heiro78 Cool thanks, i assume you're talking about the double press on the home for the camera shortcut. EvilHowl Yep Chippah Peckas Fresh360 So. Many. WORDS! I LOVE IT! zooster Gemme an on screen fingerprint scanner, a 18:9 screen (not 18,5:9, too long), shave off upper and bottom bezel by some millimeter more, add stereo speakers, dual camera, quick charge 4 and a battery somewhat larger... Then I'll but it ☺️ plexabyte What is this, the Turing Cadenza? Jaime does anybody know if the galaxy s8 has the At&t logo on the back? can't find any image of it (which is great!), but I don't want to be disappointed when my phone arrives with an ugly logo on it's back. wests It does not. The Rebrand Nation From laggy touchwiz 5 of the galaxy s5 to near perfect smasung experience 8.1 Not bad for 4 years FeelThePoveR Considering that OnePlus rose from nothing to the company they are today in 4 years and the fact that Samsung is supposed to be the top player with highest development budget of all, it's pretty bad. Bob Marley They didn't rise from nothing. They have the funding and resources of Oppo, a major smartphone player, behind their back. FeelThePoveR They had to build their "brand" from nothing and their success is impressive, becouse at least where I live people prefer to buy things from known brands even if it's not the best bang for buck, as they don't trust the newcomers. Middlefinger But Oneplus phones still have boatloads of issues and very dubious quality, both hardware and software. FeelThePoveR Boatloads of issues? I wouldn't say so, every device has it's quirks but OnePlus is really good at listening to the community and fixing them. Dubious quality? 1+3 and 1+3T are the fastest Snapdragon 820 and 821 devices ever for half of the price of other comperable devices so what about that is so dubious? Maybe camera is not a top notch one but it's good anyway, certainly good enough for the price. Middlefinger Build quality, and reliability is the problem. I'm a regional manager for a electronics service/retail company, we get a lot back, they just aren't made very well. FeelThePoveR Well I've seen a couple from the inside and they seemed really neatly designed/put together and besides even phones from the "old players" could cause more trouble then 1+ ones i.e. LG with its loose components on the motherboard causing bootlops, Samsung Note 7 burning battery or my oldy HTC M7 purple camera tint issue. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ From feature-free stock Android to Nougat with split screen. Not bad for 4 years. Middlefinger Really it was done in 1 year. The S5 wasnt good, but the S6 was in a different league. The S7 and S8 have just been refinements really. Rod Near perfect? http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Nishant i guess this would be a great upgrade from my Galaxy S3!!! :) Cat Astrophy So what you're saying...is that this phone is THE BOMB? Typical Samsung. I like my phones non-explodey. My name is…. biased, as always. You call this phone pricey? Then what is Pixel? DanSan There is a difference between being pricey for the sake of being pricey (read: Pixel) and being pricey because you have the best spec available. lomsha Yep at least this looks and feels like an $850 phone. Gjorgi Lazarovski Why biased tho? They called out the Pixel for it's price too, wtf. Like, everyone did. David Ruddock I don't know, maybe read our review? "Price: There's no way around it, the price points are high. iPhone high. And you're going to be hard-pressed to convince the value-obsessed that there's nearly $800 of smartphone in a Pixel XL." http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/10/18/google-pixel-review-a-very-good-phone-by-google/ My name is…. Pixel is a dud, worst value for money ever. You should have been far more negative for Pixel than you were. Sweet talking it doesn't change things. Just because you mention that the price was high, doent meant that you shouldnt have angrily bashed it (if you were a subjective reviewer) And no, S8 doesn't ask a lot. Its a true flagship with the appropriate price. 1+3 owner here. 2kool4skool Shhh... Pixels have G logo on their back. That alone worth the $200. Seriously though, pixels are often get too many undeserved praises (just my opinion) in tech sites, probably because it's the "nerds and purists" devices, which make up most of tech sites target audience. It even got best phone of the year award if I'm not mistaken despite the fact it doesn't have a lot of features a $800 phones should have anf it's infested with bugs and problems even until this day. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All Google phones get undeserved praise, especially on Android sites. The reason for that should be self-evident. It's self-preservation. Defenestratus It's just a dang shame that you aren't on the editorial payroll at AP. Just a dang shame I tell ya. Max Big comment fail... Both are pricey and both were called for it. Middlefinger Still hung up on updates i see. Is Googles 7.1.whatever really any better than 7.0 with Samsungs mods? Whats the difference? Whats the advantage? In reality, there isnt any. Samsung doesnt run stock android, and isnt bound by Googles mods, or Googles fixes. It can do its own, and that may mean having a slightly lower number in the settings, but it has no negative effect on the security or experience. Other OEMs are the same LG never used 4.4.3 or 4.4.4 on the G2 or 3, but had al the fixes and updates they needed, because the Google updates were device specific and not necessary. Benjamin Walburn It might not make a difference for bugs and security flaws, but certain APIs need the OS update. The image keyboard and app icon shortcuts are two examples. More importantly, there's just no reason to not use 7.1. It's been 4 months since official launch, and major OEMs get early access. Middlefinger Maybe Samsung arent happy with the quality? 7.1 and its variant have been rather.. buggy, of late. Lollipop was like that, its was the worst, and i know Samsung had a lot of custom code in their version. There is no reason though why Samsung cant implement its own version of APIs, or simply wait to avoid issues. Rod Just stop. Middlefinger Stop what? Do you even read this site, the evidence is right here. Rod Samsung doesn't keep their phones updated because they're too busy making unwanted, duplicate apps. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Yeah, Google never makes unwanted duplicate apps. Rod Such as? tim242 You need to get a life, if all you have to do is bitch about duplicate apps. EVERY DAY. Rod My life is fine, thanks. Middlefinger No they make time to release to make sure the software works properly. They have to do that because Googles release often doesn't, just like all the problems seen on 7.1.2 lately. Unwanted apps you say?? Like most of the Google apps.. Rod You make it look better than it is. Samsung phones are the most buggy, according to the developers. Middlefinger Are they now, where is this 'developer' news i seem to have missed? Rod https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/comments/3xgxg2/why_is_there_so_much_hate_against_samsung/ Middlefinger One temporary example that is not longer true. What about all of googles messy code and bugs, that kill phones? Benjamin Walburn Oh, they definitely could, but a duplicate API isn't the same as the original, especially in Android. App developers would have to add additional code for the Samsung API. Even mirroring the API entirely wouldn't work, as apps look at the system API level to decide how to run. Even if Samsung copied it perfectly, apps would still detect it as an older Android version and not use the features. I can't comment on the bugginess of the later release. I haven't had any problems with updates, but that would be a valid concern. Godspoken That hero image is freaking amazing. Is the picture on the screen photoshopped? I almost read AP reviews for the great photographs of phones as much as I do for the actual facts and opinions at this point. David Ruddock It's a real image. The screen is color corrected a bit (thanks to Jeff for that) to match the tone of the pavement. But I took the photo on the S8, zoomed in and lined it up, then took the picture with my RX10, yeah. Rod Of course it was edited, to remove the red tint. Lol Crafted Crows It is an impressive piece of hardware but after 1 day of use my fingers hurt :). I have the S7 and I find that size to be perfect. While the screen gorgeous, it's too tall for 1 hand use and the infamous hamburger menu is killing my fingers. Not comfortable at all. Margaritas Ante Porcos Great review. As always. Beautiful phone but we won't see the beauty because we'll have to hide this fragile cutie inside a case. Also Bixby is total crap. So sad to say this but as many other disappointed Galaxy fans I will skip on S8. Absolutely not worth buying. At least not for that money. Fr0gg0 Better luck next time, Samsung. Dallas King Fingerprint scanner on the power button, on the side would have been better. Eumelanin Knight Samsung sees to have an innovative then perfect cycle with their phone. I look forward to seeing what's up with the S9. Yup, I went there. That full screen fingerprint sensor, maybe? Rod There's a really noticeable red tint on that display tim242 Where is that in the review? Oh, it is not there. Rod There's an obvious red tint on the reviewed unit, unless you're daltonic. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07210-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07227-1.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07218.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07222.jpg https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/nexus2cee_DSC07220.jpg Plus, there's this: https://www.cnet.com/news/some-samsung-galaxy-s8-phones-ship-with-red-tinted-screens/ tim242 He did not mention it, so it could be lighting. The story you linked says only SOME UNITS AND CAN BE MANUALLY FIXED. Rod Well, let's ask @rdr0b11:disqus then BTW: never saw anyone take pictures in broad daylight whilst illuminating the subject with a red light. Maybe the sun shines differently where he lives. Roy You are right, the red tint is clearly noticeable from the pictures and it's bothering me a lot that no one (not even the reviewer) is talking about it. Rod As a LCD-phone owner, I'm deeply disturbed by screen tint. I like my whites milk-like. mlj11 I know Bixby's gonna be unpopular (around the enthusiast crowd at least) but I wish I had something like Bixby Vision. After Goggles' apparent abandonment by Google, I still haven't found a simple and good enough replacement for it. Using Assistant on my Pixel XL just plain doesn't work for stuff like item recognition or QR code reading. Rod Cannot unsee the lag. http://i.imgur.com/kHx9ayV.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Flipboard has always been very laggy. It doesn't surprise me that its replacement is also laggy. Personally, it doesn't matter to me. I never use Flipboard anymore, I don't use Google Now, and I would be very unlikely to use Bixby. ericshmerick The defense has begun lol Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ No defense. Bixby's info thing is laggy. If that matters to you, don't buy the phone. Rod You can deal with low framerate... But I doubt you can deal with the phone freezing up! http://i.imgur.com/qa22ZNQ.gif Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Fake. He's not even touching the phone, except when he touches a grayed out option that doesn't do anything. That makes me think your Bixby lag gif is fake, too. Rod If you watched the video, you'll see that he mentions the software has problems, exactly when that part is displayed. whispy_snippet "Fake". Classic. m477 Yeah, Michael Fisher is payed by Samsung competitors to make the S8 look laggy, obviously. Miles Reiter To add on to what others have already said, that's not a grayed out option, there's no scenario in Instagram where the search button will be grayed out and non-functional. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ So he just didn't touch it. It's very obvious he's not touching anything on the phone in that GIF. You could also take a screen shot of that Instagram page, and fake it that way. I'll believe these problems when I see them widely reported, not because some bozo posts a gif. Winston Thats a strange issue. I loaded the S8 home screen + Hello Bixby onto my S7. No lag. Rod It's called inconsistent performance. Which means it won't happen all the time. Peter World Citizen Looks fake ... Rod What does? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It is fake. Kevin Davis Great review, thanks. Beautiful phones, but they're going to be a pass for me. Vivek Rameses You can install the new launcher by updating the TouchWiz apk on apkmirror. Had it for a few weeks and it runs fine. Rocket Bixby Vision can identify objects. I showed it a Galaxy S7. It gave me results for iPads. Sounds like Apple will be picking up this idea for Siri pretty soon Marty LMAO...Even machines know Sammy copies Cakefish Interestingly, from the reviews that I have been reading, the Exynos 8890 beats the Snapdragon 835 in single-core Geekbench performance and loses narrowly in multi-core performance. So, overall, very similar levels of performance. Shows that Samsung was ahead of the curve last year, meaning that the Galaxy S7 should age well CPU-wise. Marty I think I can easily pass on the S8. I prefer a device not have a pink tinted display. The last time this happened was with the HTC 10. Too much competition, Samsung, for you to put out lackluster products. 4Ui812 David Ruddock 2 questions. Do you know if the bootloader is locked like on the S7E from T-MOBILE ? Why is this 8 hour old article pushed to the top of the list ? I think I know the answer to the second question. But do you have any info on the first ? Rod Because it's relevant? 4Ui812 Paid. Rod Yes, they get paid better when more people click on pages with ads. roverstim ewww, pink tint. D13H4RD2L1V3 I can definitely see the fingerprint sensor placement being an afterthought. Had Synaptics and Samsung got that display sensor working in time, the feature where you can wake the device from sleep by "pressing" the portion of the display that houses the home button would have a lot more worth. Oh well, hope it's ready in time for the Note 8, but with rumors that even Apple is having issues with it, we may have to wait for 2018. I don't find Bixby all that useful, and certainly not to the point where it needs its own button. It has its merits, but overall, I feel that it's one of those features where people use once or twice after unboxing and then forget that it existed, like Siri, or those who are deeply-vested in the Google ecosystem would probably just use Google Now. I find that rather sad, because some of its other add-ons, such as the ability to play other forms of audio through the device itself while it's casting another audio source via Bluetooth is one of those things that are immensely useful. I just wish that they're actually more prominently shown so that people know it exists. It's a nice phone overall, though. Makes me optimistic for the next Galaxy Note. tim242 THE CAMERA IS NOT THE SAME AS THE S7. 260 VS 333 Rod Who do those numbers represent? tim242 The S7 has the Sony 260. The S8 has the Sony 333. dblock I am a huge fan of rooting and ROMing my phones, but the truth is, being a crack flasher and flashing new ROMs all the time is really time consuming. So while it will take a while to get used to not being able to do this, and losing Viper4Android (hoping I can make Samsung's EQ work somewhat close to V4A) and some other customizations/tweaks, overall I think I will be more satisfied not worrying about trying to flash the "best" ROM all the damn time. I do hold out hope that basic root is achieved on the phone so I can get V4A going on this thing, but I won't hold out too long. 2kool4skool If you're so worried about sound, galaxies have Adapt Sound feature that you might want to try out. I'm also a former user of viper4android, but decided to ditch it last year because adapt sound is easier to set up. It also sounds fantastic on my hd 449. dblock I can't remember if Adapt Sound works with Bluetooth headphones or not, do you know if it does? That's why I loved V4A, could really fine tune all different output types; phone speakers, headset, Bluetooth and dock. 2kool4skool Well, that's a bummer. No, as far as I know it doesn't work with Bluetooth headphones. ROB You need to add something... DO NOT BUY the unlocked version Chips N Care to explain? ROB Google the S7 unlocked fiasco...they are still on 6.0.1...all other S7 have been updated to 7.0 and they have abandoned the ones bought directly from Samsung... Cakefish Galaxy S7 Geekbench scores. The Exynos 8890 processor was ahead of its time, it'll remain very competitive throughout 2017. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ccc4e4d7770fbc4f43c68d526b56060883fe49a88537a5e39d175e8207d6c05e.png Rod If even the Snapdragon 800 holds well to this day.. blairh Fingerprint placement is complete garbage. Still no stereo speakers. S8 is too tall. More impressed with the S8 Plus. TeeJay1100 Size is personal preference. I'll say this, after playing with them in Best buy, the S8 feels just right. The S8+ is a tad taller. blairh The S8 is too tall IMO. tim242 The S8+ is even taller... blairh I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. tim242 You have no idea what dimensions the next iphones will be. blairh You're right. But I also believe the strong rumors of a 5.8" screen with a footprint the size of the current iPhone 7. tim242 There were those same strong rumors about the S8. The current iphone 7 would not fit a 16:9 5.8" display... Rod Isn't the S8 even taller? Lol blairh I'm assuming you mean the S8 Plus. Yes, it is, but it also has a larger screen. I just think the S8 is way too tall when compared to the iPhone 7. Apple will be releasing a 5.8" screen phone this fall with roughly the same footprint of the iPhone 7. That to me makes a lot more sense then going so tall as the S8 for the same size screen. Rod But the S8+ is proportionally taller than the S8 lol. blairh I understand that. But I can swallow that size phone when the screen is that large. I think the next iPhone will give you the same size screen in a smaller package. Semianonymous Kinda reminds me of the s6 in a lot of ways. Sacrifices made to acheive a new design. At least they didn't kill the waterproofing and SD slot this time around. lomsha I'm quite tempted. Paul Quinn We knew about the poor fingerprint sensor placement for quite some time. I thought that's probably something that could prove to be less of an issue over time (muscle memory). But now it's sounding like it doesn't even work well. That is enough to kill it for me. I am spoiled by instantaneous unlock on the Mate 9. I don't understand how a brand new phone from THE premier Android manufacturer isn't at least getting close to that. Rod Rushed changed. It was supposed to be underneath the screen. Zahir_SMASH I just want to know what round icon pack that is. Cakefish Pretty sure it's the same one as I use: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.themezilla.pixelui Rod Looks neat for a free app. Zahir_SMASH Thanks! Roy Am I the only one noticing the red-tinted screen issue with the photos of the reviewed device? tim242 Some units have that, mostly the units sent out early. It can be adjusted in settings. Roy Not necessarily. Xda reported that in some units the red-tinted display is not being fixed even after adjusting the rgb and samung is replaging those units. Also, why this reviewed unit was not adjusted before taking the pictures? Just look at them and tell me, the issue is pretty noticeable. Rod Don't worry, there are lots of people in denial here. Rod Nope. ×XWreckTeamX× Which pics are you talking about I cant notice it that much. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It seems pretty obvious to me in all the photos of the phone where there's white on the display. The white looks pinkish. The screen shots look pure white, though. morrisp Are you in Studio City, David? Ahmad Alnusif Is this review applicable also to the Exynos version of S8+? I see mention of SnapDragon 835 specific features so will they be there in the international version? Fred Question is, where did you get that burger ? Anton Kuznetsov ADOPTABLE STORAGE Does it have it? Rod Seeing as they blocked it in the S7, I wouldn't hold my breath. Nathan J This is the first Android phone since last April when I chose the iPhone 6s over the LG G5 (which, given the bootloop reports, was probably a good choice) that has made me seriously consider switching back. One thought keeps repeating itself to me: the 2015 iPhone 6s will most likely get updates for one year after the 2017 Galaxy S8 stops getting them, given the companies' five and two year update ranges. I can see entry level phones only getting a year or two of updates, but a $750 or $850 phone? This is a hard truth that Android fanboys are going to have to accept, and really start demanding changes to. It's one thing that Apple absolutely does better, and I think it's something that would not be very hard to change. Let's demand five years of updates. Apple can do it and they're more profitable than anyone. Stop. Don't make excuses about why Apple's phones aren't that good or their updates aren't as significant. Don't excuse bad behavior. Have the courage to demand better. If all the phone manufacturers adopted all the best practices of their competitors, and shed their biggest problems, imagine how much more awesome phones would be. That said, we really don't know how long Samsung will update the S8. Maybe they give it three years. Who knows. They've done almost everything right here, and I commend them for that. I wouldn't have minded if they kept the physical home/fingerprint button, if they did it like on the iPhone 7. Not a real button but a part of the screen that vibrates in such a way that feels like a button. Go to a Best Buy and check it out. It's very cool. The fingerprint scanner as-is on the S8... I have seen no one praise this. I'm sure Samsung knows, and it was just too late for them to change it. If everything is the same next year (but updated of course), but the fingerprint reader is mid-center of the back, the S9 will be damn near perfect. As for Bixby — in my opinion, the less said about it, Siri, and Google Assistant, the better. I'll just Google it. Or Bing it if I know I'll be running into ad-infested sites (like Wikia) as the Google app tunnels around my ad blocker (iOS). Either way, I'll take a search app over an assistant app any day of the week. I've tried Siri, Google, and Cortana and have found all of them lacking. So no thanks to Bixby. Disappointing about buttongate, but not a dealbreaker, either. Rod In most cases, the updates are ceased due to the SoC vendor (read: Qualcomm) not providing new blobs after 24 months. That's why there's a rumor Google is designing its own chip, like Apple and Samsung do, so they don't get blocked by Qualcomm. Nathan J I had a Motorola Photon. We heard all the excuses. At the end of the day, it's still a flagship that got zero updates, so it doesn't really matter whose fault it is or why. I mean, it's interesting on a trivial level to find out why, but you're no less screwed at the end of the day. That said, if Google could get control over the hardware in their phones, they'd be better off. Maybe. Can they make more money selling phones that are supported for five years? That's a cycle and a half they're pissing away. Apple can take that. Rod I really hope Google pulls an Apple someday. 5 years of support sounds great to me. Talos the Robot You are reviewing a defected phone with a red tint display and you are awarding it with editor's choice "Most Wanted" accolade, hahaha LOL.... francoism Still sure it'll suffer from the much staggered OTA updates. roverstim Seriously, no mention of the pink screen in the review ? Other OEM's would be picked up on this Rod This bothered me too, seeing as how evident it is. tim242 http://m.androidcentral.com/samsung-clears-air-red-tinted-galaxy-s8-displays Rod I'd like to see a pic of this review unit after calibrating. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Must be manufactured by commie pinkos. ECassinelli Hello, could somebody tell me which weather widget is he using? the one in the software opinion section. I'll really appreciate it. xphyle The hate is strong with this one... Drakenoid The love child of this and OG Moto X would be my perfect phone! Ihavenewnike Have had the phone for the last few hours. The face unlock is crazy fast. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Excellent! That's what I would use. I'm not worried about someone taking a picture of my face and stealing my phone. Ash First official android with kernel version 4.4? dirtyjudo Cash me when it's time for security update. How bout dat? Daniel Tiberius System level EQ sounds neato. I'll have to play with that. Also I read that the Bluetooth to two separate devices feature comes with Bluetooth 5, or the processor and not from Samsung. Anyone know? Peter World Citizen It's best to read some reviews from Apple's love child: The Verge ... When the oppositions praise their main competitor's device then it must be really good. 1. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15328968/samsung-galaxy-s8-review-s8-plus 2. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/19/15354444/samsung-galaxy-s8-big-screen-ergonomics 3. http://www.theverge.com/2017/4/18/15338052/samsung-galaxy-s8-touchwiz-android-software Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 41 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 49 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 63 WSJ: Google planning to block bad ads in Chrome on desktop and mobile 2017/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 132 queries | 1.324s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Market analytics: Figuring out how much cash million-dollar Android app makers really make Million (and sometimes billion) dollar decisions are made based on the best analysis of incomplete data. If you'd like some inside baseball on how researchers come up with some of their insights, here's a quick view into the insanely profitable business of in-app Android game sales. By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | April 19, 2017 -- 15:35 GMT (08:35 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Billion dollar bonanza! There is no doubt that the lion's share of the mobile app market comes from games. According to Appbot's analysis, 98 percent of smartphone and tablet games are monetized through in-app purchases. We know that there's a ton of money there, but just how much money has each app generated? That's what I set out to determine. Google lists its top-grossing apps, which gives us a starting point. Unfortunately, Google doesn't provide much more information. Read this So you have an app idea and want to make a bajillion bucks A reader with no tech skills and little money has a great idea for an app. He thinks Apple and Android will both want to make it a standard feature. You know this isn't going to end well. Read More This is a classic market analytics problem. Many businesses don't release their numbers, because they consider that confidential and proprietary information. However, business planners, investors, and we pundits are often desperate for some inside baseball on what's happening in the companies we follow. It's from this type of problem that the entire industry of market research was born. The idea is to somehow come up with a reasonably accurate analysis from incomplete data. While you can often use the information produced by market researchers, it's important you don't treat such numbers as the gospel truth. If you look carefully at any given market, you'll see different estimates by different forecasters. This is similar to the problem forecasters had handicapping the recent US election, and that forecasters are now struggling with for the upcoming French elections. The process of coming up with a market analysis is equal parts art and science. Or, if you want, lies, damned lies, and statistics. Basically, we work from what numbers we have, we build computational models, and we make assumptions. It's the assumptions part that's the art, which often comes from years of experience watching a market. For example, I'll later show you how I make an assumption about the weight of negative reviews. That comes from my experience observing that negative reviews often have more velocity in a market than positive reviews. The top grossing games To come up with a set of numbers on the Android game app market, I started with the 25 top-grossing games. I eliminated the very few apps (Google Drive and Pandora) that were in the top 25 list, but weren't games. That left me with 23 games, so I included the next two games in the ranking to fill out my 25. Top grossing apps on April 19, 2017 Now that I had my list, the first thing that became apparent was that Google's Top Grossing list was probably not based on the all-time life of an app. The first game on the list, Mobile Strike, had substantially fewer total downloads than Clash of Clans, the game listed in second place. While it's possible that more people are spending $399 (yep, that's a real number, folks) on items in the Governator's Mobile Strike game than the $99 max in Clash of Clans, it's far more likely that the Android Play top grossing list is based on monthly numbers than cumulative results. By the way, if you're looking at the above screenshot and realizing that Mobile Strike is NOT listed in the number one slot, you're right. When I took my data dump last week, it was the top game. This reinforces my observation that the Top Grossing list isn't cumulative. This speculation is also supported by looking at Candy Crush Saga, which has somewhere between half a billion and a billion downloads, yet was listed as number four on the list when I took my data snapshot. There's no doubt Candy Crush has crushed it when it comes to in-app income, but it's been around for a long time. Its cumulative revenue may be greater than Mobile Strike, but its recent revenue may not be. These 25 wildly popular Android games are... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 26 NEXT PREV Changing data is a big issue in market analysis. How anal do we need to be about the currency of our data? In other words, should we be freaking out that the Top Grossing list changed since I compiled my analytics data? The answer is somewhat complex. If, for example, I was being paid by corporate clients who were making impending billion dollar decisions, it might be an issue. If that were the case, I'd probably have live feeds and constantly updating metrics. But, for our purposes, which is to just get an understanding of the scale of the Android game app market, it's not something to worry about. What we're concerned with mostly is a matter of scale: realizing just how insanely big this market is at the top end. Analytical models More great project ideas DIY-IT Project Guide Updated: If you're working on a DIY project of your own, this comprehensive guide to tech projects is a good place to start. Read More There are a number of ways we can approach measuring total revenue. This is the practice of building a model that might help us come up with some information. I started by first looking at work done by AppsFlyer, a research firm that calculated that the Google Play store revenue per user is $0.43 per app. This is a measure across all users of the apps, and incorporates both paying and non-paying customers in its measurement. By this measure, the #4 ranking Candy Crush Saga brought in $215-$430 million compared to the $21.5-$43 million of Mobile Strike. While taking a measurement based on total number of users is one way of guestimating overall revenue, there are better ways. A much better way takes into account (or tries to estimate) the number of users who are in-app purchasers. Remember that the number of in-app purchasers will nearly always be far smaller than the larger number of users who limit themselves to the base, free versions of most apps. Calculating paid users To calculate the number of paid users, there are two main measures: how many total users there are, and some way of determining the percentage of users who are paying customers. While the Android Play store does show download numbers, the number of downloads cover a huge range. For example, going back to Candy Crush Saga, the difference between the minimum and maximum total install count is half a billion users. That's a big number. That said, while we can't calculate an exact value of the number of users, publicly listed install values are stratified. Therefore, it's possible to see that a product like Candy Crush Saga, even with it's 500 million range of accuracy, still has many more downloads than, say, Summoner's War, which ranges from 50 to 100 million downloads. Games ranked by total number of downloads AppsFlyer provides another metric: their analysis says that 4.6 percent of Android users make one in-app purchase per month. Unfortunately, they don't connect that to individual products, so it's not possible to tell which app was used to make that one purchase. There's still value in that measure, though, because it gives us a sense of purchaser activity. We can extend this observation to say that, for a core of about 5 percent of app users, about 12 in-app purchases are made a year. Since it's unlikely that most of these users are making in-app purchases for as many as 12 different games, it's more likely that the in-app purchases are restricted to one or two favorite games. Based on that assumption, it's not unreasonable to expect, conservatively, that at least one in twenty downloads results in an in-app purchase. Another approach that can be applied is to use another metric as a proxy for the number of purchases for a given app. The one that I chose to use is the number of reviews for each app. Since reviews require interaction beyond the game itself, we're likely to see the more engaged users (both satisfied and cranky) engage with the reviews system. Games ranked by total number of reviews There are some odd results from this measure, in particular with Clash of Clans. For that game, somewhere between 7 percent and 35 percent of all game downloads resulted in a review. By contrast, the average number of reviews based on the minimum number of downloads is 9 percent, while the max is a much more reasonable 2 percent. Using number of reviews as a proxy for purchases also helps us more closely target the actual number of users, since the number of reviews is not listed as a range, but an absolute number. Clearly those who are actually playing the game are more likely to rate each game. Taking just the number of reviews doesn't account for dissatisfied users. Some users simply may not have enjoyed playing, while others, like King of Avalon user Jennifer Justus who said, "You will spend thousands and they lie about everything," seem to have had very bad (and costly experiences). As Ms. Justus shows, you don't have to be happy about the game to spend money on it. That said, the more unhappy the overall audience of users, the more likely it is that revenue will be impacted. Based on this fundamental premise, I decided to weight the buyer proxy formula such that buyers are calculated based on the number of three, four, and five star reviews, minus one and two star reviews. Because unhappiness tends to have a more magnified impact on product success, I doubled the weighting of negative reviews when calculating my purchaser volume proxy. How much do buyers spend? The next question is how much did those buyers spend? Users spend between $0.99 and $399 per item in Mobile Strike, but only -- only(!) -- a buck to about a hundred dollars per item in Candy Crush Saga. For this, we'll go back to AppsFlyer, who says that the average paying user spends $9.60 per app, per month. That number seems like a lot, but it's about the same that a Netflix subscription costs. If you think about the idea that some paying game players derive many hours of entertainment from their games -- and usually in situations where that might be the only available, appropriate entertainment -- the cost doesn't seem out of balance with other entertainment products. For example, someone stuck on a bus for an hour each way to and from work might well enjoy some strategy gaming for an hour and find the ten bucks spent monthly more than worth it as a way to stave off boredom and discomfort. In an attempt to see how much money has been made by these top apps, let's assume a year of use. Clearly, some apps have been around much longer. Those apps are likely to have collected more reviews. Because we're using review activity as a purchaser volume proxy to identify paying buyers, the total number of reviews not only helps factor in engagement, but also provides a view into sales longevity. Our final estimated in-app purchase income is then calculated based on the $9.60 monthly average multiplied by 12 months. That value is then multiplied by the purchaser volume proxy based on reviews. That final value gives us our estimate value for in-app purchases for any given app. Revenue ranking: estimated total revenue based on adjusted proxy model This approach actually works rather well. For example, take a look at the estimated revenue using this model for Clash of Clans and Clash Royale, the two games seem to have pulled in close to $3 billion. A quick look at Wikipedia for information on Supercell, the Finish company who makes those two games, shows that the company had revenues of $2.23 billion in 2016. Over the course of a few years, Supercell could absolutely have brought in the $3 billion the model estimates, especially when you factor in Hay Day and Boom Beach, two additional games from the company that were not in the top 25. Trend analysis What else can we learn from this data? One of the more interesting observations that comes from having an ordered list containing overall estimated revenue, and another list containing what appears to be current gross revenue numbers, is that it becomes possible to see which apps seem to be growing in popularity. For example, Mobile Strike is listed as the top grossing app on Google Play, but is way down on our list of overall gross revenue. Clearly, the app hasn't yet earned as much as other apps, but seems to be extremely strong as a revenue producer right now. Game trend analysis It's helps to conceptualize trends when we give them names. For example, it is far easier to think about revenue growth when you read names like Rocket, Rising Star, Smooth Sailing, Falling Star, and Sinking Ship than it is just looking at a chart. So, we rated any app ranking more than 10 points higher on Google Play than in cumulative revenue as a Rocket. Any app ranking more than 5 higher was rated a Rising Star. Any app ranking more than 5 lower on Google Play than overall revenue was considered a Falling Star. Any app that's ranking more than 10 lower on Google Play than overall revenue was declared a Sinking Ship. Finally, any app that's showing steadiness in ranking was labeled as Smooth Sailing. Final analysis After all that work, is this analytics model absolutely accurate? Of course not. But is it close enough to be able to gauge the level of activity and the profit potential for this exploding part of the tech industry? Yeah, it is. It gets the job done and shows us, bottom line, that an insane amount of money is being spent on mobile games. It also shows how powerful the freemium business model can be when applied to the right market. You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation F8: Facebook positions itself as an innovator across several fronts Innovation Facebook wants to help you communicate directly from your brain via non-invasive sensors Innovation Alphabet's Verily kicks off long range study to track human health Innovation Microsoft Surface Pro 4 copycats run riot: Samsung, Dell, HP and others offer better options × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Google aims to train 1,000 Singaporean business leaders by 2019 News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Singapore Google aims to train 1,000 Singaporean business leaders by 2019 Google is joining forces with agencies like SPRING Singapore and IMDA to launch a digital leadership and marketing programme. Posted 19 Apr 2017 23:33 Updated 20 Apr 2017 07:42 File photo of Google's office in Singapore. Indonesia says much of the revenue generated by Google in the country is booked at its Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. (Photo: Tang See Kit)  Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: US tech giant Google will work with global training provider AVADO, SPRING Singapore and the Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) to launch a digital leadership and marketing programme aimed at fostering the next generation of digital leaders in Singapore.  The programme, called Squared Online for SMEs, aims to equip businesses with the knowledge and skills to boost their in-house digital marketing capabilities, Google announced on Wednesday (Apr 19). The programme also shows businesses how to reach global consumers using online resources, and includes classes in topics such as search engine marketing and analytics. Ghislain Le Chatelier, Google’s regional director for South East Asia, Global Marketing Solutions said, “We know that SMEs have limited resources and that they’re looking for help to grow. Getting digital and mobile right is the key to future success. By offering a dedicated digital marketing programme for SME leaders, we hope to help them export using the web, grow their customer base and thrive in an increasingly mobile-first world.”  - CNA/db Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Rewriting Life Google’s Massive Health Study Seeks 10,000 Volunteers to Give Up Their Medical Secrets The project will scrutinize spit, tears, stool, heartbeats, and genomes to search for new predictors of disease. by Antonio Regalado April 19, 2017 Google knows all about your habits and interests online. Now the search company’s health spinout, Verily, is asking 10,000 Americans for intimate knowledge of their bodies. Verily today published a website that marks the launch of its founding idea, the Baseline Project, a multi-year study expected to cost more than $100 million that it says will search for clues to predicting heart disease and cancer. Volunteers are being asked to submit to an unprecedented regimen of tests and physical monitoring. They’ll be asked to wear a heart-tracking watch that follows their pulse and movements in real time and will undergo a detailed workup of x-rays and heart scans, in addition to having their genomes deciphered and their blood tested in so-called liquid biopsies, which might be able to catch cancer early. Each volunteer will be monitored for four years. As enrolling 10,000 people will take time, the full study could take a decade to complete. “No one has done this kind of deep dive on so many individuals. This depth has never been attempted,” says Sanjiv Sam Gambhir, a physician researcher at Stanford University who is one of Baseline’s investigators. “It’s to enable generations to come to mine it, to ask questions, without presupposing what the questions are.” Jessica Mega, chief medical officer of Verily Baseline was the initial project of Verily, formerly known as Google Life Sciences. But the effort, which was first announced in 2014, proved so complex that it took two and a half years to fully organize. The hope is to discover new biological predictors of disease, beyond the familiar ones like the relationship of glucose to diabetes. “We need to continue to look for signals that may be actionable,” says Jessica Mega, Verily’s chief medical officer. “And we need to build out infrastructure to be able to do that. Those tools will be important for the health-care ecosystem. We are creating the infrastructure to deal with large health data sets.” Mega declined to say how much the study will cost, but it’s likely to be extraordinarily expensive. Existing agreements involve payments of at least $41.5 million to Stanford and $33 million to Duke University, two of the sites that will be recruiting patients. Verily itself will carry out much of the molecular testing, including the sequencing of participants’ DNA. The study calls for collecting volunteers’ stool, saliva, and even tears. An initial workup of scans and tests will last two full days for some participants. “We are not allowed to talk about the costs. But it’s one of the things that make this hard to so for anyone else to do, and why it hasn’t been done,” says Gambhir. Would you let Google track you for medical research? Tell us in the comments. In addition to a watch, participants are given an electronic loop to place under their mattresses to record their sleep patterns. A router-sized device in a person’s home would then relay a record of their tossing and turning to Google’s servers. Joining the study also requires volunteers to give Verily access to their health records. Experts say comprehensive data on so many people could be valuable but that real-time measurements on volunteers at home may prove hard to collect. “The question is why should people continue to give you data. You need a reason,” says Eric Hekler, a professor at Arizona State University who works with activity trackers. “People wear a wrist tracker for a few months, but even the burden of charging one will make them stop. There is a lot of hounding involved.” Verily and Duke, which coördinates the study, declined to provide a copy of the consent form participants will sign, leaving it unclear what will be asked of them, exactly how their data might be used and protected, or how commercial conflicts of interest are described. A separate consent form, used for volunteers expressing interest through the website, says the study will operate via a company called Baseline Study LLC, and that Verily may sell volunteers’ data—for instance, to drug companies for their own research—with names, addresses, and phone numbers removed. “You will not share in any revenues or profits, or receive any financial compensation,” the document notes.  Recommended for You The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI Edible CRISPR Could Replace Antibiotics We Need More Alternatives to Facebook Engineering the Perfect Astronaut How to Pull Water Out of Thin Air, Even in the Driest Parts of the Globe Doctors involved say data collected from volunteers will remain closely held by Verily for two years, but after that the study design calls for making it available to other researchers. Mega says the final terms of the data release have not been agreed upon. Volunteers can sign up on the Web, but to participate fully they will need to live close to the study sites at Stanford in California, Duke in North Carolina, or a private clinic near Los Angeles, the California Health & Longevity Institute. That institute, a posh wellness center offering crackling fireplaces and gourmet food, was founded by Verily’s CEO, Andrew Conrad, and ran a preliminary study involving 200 patients. That arrangement came under criticism for steering Google business to a company owned by one of its executives. Verily spokeswoman Carolyn Wang said that Conrad has since sold off his ownership in the center, but in the meantime some early employees went to work for Grail, a competitor developing liquid biopsy tests, which has its own long-term study of volunteers under way. Baseline is a “longitudinal cohort study,” meaning it will track a large group of people for a period of years, amassing measurements that scientists can later mine to discover causes of disease. Other such studies include the Rotterdam Study in the Netherlands, the U.S. Million Veteran Program, and most famously, the Framingham Heart Study, which has followed residents of Framingham, Massachusetts, since 1948 and established the link between smoking and heart disease. However, the Google study is different because it envisions such extensive molecular tests and attempts to get inside people’s lives, homes, and bedrooms to track them as they move and sleep. According to Adrian Hernandez, a Baseline study leader at Duke, the 10,000 participants will include healthy people as well as those who, for genetic or other reasons, are at higher risk for heart disease and lung, breast, or ovarian cancer. “We expect several hundred to develop clinically significant heart disease or cancer. We’ll have people who have a heart attack, but we will also have people who develop risk factors,” says Hernandez. That could help reveal new ways to predict disease—say, from activity levels measured by the watch, or through combinations of genetic and physical measurements. Although volunteers will be helping Verily and scientists study disease, they won’t learn much about themselves beyond what you'd get at any doctor's visit. Says Gambhir, “Anyone going into it asking, ‘How will it help me?”—that is the wrong question.” Get stories like this before anyone else with First Look. Subscribe today Already a Premium subscriber? Log in. Tagged Google, baseline project, verily Antonio Regalado Senior Editor, Biomedicine I am the senior editor for biomedicine for MIT Technology Review. I look for stories about how technology is changing medicine and biomedical research. Before joining MIT Technology Review in July 2011, I lived in São Paulo, Brazil,… More where I wrote about science, technology, and politics in Latin America for Science and other publications. From 2000 to 2009, I was the science reporter at the Wall Street Journal and later a foreign correspondent. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Subscribe Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Recommended for You The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI Edible CRISPR Could Replace Antibiotics We Need More Alternatives to Facebook Engineering the Perfect Astronaut How to Pull Water Out of Thin Air, Even in the Driest Parts of the Globe More from Rewriting Life Reprogramming our bodies to make us healthier. Scientists Consider Brighter Clouds to Preserve the Great Barrier Reef As bleaching devastates the critical ecosystem for a second year in a row, marine scientists are getting desperate. by James Temple Edible CRISPR Could Replace Antibiotics Researchers are developing a probiotic to make disease-causing bacteria self-destruct. by Emily Mullin Engineering the Perfect Astronaut Some scientists are thinking about what human space travelers will look like in the future. They might be extra-small and radiation-proof. by Antonio Regalado More from Rewriting Life From Our Advertisers In partnership with Hewlett Packard Enterprise A Field Guide to Digital Transformation in partnership with SAP AI is the New Black In partnership with Google Cloud Machine Learning: The New Proving Ground for Competitive Advantage Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| / You've read all of your free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe now or log in for unlimited online access.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nielsen And Google Join Forces To Help Marketers Accurately Measure The ROI Of Their Digital Media Investments NEW YORK, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Nielsen (NYSE: NLSN) announced today that it has been named to Google’s Marketing Mix Model Partner program. As a preferred partner, this program enables Nielsen to collect Google advertising impression and spend data directly from Google in a standardized, granular and accurate way. Collectively, this combines the power of Nielsen’s Marketing Mix Modeling capabilities and Google’s media data to ensure advertisers can measure the ROI of their digital investments with precision and confidently understand the drivers of ROI to improve returns year-over-year. Nielsen’s industry-leading custom marketing mix solution offers advertisers a holistic understanding of what’s driving sales. It takes into account both marketing and non-marketing factors, to truly understand the impact of their activities and how to optimize marketing spend going forward. Advertisers can simulate and optimize marketing budget allocations with Nielsen’s web-based Marketing Planner tool, that informs smarter decisions on where to invest marketing dollars. “We are excited to be included in the inaugural launch of Google’s Marketing Mix Model Partner program,” says  Josh Kowal, senior vice president, Nielsen Marketing ROI. “By working directly with Google, this analytic alliance will give our clients a more comprehensive view of marketing spend outcomes to help make better, faster and more informed decisions.” “With this new partnership program, we’re excited to work with Nielsen to provide our clients with accurate and independent insight into how their digital ads are performing and delivering a return on investment,” says Babak Pahlavan, senior director product management, Google. “This partnership program will allow us to uphold high standards in data privacy and security while also offering our clients transparency into how these ads are impacting their bottom line.” About Nielsen Nielsen Holdings plc (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers watch and buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services for all devices on which content — video, audio and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen also provides its clients with analytics that help improve performance.  Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries, covering more than 90% of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nielsen-and-google-join-forces-to-help-marketers-accurately-measure-the-roi-of-their-digital-media-investments-300441738.html SOURCE Nielsen Genevieve Aronson, Genevieve.Aronson@nielsen.com, 646-654-5742; or Leslie Pitterson, Leslie.Pitterson@nielsen.com, 917-562-0715 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World-Renowned Keynote Speaker Shane Green Releases His First Book, Culture Hacker Next PostNext Prevalent Security Solutions, IT Solutions Provider, Now Cayden Security Search Recent Posts Lactobacillus Bulgaricus Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 Lactobacillus Casei Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 Research Developments Project Lactobacillus Lactis Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2022 DCM Is an Experienced Award-Winning Investment Partner New Lactobacillus Acidophilus Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Articles l l What Are “Shared Experiences” on Windows 10? How to Easily Reinstall Windows 10 Without the Bloatware How to Remotely Access Your Computer from Your Phone What Kind of Smarthome Gadgets Can I Use If I Rent an Apartment? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Prevent Android from Geotagging Photos with Your Location By Cameron Summerson on April 19th, 2017 Every time you take a picture on your Android phone, it records specific data and codes it into the picture’s metadata. Part of that data includes the GPS location of where the photo was taken. While it’s easy to remove, there’s also a way to prevent Android from storing that info in the first place. RELATED ARTICLE How to View (and Edit) Photo EXIF Data on Android Of course, that geolocation data does have benefits. For example, if you use Google Photos to automatically backup and store your images, you can search for a specific location and Photos will use this data to show you all relevant images. That’s super handy. But, like most things, there is a dark side: when you share an image online, that means most anyone can also find this info. So if you take an image at home, then share it online, you potentially just gave the world your home address. Scary. That said, a lot of online services strip this data out when you upload a photo. For example, Facebook and Imgur both remove this data from images for privacy reasons—but if you want to be on the safe side, you can prevent Android from ever storing it at all. Since there are a variety of Android manufacturers out there, we’re going to cover how to remove this data from the biggest names out there: Google (or stock Android devices), Samsung, and LG. All of these manufacturer’s camera apps will ask you for location permissions the first time you fire the app up, but if you aren’t really paying attention (or thinking about the privacy implication at the time), then you may have just given the approval automatically. Here’s how to fix that. How to Disable Geotagging on Stock Android The following method is specifically for Google Camera, which is available on most stock Android devices, like Pixel or Nexus. First, fire up the camera, then tap the three lines in the upper left corner to open the menu. From here, tap “Settings.” The top option in the settings menu is “Save Location.” Disable this. That’s literally all there is to it. How to Disable Geotagging on Samsung Devices I’m using a Galaxy S7 Edge running Nougat for this section of the tutorial, but the process should be the same (or close to it) for all modern Samsung handsets. First, get the camera up and running, then tap the gear icon in the top corner…the exact location changes according to orientation. In this menu, scroll down close to the bottom, until you see the “Location Tags” option. Disable that. Boom. Done. How to Disable Geotagging on the System Level (for LG Devices) Regardless of which phone you have, there’s also a way to completely block the camera from accessing your location—which is interestingly the only way to block geotagging on LG devices. As such, I’m using an LG G5 running Marshmallow for this section. First, pull down the notification shade and tap the gear icon. In the Settings menu, scroll down and select “Apps.” Tap on “Camera,” then “Permissions.” The bottom option here should be “Your location.” Disable this. It’s worth mentioning that this method can be used across the board on all Android devices, but it’s a good idea to disable tagging in the camera app first (on devices that have this option, of course). Otherwise, it’ll just re-request location access when you start the camera again. While this will prevent the stock camera applications from geotagging images, it’s worth keeping in mind that this only applies to those specific camera apps. If you have a third-party app of some kind installed, you’ll need to check its specific permissions and settings to disable or prevent location tagging. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 04/19/17 DID YOU KNOW? The sport of baseball exerted a strong influence on the design of American military hand grenades–military engineers capitalized on the familiarity of American soldiers with the game and a childhood spent throwing a baseball, such that early and current hand grenades stick closely to the approximate size and weight of a baseball. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) How to Switch From Windows 10’s Insider Preview Back to Stable (Without Reinstalling) 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs Stop Wasting Money on Device Specific Car Chargers and Start Using a Universal USB Charger How to Hide Files and View Hidden Files on Mac OS X 6 Advanced Tips for Securing the Applications on Your PC With EMET How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How, When, and Why to Set a Connection as Metered on Windows 10 Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Can't get enough TreeHugger? Sign up now and have it sent straight to your inbox. Daily and Weekly newsletters available. Email Address* Sign Up X Driving sustainability mainstream Design Living Science Technology Transportation Business Energy Slideshows Google Earth's revamp immerses users in scenic places around the world Megan Treacy (@mtreacy) Technology / Gadgets April 19, 2017 Share on Facebook Screen capture Google Earth Google Earth has always been our favorite way to explore the world from the comfort of our desks. Being able to click on places of the globe and zoom down to see it up close is incredibly fun and Google has released updates and layers over the years that let us gather more information as we clicked around. Now, with a refresh on the software, Google Earth is becoming first and foremost a destination for deep exploration, not just satellite views. Google revealed the update yesterday, which includes a new Voyager feature created just for us desktop adventurers. Voyager was created through a partnership with several organizations like the BBC and NASA to create guided tours to the world's amazing places. Videos, photos and text narratives added to 3-D representations of areas around the world allow users to fully immerse themselves in a place. The Jane Goodall Institute provided tours of Gombe National Park in Tanzania where Goodall has done much of her research on chimpanzees. Goodall provides field notes, as shown below. Google Earth/Screen capture For the kid in you, Sesame Street joined with the tech company to map places where Muppets productions happen around the world and the Muppets offer facts about the region and the culture there. Because this is Google, of course there is an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button. Clicking this will randomly take you to one of 20,000 lesser-known, but fascinating locations around the world. Many of these spots are known and loved by locals, but not as well known by the rest of us. The other significant update is that Google Earth will now work on Google Chrome Browsers, no need for the desktop app anymore. For smartphones and tablets you'll still the need app though because of the huge graphics. The Android app is already being updated with the new features, but the iOS version is still being worked on. Google also updated the virtual reality version of the app which works with the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive. What will you explore first on the new Google Earth? Related on TreeHugger.com: Drones can help count birds by their song Google Street View cars turned into gas leak detectors Biodegradable drones will take off on one-way humanitarian missions Tags: Gadgets | Google | Maps | Technology facebook twitter google+ pinterest Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. MOST POPULAR RIGHT NOW 1 How a 14th century manuscript could solve our antibiotic crisis 2 7 reasons mosquitoes bite some people more than others 3 Wind-powered device can produce 11 gallons per day of clean drinking water from the air 4 What should you do with old car seats? 5 8 natural & homemade insecticides to save your garden without killing the Earth WHAT'S HOT ON FACEBOOK 9 everyday products you didn't know had animal ingredients If you thought that by quitting meat or at least going weekday vegetarian ... by Paula Alvarado in Green Food The end of No Shampoo Experiment, 2.0 Forty days is a long time to wash hair with nothing but water. by Katherine Martinko in Organic Beauty Tesla unveils sleek, barely noticeable solar panels These solar panels can be added to any existing roof for low-profile solar ... by Megan Treacy in Solar Technology Incredible artisanal cakes are decorated like mini-terrariums Love succulents? Well, you can also find the edible, frosted kind as decorations ... by Kimberley Mok in Culture About Us Contact Us Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy COPYRIGHT © 2017 NARRATIVE CONTENT GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 25 mins ago ‘What would you do with all that energy?’: Uncle Tobys compares oat energy to electricity and wind turbines 1 hour ago WA’s ‘Spread’ ad the most effective at reducing alcohol consumption, new study suggests 3 hours ago The Biggest Loser finale to air as segment on Studio 10 6 hours ago Broadcasters brace for budget cuts as ad ban looms on live sport 6 hours ago Edelman group director for corporate & public affairs Nic Jarvis departs to start new PR agency OPINION The 457 visa ban is good for Australia and could fix our marketing skills gap Ignore the hype – transparency is a non-issue Tim Burrowes It takes years to make someone fall in love with a brand – and seconds to make them hate it RYAN O’CONNELL The most important part of the brief that creative agencies are missing MYLAN VU How communications professionals can win the war against the robots FEATURES 2 days ago Cindy Gallop: I am so tired of talking about all this, but there’s still no change at the top 1 week ago Remaking Clems Melbourne 1 week ago ‘Trust’ in agencies key to bold creative work says Nissan’s GM of marketing 2 weeks ago ‘I hope the others fail’ – Competition between free-to-air networks heats up 2 weeks ago Fixing the plane while flying – Publicis Media’s talent chief on a year of upheaval DR MUMBO 3 days ago Sub editors: for when your reporters can’t write good 1 week ago Handbags and online rags 2 weeks ago Yellow is media’s new black 2 weeks ago A lesson in brand safety 2 weeks ago Now To Lose our minds over clickbait F.Y.I. 4 hours ago Screen Australia announces new Australian-Chinese co-production feature 4 hours ago Outdoor Media Association NZ reports 30% year on year revenue increase for Q1 5 hours ago Freeview FV wins Gold at International Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards 9 hours ago AACTA announces new eligibility policy and online category 1 day ago Affinity picks up seven nominations at Asian Effectiveness Awards 1 day ago Squad Ink wins gold medals at 2017 American Craft Spirits Awards 2 days ago AFLW’s Daisy Pearce joins Triple M as AFL commentator 2 days ago The Walkley Foundation launches award for best industrial reporting 2 days ago Liquid Ideas appointed to launch restaurant Chin Chin in Sydney Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS BREAKFASTS May 2, 2017 Diversity Delivers – IAA Thought Leadership Breakfast Forum CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit 2018 Retail Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School TBA Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter Opinion Ignore the hype – transparency is a non-issue The industry has dropped its bundle and is shrieking about transparency , says Simon Larcey, but that is far from digital advertising's biggest problem. In this guest post, he explains where the blame for programmatic's underperformance really lies. April 19, 2017 3:40 by ﻿SIMON LARCEY 3 When programmatic came blazing onto the scene, it was hailed as a silver bullet – it would slash agency overheads, ensure clients cut-through to the audience they want, no matter how specific, and virtually single-handedly end the issue of wastage. The problem is, virtually nothing is perfect straight out of the gate, and so it’s proven for programmatic. But instead of addressing the issue – that programmatic isn’t getting the return on investment it promised – we’ve dropped our bundle and started shrieking about transparency. A prime example of the problem with putting too much trust in programmatic was brought to the fore over the past few months, with a number of multinational companies pulling their budget from Google’s brands, after their ads were seen side-by-side on YouTube with some less-than-savoury content. On the company blog, Ronan Harris, Managing Director of Google UK, wrote that “with millions of sites in our network and 400 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute, we recognize that we don’t always get it right. In a very small percentage of cases, ads appear against content that violates our monetization policies. We promptly remove the ads in those instances, but we know we can and must do more.” But barely a week after that promise was made, Holden and Kia in Australia pulled their ads from YouTube, after having the same issues. Related Content Kia and Holden lead retreat of Australian brands from YouTube as undesirable content crisis grows News Programmatic ‘simply not working’ for brands or publishers News (Holden can’t put their ads alongside videos of people calling Ita Buttrose an “old bag” – they’re clinging to their last vestiges of Australianness, and she’s our nation’s “dose of integrity”!) While Google are dealing with “millions of sites”, there are billions of web pages that are rubbish. Fact is, bad inventory is bad inventory and good inventory is good inventory. And guess what? You’ll get bad results from rubbish inventory and good results from good inventory. The problem with programmatic’s place in this, is that ads are displayed because someone that fits the client’s target market may be on a particular site for a millisecond and we can count that as a page impression. Investment needs to be made in improving performance and filtering out this type of delivery. The other issue that needs to be addressed regarding transparency is that clients are up in arms because there is no real openness about agency margins and mark ups. Related Content After IAB claims ad fraud of just 4%, marketer speaking at their conference cites overseas study's 80% figure News HCF brings digital media in-house amid growing transparency debate News But do you honestly believe anyone would really be as bothered about mark-ups if their profits have gone through the roof since they first engaged a given agency? Performance is the true issue, not transparency. Any business worth their salt is looking at return on investment long before concerning themselves with how transparent the company they’re doing business with is. The only reason this has become an issue with programmatic is because the platform is not performing to the level promised, and thus the clients that employ it are looking for reasons why. Absolutely, if an agency is ripping its clients off via programmatic, charging hidden fees and employing an all-round opaque approach, then they deserve to be found out and get whatever’s coming to them (or not, since the outcome will likely be a major loss of business). But the real problem with these agencies is that they’re causing us to shift the blame for a lack of performance onto a lack of transparency, instead of addressing the deficiencies with the programmatic model. Related Content CMOs need to take 'accountability' for agency transparency says Virgin marketing boss News International and local speakers tackling transparency at Mumbrella360 News It’s perhaps the real transparency issue faced by the industry: agencies are blinded to the fact that, while they may be able to deliver the promised impressions and click-throughs, the only number clients really care about is their bottom line. You might provide above and beyond anything promised, but if you’re a drain on a company’s profits, they’re ultimately going to terminate their relationship with you. I anticipate we are going to see multiple programmatic vendors and agencies lose business and some disappear, as brands smarten up. As I said at the start, transparency is of course an admirable goal, and I’m not for a second advocating businesses pull a blind over their practices in order to do dodgy dealings. But nor are a few shonky wheelers and dealers the only – nor, indeed, the most important – problem with programmatic buying. Ultimately the worst thing we can do is believe all the hype, that programmatic is the be all and end all. Programmatic is still only a young channel and one aspect of a balanced marketing mix. Forget the silver bullet – instead we should be investing in new ways that can boost the performance of programmatic and deliver the outstanding results we promise our clients we can. Related Content Google surrenders with third party verification for advertisers on YouTube but downplays exposure News The programmatic debate is simplistic, naive and just plain wrong Opinion Simon Larcey is the managing director of Path 51 topics ad viewability, digital ad viewability, digital advertising, media transparency, Path 51, Programmatic, Simon Larcey, transparency, viewability Share Tweet Share Comments: 3 Add Comment Bob 19 Apr 17 Programmatic isn’t the problem, it is how it is being used. Too much focus is on driving down the cost of CPMs rather than looking at performance metrics or investing in the premium inventory that exists. Marketers have come to view trading desks as a low cost channel but herein lies the problem because its success is defined by basic cost and reach metrics rather than metrics that relate to campaign performance or business outcomes. You get what you pay for and low cost in media rarely equates to good value. There’s so much rubbish inventory out there so the level of wastage is high if you look for cheap. The lack of transparency around agency trading desks merely clouds the performance problem at a time when marketers have been caught asleep at the wheel of digital. Fixing transparency won’t solve the performance issue, but it will allow marketers to better understand where their investment goes. It should also encourage agencies and other supply chain vendors to be a bit more fair and accountable with client money and the margins they retain. This could help drive better behaviours and performance. Reply Nic Halley 20 Apr 17 “But do you honestly believe anyone would really be as bothered about mark-ups if their profits have gone through the roof since they first engaged a given agency?” Really? If an agency tells me they are charging 10% on media and they are really charging me 50% its a problem. And it’s fraud. Reply Chris Walton 20 Apr 17 I agree with both Bob and Nic. Fundamental to any functional relationship is trust. This very basic need is currently not being met by many operators in this area. Until it is met then clients will understandably (and quite rightly) struggle to move beyond this and entertain legitimate discussions on ROI. Reply Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 122 Comments Sky News drops Outsiders from schedule after sacking of Mark Latham 50 Comments Sky News sacks Mark Latham and refuses to say whether Outsiders will remain on air 47 Comments Why that Pepsi ad isn’t as bad as you think it is 34 Comments Job cuts, one brand and the future: Will Fairfax get it right this time around? 31 Comments Programmatic ‘simply not working’ for brands or publishers SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google: We sent 9M web spam messages in 2016, more than double 2015 total While more messages were sent, Google said they received less than half the 2015 number of user-generated spam reports in 2016. Barry Schwartz on April 19, 2017 at 10:26 am More Google released its annual web spam report yesterday, documenting some of the company’s spam-fighting activity in 2016. One of the most eye-catching data points for me was that Google has sent out over 9 million messages related to web spam in 2016; that number was more than double the 4.3 million messages in the 2015 report. The other metric that stood out was that hacked sites continue to rise, this time by 32 percent from 2015 to 2016, but it was a 180 percent increase from 2014 to 2015 in the previous report. Here are some data highlights from this year’s report: 32 percent increase in hacked sites compared to 2015 Over 9 million messages sent to webmasters to notify them of webs pam issues on their sites Structured data manual actions taken on more than 10,000 sites Over 180,000 user-submitted spam reports from around the world, down from 400,000 the year before Of those 180,000 spam reports, 52 percent of those reported sites considered to be spam More than 170 Google online office hours and live events around the world to audiences totaling over 150,000 website owners, webmasters and digital marketers More than 67,000 questions in the Google support forums Google also noted in this report that they made the Penguin algorithm real-time in 2016. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories 6 types of negative SEO to watch out for The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) 5 ways your merchandising strategy is affecting SEO performance The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Search ConsoleGoogle: SEOSEO: Spamming Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Enter the MarTech Caption Contest Here's your chance to contribute and be recognized for your own martech sense of humor by participating in the MarTech Cartoon Caption Contest. Submit your caption entry by Thursday, April 27 for a chance to win. Submit Your Caption White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Actions on Google (third-party services for Assistant) will come to languages other than US English... one day Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/04/19 5:45am PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Plus 1 on G+ 12 Share on Facebook 34 Share on Twitter Total Shares51 Google News If you bought a Google Home in the UK, you may be wondering why your new gadget feels less powerful than what you had expected. Sure, you can ask it questions and play music, but the services supported aren't as numerous as what you originally thought. Where's Logitech for example? And Todoist? And all those fancy names you keep reading about? Well, they should be under Services in the Assistant settings of your Google Home, but they're not. That's for one reason: the Actions on Google platform, which was opened to devs last December, is only available in US English. Add this to the list of inconsistencies with Assistant. Oh, oh, and the fact that Actions on Google are, for now, only accessible from Assistant on Home and not on phones, Pixels, or other devices. Not to beat a dead horse, but those distinctions are starting to get very annoying. You shouldn't be thinking about what you can do, in which language, in which syntax (services require you to say "talk to X" first), and on which device when you want something from a smart "assistant." The slightly good news though is that Google is working on bringing more language support to the Actions on Google platform. When? Googler Wayne Piekarski says he has no formal release date, but it's happening. They'll let us know when they let us know. In other words, cross your fingers and hope for the best. It's nice though to see someone at Google acknowledging the missing features for our friends across the pond. Source: +Wayne Piekarski Tags Actions on Google custom actions for Google Assistant google assistant google home third-party actions Third-party services subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) ... Next Story Apex Launcher set to return from the dead this May Trending 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 Comments Tomáš Petrík Well done Google, you have discovered there is another country besides the USA. 2 done, 194 to go... boop Did they remove the services list? Rita El Khoury You mean on the support pages? Yeah, that page seems gone. Tom Erlandsen This feels like the kind of thing that maybe should have been worked out BEFORE releasing Home in the UK? neoKushan Given they announced a load of new partners at almost the exact same time they announced the UK launch, I (Naively) assumed the two were related and that they only wanted to do the UK launch after they had enough partners on board to suit that market. Nope, just shitty communication from Google as per usual. Mario Wouldn't simply setting the device to US english help? Are US and UK so different? Rita El Khoury I know some users who have done that, but from their experience, it can't always recognize their British accent then. They'd have to speak with an American accent to make it work more reliably. Not sure if anyone has faced the same issue, but that's what I was told. Guy R Bailey You can but it's a pain mike shwilly It's almost the same only on paper Darek Czubacki With a last name of Piekarski, I would hope that my native tongue of Polish will be supported soon in Google Assistant as it was in Google Now. Google Now supported a primary voice search language as well as a secondary. Matt Great point. But even Google Now in Polish, doesn't have that many commands as in English. Google Now in Polish is really useful for one of my friends and I hope they support stuff more soon. Atoqir They are starting to be like Microsoft these days it seems. makapav 'Old Microsoft'. Atoqir Not really, after almost 2 years after release Cortana is still not available in countries like Belgium and the Netherlands makapav It's very clear to me that Google Home will not be ready until 2018 winter. They aimed too high without any drugs for their deteriorating condition from ADHD. Way too much promise and hype at launch. King_Android I mean this would be a major project. Can they get around to offering more support while also building up Assistant? I mean its a robust assistant that just got introduced and needs to be refined more. Siri was a total mess when released and is not much better. At least Google is obviously making strides into getting GA to everyone. People will complain about anything. Deeco We are Beta testers to Google. As much as I hate to admit it, but Apple does It's shit right from day one before releasing to general public unlike Google. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 142k 107k Latest Deals 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Get up to 20% off electronics on eBay with a coupon code (max of $50 off) 2017/04/19 5:30am PDTApr 19, 2017 20 [Update: $80 refurb, $120 with Force Band] Deal Alert: Grab the Sphero Star Wars BB-8 for $88.81 on Amazon ($150 MSRP) 2017/04/19 3:20am PDTApr 19, 2017 21 [Update: Amazon, too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/18 2:25pm PDTApr 18, 2017 37 [Deal Alert] ZTE Axon 7 is $330 at eBay ($70 off MSRP) 2017/04/18 12:16pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 20 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 22 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 13 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 33 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 9 [Update: Now available] From the Cut the Rope devs, CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars is up for pre-registration 2017/04/19 4:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 5 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/19 3:45pm PDTApr 19, 2017 5 Office Space: Idle Profits asks what you would do with a million dollars 2017/04/19 3:31pm PDTApr 19, 2017 0 Wikipedia Beta revamps the reading list and adds minor UI changes [APK Download] 2017/04/19 1:17pm PDTApr 19, 2017 7 Facebook open-sources its Litho UI framework for Android 2017/04/19 12:28pm PDTApr 19, 2017 Blast from the Past 75 1 Year Ago Today [Update: Tiny Planet Mode Returns] Android N Dev Preview 2 Introduces New Camera UI, Lets You Take Photos While Shooting Video Again, And More [APK Download] 2016/04/19 10:40am PDTApr 19, 2016 431 2 Years Ago Today Reports Suggest 2013 Nexus 7 Units Are Failing At An Alarming Rate, Not Likely A Result Of Firmware Updates 2015/04/19 1:09pm PDTApr 19, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] LEGO Star Wars Microfighters, Bomb Buds, And Mini Warriors 2014/04/19 4:49pm PDTApr 19, 2014 8 4 Years Ago Today [New App] GoComics Releases Official Android App, Tickles Your Funny Bone 2013/04/19 7:24pm PDTApr 19, 2013 27 5 Years Ago Today 40 Best New Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (4/6/12 - 4/19/12) 2012/04/19 6:31pm PDTApr 19, 2012 0 6 Years Ago Today Discovery's Official HowStuffWorks Android App Now In The Market 2011/04/19 9:18pm PDTApr 19, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today Update: Adobe Says “LOL JK” – Flash Will Be Released Before End Of 1H 2010 2010/04/19 11:34pm PDTApr 19, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 40 Customize your navigation bar on Nougat without waiting for Android O with... Custom Navigation Bar 2017/04/19 3:48pm PDTApr 19, 2017 48 Microsoft announces that it hates passwords and has an alternative 2017/04/19 8:11am PDTApr 19, 2017 19 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 65 The Xiaomi Mi 6 is official with a 5.15" display, 3350mAh battery, Snapdragon 835, and dual rear cameras 2017/04/19 2:12am PDTApr 19, 2017 Last 7 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 41 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 53 What once was broken now is fixed: call recording in Google Voice works again 2017/04/15 5:56pm PDTApr 15, 2017 376 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 Last 30 Days 257 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 96 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 310 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 78 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 121 queries | 0.327s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ quick review: To infinity and beyond Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: APR 19, 2017 New Delhi Email Author "Although the Infinity display is the first thing that anybody will notice in the Galaxy S8 and S8+, their USP goes beyond their near edge-to-edge design," Asim Warsi who is Senior VP for Mobile Business, Samsung India said while speaking to reporters in the National Capital. Truer words have seldom been spoken. There's so much of technology inside Samsung's new Galaxy S phones, that each deserves a literary space of its own. Quite literally. Exhibit 1: There's little doubt that Samsung makes some breathtaking phones. It's been churning out gorgeous handsets since the Galaxy S6. It was about the same time that it started imagining the Galaxy S8 as well. The Galaxy S8 -- codenamed Dream -- would be a long continuous sheet of glass with an edge-to-edge display and no physical buttons. Some it achieved, some it didn't. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ launched in India, price starts at Rs 57,900 But, what it has achieved with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ is nothing short of an engineering marvel. Last year's Note 7, although it backfired, made one thing clear: there's absolutely no beating Samsung and its sheer fascination for curves. With the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ it has taken that obsession to a whole new level. Both the Galaxy S8 and the S8+ are exact replicas of each other on first look. The Galaxy S8+ is simply a larger Galaxy S8 (with a bigger battery). Samsung isn't launching a new Edge-phone this year, because probably, both its new Galaxy S phones have just the right amount of curves and Edge-functionality built right into them. There was no need for a stand-alone curved-display phone this year round. Both the Galaxy S8 and S8+ still boast of a glass -- Corning Gorilla Glass 5 this time round -- and metal body, but unlike their predecessor phones, Samsung's 2017 flagships have near bezel-less screens. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ are longer and narrower than their predecessor phones giving users more real estate -- up to 83 per cent to be precise -- to work upon. While the Galaxy S8 is a 5.8-inch phone, the S8+ has a 6.2-inch screen. But, because these phones have all screen and almost no bezels, their overall footprint -- size as well as girth -- feels way smaller. The iPhone 7 Plus and the Google Pixel XL look like giants in comparison. Even intimidatingly so. Chances are the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ would garner rave reviews as well. It's the first six months of actual usage case scenarios that would, but, define the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ Being all-glass, however, has its downsides. Both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ attract fingerprints and smudge by the millisecond. They can also be glossy for some. But, they aren't slippery. An all glass (and metal) phone that isn't slippery is a sight for soar eyes. The Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, without a doubt, have to be the most ergonomic all-glass phones in smartphone history. And because, these aren't slippery (enough) you can afford to play around with them without having to worry about accidentally dropping and breaking their glorious curved screens. Should you, however, shatter these phones, you must know Samsung isn't offering any accidental cover. What it is offering though is a choice of as many as nine different cover accessories that you can buy separately. Exhibit 2: The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have an unusual 18.5:9 aspect ratio instead of a regular 16:9. Both the phones have a 2960x1440 pixel (WQHD+) resolution and Samsung's proprietary Super AMOLED panels. Both the phones also support mobile HDR. All this when combined together should entail in a one-of-its-kind cinematographic experience. It does. As long as you have the content to conjure the Galaxy S8 and S8+'s one-of-its-kind edge-to-edge display sorcery. By now, it's pretty clear that Samsung makes the best displays. Its Super AMOLED panels, boasting of oversaturated colours with deep blacks, are a force to reckon with. It's the same old story with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ as well. The phones, by default, hover around Full-HD so as to conserve battery life. The WQHD+ mode can be enabled via settings. When enabled, and in sync with HDR, Samsung's new phones "let you see the same vibrant colours and contrasts that filmmakers intended while watching content," according to the company. In order to make full use of it, however, you'll need content that supports the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8's native 18.5:9 aspect raio. That content, like 4K was at one point of time, is scarce at this point of time although you will find some on YouTube. Videos that don't support the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8's native 18.5:9 aspect ratio will play fine, but, with black bars on eaither side. Switch to fit might result in frame rate issues here and there. The same is true for games as well. Exhibit 3: The front, in the case of the Galaxy S8 and S8+, is clean and sans any buttons. Contrary to previous reports, the Galaxy S8 and S8+ phones do have a front-mounted home button, only that it is software-based now. The new invisible home button is pressure-sensitive and gives you haptic feedback when you press it, kind of how it is in the case of Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.Samsung, for the first time in what seems like forever, has also incorporated software-based back and recent keys which are editable. Sigh! You can now place the back key where it was always meant to be. On the left, of course! But, what's with that fingerprint scanner, Samsung, is what the whole world seems to be asking. Rear mounted fingerprint scanners aren't new. Google's Pixel is the most classic example of a high-end phone with such a set up. Nobody panics when Google puts the fingerprint scanner on the back. But everyone loses their minds when Samsung does something similar. Everyone has a point though. You see, in the case of the Pixel, the fingerprint scanner has a central placement, while in the case of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ it lies adjacent to the camera module up top. Reaching out to it to unlock these phones, especially the larger Galaxy S8+, would be a nightmare for users with even the biggest of hands. The whole point of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ -- and their USP feature, aka the Infinity display -- was to build a phone that was big on paper and smaller in the hands. The Galaxy S8 (5.8-inch) and S8+ (6.2-inch) may seem huge on paper but they are actually not that intimidating in real life. They are very compact and reassuring when in the hands. All, but the fingerprint scanner. Rather, it sticks out like a sore thumb on an otherwise much sought after device. All isn't lost though. Samsung's Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ may have a weird fingerprint scanner but that's okay. Samsung's new phones come with two additional biometric authentication features, an iris scanner and facial recognition, for added security. No other smartphone in the world offers as many biometrics as Samsung's new Galaxy S phones. That's in addition to the more traditional pattern, password and PIN protection. You can, of course, trick their face recoginition tech with a photo of you, but, the iris scanner should work well for most users. And before I forget, Samsung Pay on-board the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ also works with the iris scanner, adding another level of security to mobile payments. Exhibit 4: Samsung built its own virtual assistant for the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, because, well why not? Bixby is Samsung's take on Apple's Siri and Google's Assistant. It responds to both touch and voice and has the ability to translate as many as 52 languages. Apple's Siri, for your reference, maxes out at 30. "At launch, Bixby's Voice function will integrate with several Samsung native apps and features including Camera, Contacts, Gallery, Messages and Settings, with the plan to expand its capabilities to include more Samsung and third-party apps in the near future," Samsung said. Language translation along with image recognition is said to be the main USP of Bixby. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ will be able to take pictures, identify objects, and provide context to images using Bixby. Both the Galaxy S8 and S8+ also have a dedicated Bixby button -- that you can't re-map now -- that can be used to summon Samsung's virtual assistant. Erstwhile it also rests as a separate home-screen that can be accessed by swiping from the left. It shows everything ranging from the recent photos you've clicked, to the latest news, to the latest weather, to your recent appointments, so on and so forth in a card-based fashion ala Google Now. And oh, the phones do ship with Google Assistant should you be looking to ignore Bixby altogether. For now, Bixby doesn't support voice commands. Also, English in the Indian dialect isn't supported yet. Bixby vision, that gives you shopping and image recommendations, based on images you've clicked with the camera is fun to begin with. For how long, is yet to be seen though.       Exhibit 5: On the camera front, both the phones come with a 12-megapixel 'dual-pixel' rear (with f/1.7 aperture and optical image stabilisation) and an 8-megapixel front shooter combo. While the rear camera is largely the same as the one in last year's Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, Samsung has made software tweaks to enhance post-processing that should result in slightly better results. At the same time, the camera app now houses a barrage of fancy new animations to add AR effects to photos. The front camera, meanwhile, now comes with autofocus in addition to the bumped up resolution (5-megapixel in last year's Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge). Exhibit 6: Both the phones are powered by a 2.3GHz octa-core Exynos 8895 processor clubbed with Mali-G71 MP20 GPU and 4 gigs of RAM along with 64GB of internal memory. The dual-SIM phones run Android Nougat-based TouchWiz UI -- Samsung Experience UX -- and support 4G LTE connectivity.   Exhibit 7: Samsung has also announced a dock (to be sold separately) and a feature called DeX that is very similar to Microsft's Windows Continuum. "Samsung DeX is a unique solution that transforms your smartphone into a desktop by providing a secure desktop-like experience. With Samsung DeX, users can easily display and edit data from their phone, making working from a smartphone faster and smarter," according to the company.                 Exhibit 8: While the Galaxy S8 uses a 3,000mAh battery, the Galaxy S8+ houses a bigger 3,500mAh battery. Both the phones support wireless and quick charging technologies (via USB Type-C port). The new Galaxy S phones from Samsung are an evolved lot that have plenty under the hood to make rivals, most importantly Apple nervous. The Galaxy S8 and S8+ have a fancy new edge-to-edge design, lots of horsepower courtesy a next-gen mobile processor, improved cameras and smart AI tricks. The new Galaxy S phones also have as many as three modes of biometric authentication, and a feature that lets you connect these phones to a monitor the way Microsoft's Windows Continuum does. Moreover, Samsung is also looking to make the Galaxy S8 and S8+ power up your entire home through Samsung Connect Home. Also Read: How Samsung beat Apple in the race for innovation with Galaxy S8, S8+ Samsung's new flagship phones have some new tricks up their sleeves, and some that have been carried forward from last year's Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, most notably water-proofing and expandable storage. The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ will be available for buying starting from May 5 both online and offline at Rs 57,900 and Rs 64,900 respectively. In the case of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ reviews will tell only half the story, because the Note 7 was the best phone ever, until going kaput. Chances are the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ would garner rave reviews as well. It's the first six months of actual usage case scenarios that would, but, define the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. It's for the same reason why many would wait for at least six months to figure out whether or not it's a good idea to invest in Samsung's new flagship phones. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews CAT S60 Review: Rugged but not for everyone Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro review: The big friendly giant Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 review: Ticks almost all the right boxes Coolpad Note 5 Lite review: Looks can be deceiving Sony Xperia XZs review: The pint-sized RX100 IV VIDEOS Airtel and other telecos have offers to match Jio Summer Surprise Samsung Galaxy S8+ Unboxing Nokia 3310: First look, features and expected launch price more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid Shobhit VarmaAirtel Internet TV marries the old with the new in a seamless manner Javed AnwerGovt makes Aadhaar must to download map files, will it be needed next to connect to web? Priya PathakWhatsApp, Facebook addiction is as bad as cocaine craze Javed AnwerEnd of Jio Summer Surprise is no blow, TRAI advise may help Reliance more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 5 ways to keep virtual assistants from sharing your company's secrets 5 ways to keep virtual assistants from sharing your company's secrets Consumers love talking to Alexa, Siri, Cortana and Google Now. But what should CIOs be doing to prepare for the growing use of virtual assistants among their employees? James A. Martin (CIO (US)) 19 April, 2017 23:25 - - - - print email Comments Virtual assistants like Apple’s Siri, Microsoft’s Cortana and Google Now have the potential to make enterprise workers more productive. But do “always listening” assistants pose a serious threat to security and privacy, too? Nineteen percent of organizations are already using intelligent digital assistants, such as Siri and Cortana, for work-related tasks, according to Spiceworks’ October 2016 survey of 566 IT professionals in North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The survey also found that 46 percent of organizations plan to adopt intelligent assistants within five years. Currently, about 500 million people use voice-activated digital assistants, with 1.8 billion people expected to do so by 2021, according to a Bing/iProspect study. Because workplace technology tends to follow consumer tech trends, voice-enabled virtual assistants are expected to become more common at the office, a venture capitalist recently noted in The Wall Street Journal. But when asked about their biggest concerns related to virtual assistants and AI, most IT professionals point to security and privacy issues (48 percent), according to Spiceworks. [ 3 ways AI assistants improve enterprise productivity ] While “virtual assistants deliver tremendous convenience and value, these devices introduce new security and privacy challenges,” notes Merritt Maxim, senior analyst, security and risk, for research firm Forrester. “On one level, they could be compromised for other purposes, such as what happened with the Mirai botnet. Or the devices themselves could be compromised either for malicious purposes, such as collecting data, or merely to prove a vulnerability.” Recent news reports about how the CIA may be able to turn a Samsung Smart TV into a listening device haven’t exactly dispelled such concerns. If you’re planning to integrate virtual assistants into your organization, here are five industry recommendations and IT best practices to consider from security professionals. 1. Focus on user privacy Virtual assistant developers are typically work at large tech companies with the ability to turn their attention to protecting users, vs. “getting product out the door and selling it before someone else does,” says Will Ackerly, co-founder and CTO of Virtru, an email encryption and data security firm. He says that, over time, privacy “will become a premium feature and differentiator” for virtual assistant products. In the meantime, manufacturers should take steps to safeguarde their users by moving more intelligence to their devices and allowing users to maintain control over where their data goes and how it’s protected, Ackerly advises. 2. Develop a policy Assume all devices with a microphone are always listening, says Bill Anderson, who worked on security for BlackBerry and Palm and is now CEO of mobile enterprise security firm OptioLabs. Even if the device has a button to turn off the microphone, if it has a power source it’s still possible it could be recording audio, he warns. Also, remember that virtual assistants may store voice searches and requests on the vendor’s servers. “What would it take to breach that data?,” Anderson asks. He points to the recent Yahoo email hack as an example of how, in a worst-case scenario, an attacker could obtain a “head start on logging into my other accounts and getting access to this (voice recording) data.” To bolster privacy and security, an enterprise should start with the big picture of where its potential vulnerabilities lie, Anderson advises. “Ask yourself, does your organization recognize that there are multiple microphones in every office already? Have you thought about the privacy and security of your in-office PBX phone system? How do you know the firmware in your office phones hasn’t been hacked? How do you know your laptops aren’t running third-party monitoring software? Are there other devices in the office (that record voice)? Do you understand how they got there and what their function is?”   [ Free security tools to support cybersecurity efforts ] Once you have a full picture, develop a policy that reflects “how much trouble you want to go through to ensure regular conversations aren’t being leaked unintentionally,” says Anderson. “And if you care about regular conversations on existing equipment (like PBX phone systems), then you’re ready to think about a policy for virtual assistants.” 3. Treat virtual assistant devices like any IoT device IT “should treat virtual assistant devices just like any other IoT device that records sensitive information and sends it to a third party,” says Marc Laliberte, information security threat analyst for security firm WatchGuard Technologies. “These devices should not be operational in locations where potentially sensitive information is verbally passed. Furthermore, IoT devices should be segmented from the rest of the corporate network to provide additional protections if they become compromised.” One way to segment IoT devices from the corporate network is to connect them to a guest Wi-Fi network, which doesn’t provide access to internal network resources, notes Matias Woloski, CTO and co-Founder of Auth0, a universal identity platform. 4. Decide on BYO or company-owned The BYOD craze of the past few years will inevitably extend to voice-enabled virtual assistant devices such as Google Home and Amazon’s Echo, says David Fapohunda, director of PwC’s financial crimes unit, which deals with cybersecurity. “We’ll see these devices become more commonplace in both personal and corporate applications over the next two years,” says Fapohunda. “Unlike today’s versions, they’ll become more personal, able to identify who the user is by voice recognition, a wearable or potentially something like Wi-Fi acoustics imaging. The next-generation versions will be tailored to each individual and will truly provide deeper contextual responses and automate many manual tasks. A digital assistant will read your emails, voicemails, and even communicate to other virtual assistants in your personal and business network. At this point, the assistants will become a critical business tool like email.” But this scenario in the not-too-distant future introduces a challenge for the enterprise. Do you allow BYO virtual assistants? Or should the company own and manage them? The question will spark more discussion than it has thus far “as C-suite executives refine their next operational expense reduction or workforce optimization strategies,” says Fapohunda. Since personal virtual assistants “rely on the cloud to comprehend complex commands, fetch data or assign complex computing tasks to more resources,” their use in the enterprise raises issues about data ownership, data retention, data and IP theft, and data privacy enforcement that CISOs and CIOs will need to address, he adds. 5. Plan to protect Devices such as Google Home and Amazon’s Echo are designed for homes, not workplaces, notes Will Burns, senior vice president of cybersecurity firm root9B. “While their presence makes certain activities convenient, they’re not geared towards enterprise actions or security and bring with them a number of unresolved security questions,” he adds. “If there is one deployed within the corporate environment, I wouldn’t tie it to a corporate account used for purchasing. I’d minimize its internet access to the specific time when it’s being used for corporate activities, and I’d monitor its network activity. Just like many corporations today now put a cover on their webcams when not in use, there should be similar protections on the microphone for your digital assistant.” ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleBillBlackBerryEchoeMarketerGoogleHomeMicrosoftPalmSamsungSmartSpiceworksWall StreetYahoo Editor's Recommendations Samsung Galaxy S8 phone: full, in-depth review Can more tech save Formula One from fan apathy? When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Everything You Need to Know About Cyber Threats But Were Too Afraid To Ask PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Latest Jobs Delivery Executive SA Telecommunications Installation Manager SA Scrum Master NSW ICT Transformation Integration Manager NSW Software Manager VIC Mobile Studio Lead/ Mobile UX Lead NSW Contracts Manager NSW IT Service Owner - Supply Chain Technologies NSW ICT Relationship Manager - Service Delivery Environment NSW Mobile Studio Manager/ Mobile UX Manager - GAME CHANGER! NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next How will future cars stay up-to-date? Make them open like a PC REA Group to open ‘invention’ lab, continues global growth strategy Mobile VPN just the beginning as Wangle’s scalable network stack eyes the ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google Databricks lays production data pipelines Market Place Secure the Future Workspace - Data protection, Securing IoT, Security Policies & more | IDC Analysts | Hands-on Workshops | Register now Emerging Cyber Threat Summit | Cybersecurity strategy for business leaders in the digital age | 6-8 June | Sydney | Get the agenda CSO Mobile VPN just the beginning as Wangle’s scalable network stack eyes the enterprise Pressure is on Australian CSOs as cybersecurity breaches are found to be near-ubiquitous 457 visa changes will limit Australian companies’ access to overseas security talent A vigilante hacker may have built a computer worm to protect the IoT ​Microsoft releases password killer: the Authenticator phone sign-in Computerworld Virgin Australia tests in-flight Wi-Fi Boards don't get cyber security (but fear the risks), ASX health check finds Bringing agile to life Unleashing the value of big data in the financial services industry Telcos want to help consumers understand broadband performance ARN ​Looking beyond IoT to Intelligent Things Govt cyber security plan marks new scope for the Aussie IT channel Inabox Group gets $3M savings boost from Hostworks synergies Can IBM escape its revenue slump? Riverbed buys Xirrus in SD-WAN push Techworld Facebook aims to let people type from their brain, hear with skin Bringing agile to life Unleashing the value of big data in the financial services industry What 5G means for your business Cisco issues 7 “high priority” security advisories; Firepower, IOS and ASA issues among them CMO ​Bricks and clicks: Balancing digital and physical to win the retail game CMO's top 8 martech stories for this week - 20 April How UNSW's new marketing division is tackling digital strategy ​TEG conducts large-scale data science project to discover customer segments Updated: Industry weighs in on Oracle's acquisition of Moat Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks Starcraft GoogleEarth GalaxyS8 FacebookF8 Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Virtual Reality/ Samsung Gear VR (2017) Samsung Gear VR (2017) editor rating: good Comments April 19, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 8 Photos in Gallery Pros Includes comfortable, easy-to-use controller. Compatible with Galaxy S6, S7, S8, and Note 5. Inexpensive for VR. Cons Some older software isn't compatible. Non-game content is stale. Few apps officially support controller. Bottom Line Samsung's Gear VR headset becomes much more usable with a handheld controller, but finding good virtual reality content is frustrating. By Sascha Segan Samsung's new Gear VR ($129.99) adds a Bluetooth controller that puts it on par, from a hardware perspective, with Google's Daydream View. But at least at launch, the VR apps on offer are a mess, keeping this VR headset an early adopter minefield rather than something you'd want to recommend to your friends. That said, most people will get the Gear VR and controller for free, bundled with a new Samsung Galaxy S8 phone. And as a free accessory, it's certainly good for some fun. //Compare Similar Products Compare Samsung Gear VR (2016)   %displayPrice%%seller% Google Daydream View   %displayPrice%%seller% Sony PlayStation VR   %displayPrice%%seller% HTC Vive   %displayPrice%%seller% Oculus Rift   %displayPrice%%seller% Samsung Gear VR (2015)   %displayPrice%%seller% Putting It On The Gear VR hardware hasn't changed much. It's a foam-padded headset with Velcro straps that go above and around your head. The foam padding is removable, in case it gets too gunky and you want to replace it. A Galaxy S6, S7, S8, or Note 5 phone snaps into the front, using either a USB-C or micro USB port. (There are removable port modules on the headset itself.) On the side, there's a touch pad, below back and home buttons for navigation. A focus wheel toward the front adjusts the headset to match your eyesight. The headset fit just fine over my glasses. I found it comfortable and not sweaty, without the irritating light leak up the bridge of my nose that plagued me on the Daydream View. To use the Gear VR for the first time, you snap your phone into it and then disconnect it, which prompts you to download the Oculus app. The Oculus app contains a UI and store that syncs up with an Oculus account on your PC, if you have one. View All 8 Photos in Gallery You get a 101-degree field of view that follows your head as you move it around. VR experiences are smooth, but slightly grainy, with visible pixels no matter what phone you use. The 4.25-inch-long, 2.27-ounce Bluetooth controller changes the Gear VR experience in a big way. Selecting things used to be the most annoying part of using the headset: you either had to stare at something for several seconds, or tap the control pad on the side, jiggling your headset. Using a handheld controller is much easier. If you already own a Gear VR, you can buy a controller for $39.99. The controller itself fits easily into the right or left hand and has a touch pad, a large button, a trigger, and home, back, and volume buttons. It's powered by two AAA batteries that Samsung says will last for 40 days of use. It can detect tilt, but not free motion in space. Using the Gear VR is still a seated experience, unlike the HTC Vive or Qualcomm's standalone Snapdragon 835 VR platform. The Spring of Our Discontent VR is nothing without content. That's the Gear VR's problem. The Oculus Store is full of games, but several of the apps I used worked poorly, erratically, or not at all. While Samsung says 70 controller-enabled apps are in the works, there are only eight apps that officially support the controller at launch (five games, a star chart app, and two social networking apps). Even in non-controller-optimized apps, the main button works to select or fire, and swiping on the touch pad maps to swipes on the headset's touch pad. When apps worked, I found the controller to be easily responsive, although it had to be recentered (by holding down the home button) each time I put the headset on. But I downloaded a bunch of apps and got a grab bag of problems. At one point, the Oculus app itself gave up and crashed. The games A Night Sky, Bandit Six: Salvo, Oogie, Temple Run VR, Wheelrush, and Zombie Strike all worked fine. But the Samsung VR video app stuttered in a Janelle Monae music video. The Disney VR app had buffering issues on Wi-Fi. The game Rangi had clipped audio. And the apps Rose (a VR film) and vTime (a social network) just wouldn't launch at all. I'm also not convinced that some of the content platforms are being updated. Both Samsung VR and Within currently have a strikingly similar lineup of 360-degree videos to when I looked at the Gear VR last year. There's no YouTube app; you can get to YouTube via the browser, but that's a step behind Google Daydream. You can watch movies on a private "big screen" through a Netflix app, but there are no Amazon or Hulu apps. Free Is a Very Good Price As mentioned, most people will get the Gear VR as a free add-on with their Galaxy phone. Fine! It makes a great free add-on. But for the Gear VR to be a real differentiator, there need to be real reasons to use it. Some of those reasons may come from Facebook, which just announced the new Facebook Spaces VR world at its F8 conference. Facebook owns Oculus, so Facebook VR is likely to appear on the Gear VR first. In a briefing at Samsung HQ in Seoul, product strategy team VP Robert Kim said Samsung, Oculus, and Facebook are working together to make "the experience across Gear VR and Oculus Rift the same experience." But I just can't recommend Gear VR enthusiastically until I feel the store and platform are richer and more stable. And if games aren't your thing, there also just isn't enough there. VR content platforms like Samsung VR and Within still feel like a stack of early demos and short movies made by content creators who did a few things and then left. There's no continual stream of new, engaging apps. We gave last year's iteration of the Gear VR a higher rating, but that was based partially on the promise of new content. This is the third generation of Gear VR, and the platform feels stalled. Samsung and Facebook need better, more reliable apps to make the Gear VR a worthwhile purchase. For now, if you're interested in VR, you're better off going all-in with Sony's Playstation VR or the HTC Vive. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Oculus Rift By Sascha Segan Lead Analyst, Mobile Twitter Email PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 9 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, one of the hosts of the daily PCMag Live Web show and speaks frequently in mass media on cell-phone-related issues. His commentary has appeared on ABC, the BBC, the CBC, CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and in newspapers from San Antonio, Texas to Edmonton, Alberta. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer, having contributed... More » More Stories by Sascha Samsung Galaxy S8+ The Samsung Galaxy S8+ is a larger version of the excellent Galaxy S8, trading a slightly bigger bat... More » This Is How We Need to Measure Phone Screens Now The LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 have tall, narrow screens. You can't compare them using diagonals. L... More » Comcast Gives Wireless Service a Try With Xfinity Mobile Xfinity Mobile will be sold to existing Comcast customers for $12/GB of data or up to $65/line for a... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills The Strange World of Console-Computer Hybrids 5 Video Games You'll Want to Buy in April Privacy 101: Why You Need a VPN Spotify Tricks That Will Make You a Streaming Samurai 20 Tricks to Master Google Photos »See More //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 10 Apps Every Lazy Person Needs Google Drive Tips You Can't Afford to Miss »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman EIDR Round Trip Complete YouTube Financial Reports Will Include EIDR IDs for Google Play Transactions; Disney, Sony Pictures and Warner Bros. Among Participants MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.(4/18/2017) – Google has announced that YouTube Transactional reports have been improved to include the Entertainment Identifier Registry (EIDR) ID when that number is provided in an Avail. This marks the long-anticipated completion of the EIDR „round trip,” where the EIDR ID is used in the initial publishing of the Avail for a piece of Film/TV content all the way through to financial reporting on the performance of the content. Transactional reports will include both the EIDR Title ID and the EIDR Edit ID if provided to that level of granularity by the content supplier.   „We realized early on that supporting a common, robust identifier throughout our supply chains, in concert with the industry standard EMA Avails specification, would yield huge dollar savings from efficiency. Further, such improved automation would improve time-to-market for our content partners’ entertainment assets,” said Bill Kotzman, Partner/Product Manager at YouTube/Google, and EIDR Board Member. „And now, EIDR is an integral part of automating the financial reporting for us and our content partners.”  This announcement is a major milestone in a concerted effort between Google Play and content suppliers including major Hollywoodstudios, themselves charter members of EIDR. „The EIDR round-trip delivers long-awaited efficiencies in the Digital Supply Chain, resulting in game-changing systemic improvements and enhanced financial reporting and invoicing capabilities industry-wide,” said Kelly Fong-Bouchey, Director, Client Relations & Operations, Warner Bros. Technology. „The Warner Bros. Technology team is excited that Google, a key digital distribution partner, has embraced and integrated the EIDR round-trip into its workflows.” „Sony Pictures Entertainment has adopted EIDR throughout its data systems, and more recently, as the key to transactional digital supply chain automation,” said Ellen Goodridge, SVP Digital Supply Chain and Product Development, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. „The completion of the EIDR round-trip with Google Play represents an opportunity to enable more standards-based automation that will increase efficiency for the premium digital business.” „Disney is pleased to see the progress EIDR has made in its ability to drive efficiencies through automated, standards-based workflows across our integrated digital supply chain,” said Christopher Stefanidis, Vice-President, Digital Distribution Operations and Strategy, Walt Disney Pictures and Television. „Achieving this initial round-trip milestone is a significant step and we look forward to establishing many other targeted uses for EIDR with our industry partners.” About EIDR: EIDR (Entertainment ID Registry) is a universal identifier system for movie and television assets. From top level titles, edits and DVDs to encodings, clips and mash-ups, EIDR provides highly curated, globally unique identifiers for the entire range of audiovisual object types that are relevant to entertainment commerce. For more information about EIDR, please visit eidr.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Signet Announces Appointment of Prominent Judge to Conduct Independent Review Next PostNext Global Rainwater Harvesting Sales Market Size, Business Growth and Opportunities Report Search Recent Posts Disposal of Social Intelligence RentVest Property Management Announces Alliance with Boomerang to Combine Services for Rental Property Investors Corporate Finance Associates Advises River City Engineering in Its Acquisition by Trihydro Corporation New Diborane Market Research Report Focused On World Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Rossville, GA Author Publishing Leadership Book Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google Name Broadplace Top Performing Premier Partner Agency Centre: Account Director Anjay Ramanlal and Managing Director Ajay Syal of Broadplace Broadplace achieved 50 times more incremental growth than the average agency, with digital revenues increasing 130% year-on-year. LEATHERHEAD, SURREY, UNITED KINGDOM, April 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Google recently named Broadplace as their Number One TOP PERFORMING PREMIER PARTNER AGENCY at the Google Game On awards ceremony held at their new Kings Cross offices in London. Premier Partners are the highest and most prestigious rank of Google agencies – only the most skilled agencies achieve this status level. Broadplace achieved 50 times more incremental growth than the average agency. Both the agency and their customers have experienced great recent growth and the agency has seen digital revenues increase in excess of 130% year-on-year. Google recognised Broadplace’s continued ability to grow and sustain its client base – indeed, for a number of years Broadplace has been amongst the top 5 Google Partners in the entire EMEA region in terms of client retention which is currently running at a massive 97%. Broadplace Managing Director Ajay Syal commented: “It really doesn’t get much better than this, Broadplace are ecstatic about winning the Top Performing Premier Partner Agency award from Google. We have won many awards previously but this one goes straight to the top of the trophy cabinet. This enviable recognition is testament to the passion, blood, sweat and tears that the entire Broadplace family has consistently delivered in the pursuit of excellence for all of our clients.” Ajay continues: “This is also great news for our clients because we believe that there is a direct symbiotic relationship between our clients’ success and our success. This is why at the heart of our company ethos and our mission statement we realise our purpose is to ensure we build and grow our clients’ businesses first and foremost. Referrals and organic growth have been our main drivers so to win the title of Top Performing Premier Partner Agency is real testament not only to our expertise and technology but our strong client relationships.” In the competitive digital agency marketplace (there are many thousands of agencies in the UK), it can be tricky for clients to choose which agency will be successful for them. Which is why the moniker of “Top Performing Agency”, given by Google themselves, can help advertisers to understand who could provide the best service. Premier Partner agencies are defined by assessment of their overall performance which is evaluated based on client revenue growth and retention, and growth in overall revenue and number of advertisers along with the number of Google certified people affiliated to the agency. The relationship between Broadplace and its customers is one of the reasons the company consistently outperforms other agencies. The company’s transparency and flexibility breeds trust with clients, which allows the latter to grow their business – growing their online visibility and enjoying increased revenue as a result. Key differentiators of Broadplace include proprietary technology, developed alongside Google engineers, and their own real-time, pro-active campaign management platform “CampaignHub” – helping hundreds of clients optimise and maximise their online campaigns. Transparent reporting and invoicing means that clients have complete access and knowledge of where their budget is going and how hard it is working for them. As an established and experienced agency, Broadplace has been a Google Partner agency for over 11 years and is proud to have been part of the Premier Partner tier for the last three years now. A pedigree like this is rare in this industry and reflects the business values of transparency, integrity and expertise. EMILY DEAN Broadplace Advertising +442030319746 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Managed File Transfer (MFT) Software and Service Market is Expected to Exceed USD 1750 Million Revenue by 2022 Next PostNext Honeywell TITAN(TM) Firefighter Breathing Equipment Makes Locating Downed Firefighters Easier Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google Name Broadplace Top Performing Premier Partner Agency Centre: Account Director Anjay Ramanlal and Managing Director Ajay Syal of Broadplace Broadplace achieved 50 times more incremental growth than the average agency, with digital revenues increasing 130% year-on-year. LEATHERHEAD, SURREY, UNITED KINGDOM, April 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Google recently named Broadplace as their Number One TOP PERFORMING PREMIER PARTNER AGENCY at the Google Game On awards ceremony held at their new Kings Cross offices in London. Premier Partners are the highest and most prestigious rank of Google agencies – only the most skilled agencies achieve this status level. Broadplace achieved 50 times more incremental growth than the average agency. Both the agency and their customers have experienced great recent growth and the agency has seen digital revenues increase in excess of 130% year-on-year. Google recognised Broadplace’s continued ability to grow and sustain its client base – indeed, for a number of years Broadplace has been amongst the top 5 Google Partners in the entire EMEA region in terms of client retention which is currently running at a massive 97%. Broadplace Managing Director Ajay Syal commented: “It really doesn’t get much better than this, Broadplace are ecstatic about winning the Top Performing Premier Partner Agency award from Google. We have won many awards previously but this one goes straight to the top of the trophy cabinet. This enviable recognition is testament to the passion, blood, sweat and tears that the entire Broadplace family has consistently delivered in the pursuit of excellence for all of our clients.” Ajay continues: “This is also great news for our clients because we believe that there is a direct symbiotic relationship between our clients’ success and our success. This is why at the heart of our company ethos and our mission statement we realise our purpose is to ensure we build and grow our clients’ businesses first and foremost. Referrals and organic growth have been our main drivers so to win the title of Top Performing Premier Partner Agency is real testament not only to our expertise and technology but our strong client relationships.” In the competitive digital agency marketplace (there are many thousands of agencies in the UK), it can be tricky for clients to choose which agency will be successful for them. Which is why the moniker of “Top Performing Agency”, given by Google themselves, can help advertisers to understand who could provide the best service. Premier Partner agencies are defined by assessment of their overall performance which is evaluated based on client revenue growth and retention, and growth in overall revenue and number of advertisers along with the number of Google certified people affiliated to the agency. The relationship between Broadplace and its customers is one of the reasons the company consistently outperforms other agencies. The company’s transparency and flexibility breeds trust with clients, which allows the latter to grow their business – growing their online visibility and enjoying increased revenue as a result. Key differentiators of Broadplace include proprietary technology, developed alongside Google engineers, and their own real-time, pro-active campaign management platform “CampaignHub” – helping hundreds of clients optimise and maximise their online campaigns. Transparent reporting and invoicing means that clients have complete access and knowledge of where their budget is going and how hard it is working for them. As an established and experienced agency, Broadplace has been a Google Partner agency for over 11 years and is proud to have been part of the Premier Partner tier for the last three years now. A pedigree like this is rare in this industry and reflects the business values of transparency, integrity and expertise. EMILY DEAN Broadplace Advertising +442030319746 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Managed File Transfer (MFT) Software and Service Market is Expected to Exceed USD 1750 Million Revenue by 2022 Next PostNext Honeywell TITAN(TM) Firefighter Breathing Equipment Makes Locating Downed Firefighters Easier Search Recent Posts Research Developments Project Octocrylene Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2022 New Australian Women’s Lifestyle Magazine Launch Banking on a sustainable future for our regions Octinoxate Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Interactive Kiosks Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Android 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Rohan Naravane Say Goodbye to SMS: The Best Google Hangouts Alternatives Android Say Goodbye to SMS: The Best Google Hangouts Alternatives Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Is Security Through Obscurity Safer Than Open Source Software? Technology Explained Is Security Through Obscurity Safer Than Open Source Software? Bertel King, Jr. April 19, 2017 19-04-2017 5 minutes Is Security Through Obscurity Safer Than Open Source Software? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Linux users often cite security benefits as one of the reasons to prefer open source software. Since the code is open for everyone to see, there are more eyes searching for potential bugs. They refer to the opposite approach, where code is only visible to the developers, as security through obscurity. Only a few people can see the code, and the people who want to take advantage of bugs aren’t on that list. While this language is common in the open source world, this isn’t a Linux-specific issue. In fact, this debate is older than computers. So is the question settled? Is one approach actually safer than the other, or is it possible that there’s truth to both? What Is Security Through Obscurity? Security through obscurity is the reliance on secrecy as a means of protecting components of a system. This method is partially adopted by the companies behind today’s most successful commercial operating systems: Microsoft, Apple, and to a lesser extent, Google. The idea is that if bad actors don’t know a flaw exists, how can they take advantage of them 3 Windows 98 Bugs Worth Revisiting 3 Windows 98 Bugs Worth Revisiting Is it just nostalgia that keeps me attached to this OS, or was Windows 98 actually worth remembering? This operating system released 15 years ago had its ups and downs. Critics have been pretty harsh... Read More ? You and I cannot take a peak at the code that makes Windows run (unless you happen to have a relationship with Microsoft). The same is true of macOS. Google open sources the core components of Android Is Android Really Open Source? And Does It Even Matter? Is Android Really Open Source? And Does It Even Matter? Here we explore whether or not Android is really open source. After all, it is based on Linux! Read More , but most apps remain proprietary. Similarly, Chrome OS is largely open source, except for the special bits that separate Chrome from Chromium Is Google Eavesdropping on Chromium Users? Is Google Eavesdropping on Chromium Users? Open source developers have found that the Debian version of Chromium is downloading code from Google records the user via PC mic and streams the audio back for analysis. Is Google eavesdropping on you? Read More . What Are the Drawbacks? Since we cannot see what’s going on in the code, we have to trust companies when they say their software is secure. In reality, they may have the strongest security in the industry (as seems to be the case with Google’s online services), or they may have glaring holes that embarrassingly linger around for years. Security by obscurity, on its own, does not provide a system with security. This is taken as a given in the world of cryptography. Kerckhoff’s principle argues that a cryptosystem should be secure even if the mechanisms fall into the hands of the enemy. This principle dates all the way back to the late 1800s. Shannon’s maxim followed in the 20th century. It says that people should design systems under the assumption that opponents will immediately become familiar with them. Back in the 1850s, American locksmith Alfred Hobbs demonstrated how to pick state-of-the-art locks made by manufacturers who claimed that secrecy made their designs safer. People who make their livelihoods (so to speak) picking locks get really good at picking locks. Just because they may not have seen one before doesn’t make it impenetrable. This can be seen in the regular security updates that arrive on Windows, macOS, and other proprietary operating systems. If keeping the code private were enough to keep flaws hidden, they wouldn’t need to be patched. Security Through Obscurity Can’t Be the Only Solution Fortunately, this approach is only part of the defensive plan these companies take. Google rewards people who discover security flaws in Chrome, and it’s hardly the only the only tech giant to use this tactic. Proprietary tech companies spend billions on making their software safe. They aren’t relying entirely on smoke and mirrors to keep bad guys away. Instead, they rely on security as only the first layer of defense, slowing attackers down by making it harder for them to get information on the system they’re looking to infiltrate. The thing is, sometimes the threat doesn’t come from outside the operating system Microsoft Eases Your Windows 10 Privacy Concerns Microsoft Eases Your Windows 10 Privacy Concerns Ahead of the release of the Creators Update, Microsoft is addressing people's privacy concerns regarding Windows 10. But will this be enough to appease privacy advocates? Read More . The release of Windows 10 showed many users that unwanted behavior can come from the software itself. Microsoft has ramped up its efforts to collect information on Windows users in order to further monetize its product. What it does with that data, we don’t know. We can’t take a look at the code to see. And even when Microsoft does open up, it remains purposefully vague. Is Open Source Security Better? When source code is public, more eyes are available to spot vulnerabilities. If there are bugs in the code, the thinking goes, then someone will spot them. And don’t think of sneaking a backdoor into your software. Someone will notice, and they will call you out. Few people expect end users to view and make sense of source code. That’s for other developers and security experts to do. We can rest easy knowing that they’re doing this work on our behalf. Or can we? We can draw an easy parallel with government. When new legislation or executive orders are passed, sometimes journalists and law professionals scrutinize the material. Sometimes it goes under the radar. Bugs such as Heartbleed have shown us that security isn’t guaranteed. Sometimes bugs are so obscure that they go decades without detection, even though the software is in use by millions (not to say this doesn’t happen on Windows too). It can take a while to discover quirks such as hitting the Backspace key 28 times to bypass the lockscreen. And just because many people can look at code doesn’t mean that they do. Again, as we sometimes see in government, public material can go ignored simply because it’s boring. So why is Linux widely regarded as being a secure operating system Is Linux Really as Secure as You Think It Is? Is Linux Really as Secure as You Think It Is? Linux is often touted as the most secure operating system you can get your hands onto, but is this really the case? Let's take a look at different aspects of Linux computer security. Read More ? While this is partly due to the advantages of Unix-style design, Linux also benefits from the sheer number of people invested in its ecosystem. With organizations as varied and diverse as Google and IBM to the U.S. Department of Defense and the Chinese government The Chinese Government Has A New Linux Distro: Is It Any Good? The Chinese Government Has A New Linux Distro: Is It Any Good? Ubuntu Kylin is a heavily customized spin of Ubuntu Linux, built by the Chinese government, aimed at Chinese users. Unlike other government-based Linux projects, Ubuntu Kylin is actually pretty good! Read More , there are many parties invested in keeping the software secure. Since the code is open, people are free to make improvements and submit them back for other Linux users to benefit from. Or they can keep those improvements for themselves Open Source vs. Free Software: What's the Difference and Why Does It Matter? Open Source vs. Free Software: What's the Difference and Why Does It Matter? Many assume "open source" and "free software" mean the same thing but that's not true. It's in your best interest to know what the differences are. Read More . By comparison, Windows and macOS are limited to the improvements that come directly from Microsoft and Apple. Plus, while Windows may be dominant on desktops, Linux is widely used on servers and other pieces of mission critical hardware. Many companies like having the option to make their own fixes when the stakes are this high. And if you’re truly paranoid Linux Distros For The Paranoid: What Are The Most Secure Distros? Linux Distros For The Paranoid: What Are The Most Secure Distros? If you're a Linux user, security was probably one of the benefits that made you switch from whatever operating system you were using before. Linux has a great reputation for being one tough nut to... Read More or need to guarantee that no one is monitoring what’s happening on your PC, you can only do that if you can verify what the code on your machine is doing. Which Security Model Do You Prefer? There is a general consensus that encryption algorithms must be open, as long as keys are private How Does Encryption Work, and Is It Really Safe? How Does Encryption Work, and Is It Really Safe? Read More . But there is no consensus that all software would be safer if the code were open. This may not even be the right question to ask. Other factors impact how vulnerable your system may be, such as how often exploits are discovered and how quickly they’re fixed. Nonetheless, does the closed-source nature of Windows or macOS leave you feeling uncomfortable? Do you use them anyway? Do you consider that a perk, not a detriment? Chime in! Previous PostCan Cybersecurity Keep Up? The Future of Malware and AntivirusNext PostEasily Remove Aggressive Malware With These 7 Tools 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Bruce Epper April 19, 2017 at 2:49 pm The title doesn't make sense. Security through obscurity is what closed source software relies on so how would one be safer than the other? Reply Gavin Phillips April 19, 2017 at 8:31 pm Hey Bruce, Glad to see you're still browsing and keeping an eye on things. Hope all is well with you, Gavin Reply Bertel King, Jr. 146 articles Bertel both earned a college degree (in the humanities) and built a career using Linux-powered laptops. Now he uses his education and life experience to question the ethical decisions behind today's technology. He advocates the use of free software and believes computing should be accessible to all regardless of economic… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending What Are Kodi Boxes and Is It Legal to Own One? Entertainment What Are Kodi Boxes and Is It Legal to Own… 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Android 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Tech News Android Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Advertisement Related Articles Easily Remove Aggressive Malware With These 7 Tools Security Easily Remove Aggressive Malware With These 7 Tools Can Cybersecurity Keep Up? The Future of Malware and Antivirus Security Can Cybersecurity Keep Up? The Future of Malware and Antivirus How to Easily Clone and Restore a Linux Disk Image With dd Linux How to Easily Clone and Restore a Linux Disk Image With dd Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Gadgets Amazon’s Fire TV Stick is now available in India Gadgets Amazon’s Fire TV Stick is now available in India By Bertila Helena - Apr 19, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Amazon’s officially brought its Fire TV Stick to India, setting up the device as a rival to Google’s Chromecast. Like the latter, the former plugs into a TV’s HDMI port and streams content over Wi-Fi. Supported services include Prime Video, Hotstar, YouTube, Netflix, and Gaana. The Fire TV Stick is now available via Amazon India and is priced at Rs 3999. It’s set to hit offline outlets like Croma and Reliance Digital on April 20. Prime members stand to get Rs 499 cashback in the form of Amazon Pay balance. They’ll also have their Amazon account pre-registered on the device to make the set-up process run smoothly. Amazon’s offering a number of limited-period deals to go along with the stick. Airtel customers will get 100GB of free data on their broadband and 4G Wi-Fi connection over the course of 3 months. You Broadband users stand to receive 240GB of data over 3 months. Eros Now is giving away 3 months of its premium subscription tier, while Gaana is promising 6 months of ad-free streaming. Also See: Amazon patents flying warehouses that use drones to deliver goods The Fire TV Stick sets itself apart from the Google Chromecast thanks to a voice-controlled remote. Owners can search for titles manually or by simply speaking into it. It notably isn’t powered by Amazon’s popular AI assistant Alexa. Specs-wise, it features 1GB of RAM, 8GB of ROM, a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor, Bluetooth 4.1 support, and dual-band Wi-Fiac connectivity. Like we said above, you can buy the Fire TV Stick via Amazon India. TAGS Amazon Fire TV Stick Amazon India Google Chromecast Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus hit India Next articleFacebook F8 conference goes heavy on AR, VR, Messenger bots Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR This typewriter is a wireless Bluetooth keyboard in disguise This woman’s face got burnt after her headphones exploded mid-flight Google and Levi’s smart jacket is hitting stores this fall 244,563FansLike 13,640FollowersFollow 13,946SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung Galaxy Note 8’s dual cameras to be better than the... Bindu Nair - Apr 20, 2017 0 Facebook F8 conference goes heavy on AR, VR, Messenger bots Bindu Nair - Apr 19, 2017 0 Amazon’s Fire TV Stick is now available in India Bertila Helena - Apr 19, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News Sport NRL AFL Union Soccer Cricket Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz World Politics Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Comment That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Entertainment Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News April 19 2017 - 11:45PM Save Print Google's Artificial Intelligence software Deep Mind is Go Bloomberg News 11 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More It's time for the humans to have another Go. An artificial intelligence program romped to a lopsided victory over South Korean Go master Lee Sedol in 2016. Now, Google DeepMind's AI software is heading to the 2500-year-old board game's roots, taking on top-ranked Chinese player Ke Jie in May in a formal rematch between man and machine. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The defeat of South Korean professional Go player Lee Sedol by Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, showed just how far AI has come.  Photo: LEE JIN-MAN The Alphabet company and China's government are convening a five-day AI symposium from May 23 in the picturesque water-town of Wuzhen, expected to draw some of the top minds in the field from both Google and around the country. The proceedings includen not just the marquee human-AI match-up, but also a number of experimental matches in which Go masters may team up with their own AI counterparts, or join forces against a single machine player. The idea is to showcase the evolution of machine intelligence, Demis Hassabis, chief executive officer and and co-founder of Google DeepMind, wrote in a blog post. The aim of the forum is to discuss how machine-learning methods behind AlphaGo can be useful in grappling with real-world issues such as energy consumption. "There remains much more to learn from this partnership between Go's best human players and its most creative AI competitor," he wrote. AlphaGo made headlines last year after winning a five-match tournament against Lee, who was considered the world's best player of Go over the past decade. DeepMind's success astounded experts, who thought it would take as much as a decade before AI could beat top-ranked professional players of the game. While its rules are simple – players battle for territory by placing white or black stones on a 19-by-19 grid of squares – it's regarded as far more complex than chess, by an order of magnitude of 10 followed by 99 zeros. The widely covered contest provoked discussion on social media about whether the AI could in fact beat a player from the nation that spawned the game several millennia ago. AlphaGo, however, has since engaged in a number of casual online matches – including with Ke Jie –- and consistently won. Advertisement HuffPost Australia There's Now A Dating App For The ... Contains: External link Facebook Messenger Wants To Be Your New ... Contains: External link Most Popular Bose headphones spying on customers: lawsuit Scientists found a giant shipworm. You may wish it stayed in its tube Young hackers cleaning up the internet Huge asteroid nicknamed 'The Rock' to sail past Earth on Thursday Google eyes ad-blocker for Chrome browser Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Huge asteroid nicknamed 'The Rock' to sail past Earth on Thursday Bose headphones spying on customers: lawsuit Samsung Galaxy S8: a bold, beautiful design with just one flaw Scientists found a giant shipworm. You may wish it stayed in its tube iPhone delayed as supply chain bites back Brisbane Times Siblings returning from Easter trip when tragedy struck Truck dumps burning rubbish on Brisbane street Meet the 48 millionaires who pay no income tax Meet the couple who bought their house with cash Man crushed to death in workplace incident The Sydney Morning Herald The sad reason why many mothers take selfies with their kids Meet the 48 millionaires who pay no income tax Speak English, respect our values: PM's citizenship crackdown Restaurant chain accused of using trainee program to underpay staff The first Sydney CBD tower to face the wrecking ball The Age Meet the 48 millionaires who pay no income tax Yarra Trams cuts short hundreds of trams a day to stay on time Grown-ups spit bricks over Lego ban Speak English, respect our values: PM's citizenship crackdown Meet the couple who bought their house with cash Canberra Times 'Ripping apart the nation's capital': government plans Canberra public service clear-out 'BBQ-gate': public servants warned of 'consequences' Canberra public servant claims $3.3m in Oz Lotto win 457 worker faces deportation after Canberra franchise collapse Meet the 48 millionaires who pay no income tax WA Today Perth driver cleaned up by Transperth bus in dash cam footage Meet the 48 millionaires who pay no income tax Meet the couple who bought their house with cash Perth's 'bike Santa' forced to put good deeds on hold after theft Restaurant chain accused of using trainee program to underpay staff Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Opinion Thursday, April 20, 2017    Last update: 1 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland CONTRIBUTORS Google and Facebook oppose managing the internet. Except when they’re doing it. Print Email Share Tweet Richard B. Levine | TNS Various ports on the rear of a Verizon Fios set top box are seen in a 2010 file image. The company joined Comcast in reacting to Congress' move to kill privacy rules protecting broadband users, by announcing that would not sell customer browsing histories to advertisers. By David Chavern, The Washington Post Posted April 19, 2017, at 10 a.m. Google and Facebook are facing new competition to their online business models after President Donald Trump signed a bill putting internet service providers on a path to being able to monetize online users the same way these technology giants do. Next up is the threatened unwinding of the Obama administration’s “net neutrality” rules, which could put these companies in a double bind, because they could soon have to pay internet service providers a metered rate to move their content to customers’ screens. Google and Facebook will argue — as they did during our fight on net neutrality in 2015 — that internet service providers should not be able to prioritize and price the flow of online content. The problem is that they make the exact opposite argument in their role as distributors of news content crucial to our democracy. The two digital giants increase or reduce users’ exposure to news content based on whether publishers — such as the Wall Street Journal or the Indianapolis Star — agree to play by their rules. Those rules are crafted to maximize the flow of advertising revenue, not quality content. Proponents of net neutrality, including Google and Facebook, persuaded the Federal Communications Commission to treat internet service providers as “common carriers,” akin to traditional telephone companies. Under decades-old law, such entities are subject to high levels of government regulation on price, access and other consumer issues, all in the name of the public good. Because of the elevated levels of regulation, internet service providers aren’t permitted to favor any content, regardless of consumer demand. Now that Ajit Pai — who has said that net neutrality’s “days are numbered” — has become chairman of the FCC, many think the agency will help internet service providers reclaim the ability to set their own rules and “toggle” content based on revenue opportunity. News outlets, as creators of high-quality (and expensive) news content, like a level playing field and have supported net neutrality. But it would be hypocritical for Google and Facebook to be the faces of this fight, given their business models. The digital giants have become central to how millions of Americans consume their news, and as these companies rely on consumers’ ever-increasing appetites for news to capture their audiences, the business terms they dictate put intense stress on news industry economics. For example, Google requires publishers to offer “First Click Free” content, lest they be punished — with demoted content that doesn’t abide by the rules in search results. Facebook’s “Instant Articles” allows articles to load faster in user news feeds, even with the newly announced changes and trials, but doesn’t allow a simple or direct way to subscribe to a publication. Meanwhile, both companies pressure newsrooms’ bottom lines by soaking up online ad revenue. A study by Digital Content Next, a publishing trade group, found that major publishers with large digital operations earned only about 14 percent of their total revenue in the first half of last year from distribution platforms — and most of that was from YouTube. Smaller news publishers get peanuts. This debate — as well as the spread of fake news and questions about digital companies’ responsibility in weeding out false content — seems to be leading the tech giants into an increasingly fraught political landscape. Media reporter Michael Wolff observed that the Trump administration and Republican-controlled Congress are creating a “uniquely dangerous moment” for the digital industry as its “customers and employees demand that companies swear ever-more anti-Trump oaths.” Google and Facebook understand the burgeoning vulnerability in their positions. Each has teams to think through its relationships with news content providers. Facebook brought on former CNN anchor Campbell Brown to “help news organizations and journalists work more closely and more effectively with Facebook.” Although welcome, such outreach won’t be enough. Newsrooms have always cooperated with Facebook — so much so that they have co-opted their economic models. What’s really needed is a fair and sustainable split on the advertising income earned off breaking news and good reporting, not just more happy talk about the importance of journalism. As the net neutrality issue heats up again, Facebook’s and Google’s conflicting positions won’t go unnoticed. These companies argue that their content shouldn’t be prioritized based on revenue-driven decisions by internet service providers, yet they are doing the same thing to news organizations. It’s an inconsistency that even ardent defenders of net neutrality will be unable to resolve. Something’s got to give. David Chavern is president and chief executive of the News Media Alliance, a trade association representing about 2,000 newspapers in the United States and Canada.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Ex-manager of Bangor restaurant claims he was fired illegally over military leave Suit: Woman stole $200,000 from police motorcycle club Registered sex offender arrested at Wiscasset school concert Argument between husband, boyfriend preceded Easter shooting, wife says ‘All lives matter,’ LePage tells protesters at USM Fox network’s response to sexual harassment reports sends chilling message to victims Here’s an easy way for Maine to solve its child care problem Congress could gut this rule that protects Mainers who use prepaid cards Thursday, April 20, 2017: Why we have the Second Amendment, push against anti-immigrant bill, don’t punish people with hardships Google and Facebook oppose managing the internet. Except when they’re doing it. Aaron Hernandez found dead in prison cell; family seeks probe UMaine ties that bind: Former basketball standout savors NBA grind NCAA announces hockey regional sites; UMaine bid unaffected Trump welcomes Patriots to White House; Brady no-shows Bangor, Brewer softball teams relying on new pitchers THE BDN BUZZ Ex-Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez found dead in jail cell GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Are food plots the same as baiting deer? #MAINE WalletHub study names Maine one of top 10 eco-friendliest states in the U.S. DAVID FARMER This is what happens when a state neglects public health #MAINE The Chainsmokers are more popular than ever, but not with music critics Bangor Peace Corps volunteer, 71, finds adventure, service in Guatemala If you use a store bathroom do you have to make a small purchase? The hot new trend in food is literal garbage New Surry Theatre director retiring from the stage with a big, heartfelt ‘Fiddler’ In search of the Dew Drop Inn Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Mainely Thoughts Please don't call me cisgendered Please don't call me cisgendered Pine Tree Politics Off to the races with Maine's gubernatorial contest Off to the races with Maine's gubernatorial contest David Farmer This is what happens when a state neglects public health This is what happens when a state neglects public health Pollways How I just missed becoming a widow How I just missed becoming a widow Lance Dutson The four-letter word every candidate should be caught saying in 2018 The four-letter word every candidate should be caught saying in 2018 Slower Traffic What is the true meaning of Earth Day? What is the true meaning of Earth Day? Top Stories ‘All lives matter,’ LePage tells protesters at USM Ex-manager of Bangor restaurant claims he was fired illegally over military leave Argument between husband, boyfriend preceded Easter shooting, wife says Embattled Maine jail leader resigns amid new woes after OUI arrest Democrat Adam Cote to run for governor in Maine as political outsider Similar Articles 7.5.2013 E-books strain relationship between book publishers and libraries 1.30.2012 Amazon Fire tablet leaves Google apps behind 3.23.2010 Google's action angers China, divides Web users 4.26.2013 Is Google more powerful than some nations? 6.14.2016 U.S. court backs landmark Obama internet equal-access rules More in Opinion   Please don’t call me cisgendered   Bill O’Reilly out at Fox News   Thursday, April 20, 2017: Why we have the Second Amendment, push against anti-immigrant bill, don’t punish people with hardships   Here’s an easy way for Maine to solve its child care problem   Google and Facebook oppose managing the internet. Except when they’re doing it. Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: Business IndyVenture Oxford named top destination for startup companies, says study of internet searches Oxford ranked the best city for new businesses overall and top place in the country to start a valet or an accounting company, according to the new study of business listings and Google searches Beth Timmins Wednesday 19 April 2017 14:58 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Inverness and Cambridge ranked second and third, in front of Durham, Portsmouth and Salisbury Flickr/Tejvan Pettinger A survey of tens of thousands of Google search terms has revealed that Oxford is, in fact, the best place to start a business, contradicting another survey that last week handed Edinburgh the top honours. The national analysis of local services by website registry company .UK Domain, has revealed where consumer demand is not being met across 59 of Britain’s biggest cities – implying that there’s a gap in the market for more businesses.  Oxford ranked the best city for new businesses overall and top place in the country to start a valet or an accounting company, according to the analysis of over 154,000 Google search terms and 63,000 national business listings for 10 different trades. Read more Edinburgh ranked as the best city in the UK to start a new business By contrast, Edinburgh came in fifth best place to be a start a grocery business and ninth for opening a hairdressing company, but didn’t feature in the top ten for the other eight trades, ranging from baking to gardening. Inverness and Cambridge ranked second and third, in front of Durham, Portsmouth and Salisbury, with Cambridge the best for new cafes and Inverness the most in need of new cleaning businesses. Read more Is Brexit an opportunity or threat for small businesses and start-ups? Swedish student start-up signs deal to build electric cars for Siemens London based start-up to launch device to tackle air pollution The study shows that landscape gardeners should head to Hull, while locals in Derry are the most desperate for handymen and Aberdeen is the best place to set up shop if you are a personal trainer. “Setting up a new business can be daunting but giving consumers what they want, where they want it is the key to success”, said Eleanor Bradley, chief operating officer of Nominet, a UK-based domain name registry. Last week, a separate study by Expert Market, a firm that specialises in providing business solutions for companies, ranked Edinburgh as the top place in the UK to launch a startup. That report cited speedy internet connections, reasonable office rent and a substantial pool of tech savvy university students. More about: Edinburgh Oxford Google UK search terms Inverness Cambridge Reuse content Comments Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #EarningsSpecial News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsTechnology Apr 19, 2017 06:50 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com How Google Earth helped a missing Indian boy find his family after 25 years The old version of the virtual globe application has been gaining popularity in recent months thanks to an unlikely source - an Oscar-nominated film. Moneycontrol News Even as Google launches a revamped version of Google Earth, the old version of the virtual globe application has been gaining popularity in recent months thanks to an unlikely source - an Oscar-nominated film. Lion, released in 2016, tells the real-life story of Saroo Brierley, an Indian boy who went missing and found his family 25 years later by using Google Earth. Saroo was born in an impoverished village in Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh and was raised by his mother and elder mother. As a six-year-old in the mid-80s, he was separated from his brother on a train and landed up in faraway Calcutta. He only knew the name of his village - Ganeshtalay - and with the technology of today only a dream at that time, he had no way of finding his home. After narrowly escaping being kidnapped and exploited by child traffickers, he was sent to an orphanage in Calcutta. Following a torrid spell there, Saroo was told that an Australian couple wanted to adopt him. He was flown to Hobart and has lived with the Brierley family ever since. Two decades on, his urge to find his first home grew stronger and he discovered Google Earth. Over the next couple of years, he painstakingly pored over the satellite images and drew on memories of the past to zero in on his village. Finally, he spotted the familiar ponds and fields of his village and flew to India for an emotional reunion with his mother. Brierley recollected his journey in his book A Long Way Home, which was later turned into film Lion. It was nominated for six Oscars this year including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor for Dev Patel. When Google Earth first came out in 2005, it gained massive popularity as it allowed users to zoom in on any part of the globe and was downloaded over a billion times. In the years since Brierley used Google Earth to trace his home, it has been overtaken by advanced software such as Google Street View, which provides panoramic street-level views and allows users to view parts of selected cities at ground level. The new version of Google Earth announced on Tuesday offers to take users on a realistic voyage of sites and scenes throughout the world, and the virtual reality feature provides an immersive experience.While the original version helped a missing child find his home, perhaps Google Earth's new avatar will help prevent kids from going missing in the first place. tags #Current Affairs #Google Earth #Technology Related news Business Amazon Fire TV Stick vs Google Chromecast 2 vs Apple TV: Which one should you buy? Apr 20, 2017 11:02 AM Business Panchkula AJL case: ED questions Motilal Vora, ex-Haryana CM Hooda Apr 20, 2017 11:01 AM Business Go back to India: Woman screams at Asians on Irish train Apr 20, 2017 10:26 AM Business Mahatma Gandhi stamps sold at 500,000 pounds at auction in UK Apr 20, 2017 10:15 AM Politics Now, video of Sena MP Gaikwad’s verbal spat with cops goes viral Apr 20, 2017 08:41 AM Business Rahul Gandhi visits AIIMS, meets professor on hunger strike Apr 20, 2017 07:40 AM Business Govt working on data protection law, says IT Secy Apr 20, 2017 07:40 AM Business Amarinder to meet PM today over SYL canal issue Apr 20, 2017 07:30 AM Business BJP leaders meet Suresh Prabhu, seek more trains for North Indian states Apr 20, 2017 07:30 AM News Most Popular Top News A 3-step guide to linking your Aadhaar and PAN card If you have Rs 1 million to spare, here are 5 portfolio options to generate wealth Liquor baron Vijay Mallya granted bail after brief arrest in London Babri Masjid demolition case: SC rules LK Advani, MM Joshi, Uma Bharti will stand trial Do not hesitate to buy on dips; 5 stocks which can give up to 20% return Market Live: Nifty eyes 9150, Midcap extends gains; ICICI, Axis remain lower IndusInd and Yes: Where should investors put their money after the disappointment? Wondering where to invest? These five sectors are likely to make money in 2017 see more Video of the day Fireworks unlikely on earnings front; like private retail financials: Kotak Mutual Fund Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google More Than Doubles The Manual Actions Penalties In 2016 Google More Than Doubles The Manual Actions Penalties In 2016 Apr 19, 2017 • 7:37 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google has released their webspam report for 2016, sharing some interesting data points. Such as that Google sent out 9 million messages to site owners about spam issues on their sites. That 9 million metric the year before was 4.3 million messages. So Google sent out over double those messages year over year, 2016 over 2015. Another interesting metric was that Google received "over 180,000 user-submitted spam reports" in 2016, the year before it was over 400,000 spam reports. That was a huge drop in users submitting spam reports to Google year over year. And f those reports, in 2016 Google only considered 52% of those reported sites to be spam, whereas in 2015, they acted on 65% of them but of those 65% they considered 80% of those acted upon to be spam. See, the numbers can be a bit confusing to compare. Google also touted making the Penguin algorithm real time, taking a big step on manual actions around structured data, taking "manual actions on more than 10,000 sites that did not meet the quality guidelines for inclusion" and seeing a 32% increase in hacked sites compared to 2015. Don't you just love these data points? Forum discussion at Google+. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: April 18, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 04/14/2017 08:21 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Microsoft Authenticator Kills Off the Need For Account Passwords The Ad Blocking Arms Race May Now Be Over Digital Point Forums [Cash'8282.'xyz].컬쳐KOREA문화상품권⇇KOREA스마트폰 소액대출✦KOREA휴대폰 소액현금화 Video Creation For Any Service / Website / Product Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google Tries New Design For Tags In Search Snippets Google Tries New Design For Tags In Search Snippets Apr 19, 2017 • 7:48 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story A few weeks ago, we reported Google was testing tags in the search results snippets. Well, I checked again this morning and Google seems to have updated the design for those tags and removed the "TAGS" reference and placed little gray non-clickable text phrases below the snippet. Here is the original version, let's call it V1 of tags in Google snippets: Here is V2 of tags in the Google snippets: They are lowercase, under the main snippet, not bordered in and given a section title of "TAGS" anymore. It seems Google is just trying to give searchers a heads up on what to find on the page, outside of the title tag, snippet and URL that is displayed here. Forum discussion at Google+. Previous story: Google More Than Doubles The Manual Actions Penalties In 2016   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 04/14/2017 08:21 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Microsoft Authenticator Kills Off the Need For Account Passwords The Ad Blocking Arms Race May Now Be Over Digital Point Forums earn money on website 1$ per 100 click for adult site? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Clicking On 404 Results In Google Doesn't Expedite Removal From Google Clicking On 404 Results In Google Doesn't Expedite Removal From Google Apr 19, 2017 • 8:13 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story This is probably way obvious to most of you but hey, first time I've seen it asked. Dawn was bugging Gary Illyes of Google on Twitter about 404s and Gary said Google has no way of seeing what a user clicks over to, after they click to it. So if they click on a search result listing and it sends them to a 404 page, that 404 response code goes only to the user, not Google at that moment. Here is the tweet: @dawnieando @antrobbo @JohnMu I'm not aware of such feedback mechanism. Just because a user clicked a result leading to a 404, only the user would see that, not Google— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) April 18, 2017 In short, clicking on a result that ultimately 404s, doesn't mean Google will expedite the removal of the 404 page from their search results. They still need to attempt to crawl the page to get the 404 status returned to process the removal. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Mozcast: 50% Of Google Search Results Are HTTPS   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 04/14/2017 08:21 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Microsoft Authenticator Kills Off the Need For Account Passwords The Ad Blocking Arms Race May Now Be Over Digital Point Forums [Cash'8282.'xyz].컬쳐KOREA문화상품권⇇KOREA스마트폰 소액대출✦KOREA휴대폰 소액현금화 Video Creation For Any Service / Website / Product Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ Chromebook Review ▸ 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Chromebook Review 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Christen Costa Updated January 12, 2017 Shares Safari is the default web browser for all iOS devies.  Needless to say, the default browser isn’t always the best option, which was made very apparent when Google’s Chrome was released for laptop and desktop computers.  That said, Google Chrome has now, and finally arrived for the iOS platform and while you may be apprehensive to switch to Chrome for iOS, I’m gonna assure you the jump is well worth it and here are 10 reasons why.  But before I get started, I feel as though I should point out that you cannot make Chrome your default browser, so all links via email will open up in Safari (that is until Google sues Apple), and that technically Safari should still load sites faster since Google doesn’t have access to the iOS Webkit’s Nitro Javascript engine.  Nonetheless, Chrome still holds its own in terms of speed and accessability regardless of these two caveats. Read: The Best Chromebooks 2017 1. Request Desktop Version Unlike Safari, you can force the Desktop Version of a site in Google Chrome iOS.  This is ideal especially if some features are left out in the mobile version of the site, or after performing a Google search you’re redirected to a mobile version of the site that is not the same link as depicted in the search results.  This is also useful in the event the mobile version of the site doesn’t allow you to download an image or copy a link or text. 2. Search from the Address Bar Yes, just like Chrome on the desktop, you can type your search phrase directly into the address bar and be on your way.  It may not seem like much of a time saver, but those seconds will add up.  Also, if you’ve become accustom to this feature on your computer, than you’ll find this all the more pleasing. 3. Finger Swipe Between Tabs Although this is something that is surely to come available in iOS 6 for Safari, Google’s Chrome iOS currently allows you to swipe left or right between tabs with a single finger.  However, it will take some getting used to, so have patience.  Nevertheless, it’s nice feature to have if you’re looking to expeditiously go back and forth between two different sites, a bunch of different sites for that matter. 4. Sync with Google Login Use Gmail or any other service?  Then you know that with the Desktop version of Chrome you can login and sync your browser data no matter where you go.  Sure, some may see this as a privacy concern, but it’s entirely opt in, so it’s up to you if you want to do it.  And that means when you move from your iPhone to your laptop, you can quickly navigate back to those sites by viewing your other device’s history.  Also, you can save favorites, and they’ll appears on your desktop within seconds or less. 5. Surf Anonymously Much like the desktop version of the Chrome, Chrome iOS allows you to open what is called an “incognito tab”.  With this tab open, Google won’t keep a history of any of the websites you surf (this tab only) and nor will the history be recorded.  It’s a nice touch if you share the device with other family members and you don’t want them gaining access to sites that hold onto login data.  And yes, it’s a solid feature for anyone looking at lurid content. 6. Save Passwords As with the Sync feature, Google Chrome for iOS can save our passwords, so when you navigate to the Gmail or any other site that you’ve opted to keep your passwords saved, you’ll either be automatically logged in, or the appropriate fields will be pre-populated.  I tested this with Pinterest and had no problems. 7. Voice Search For those of you on the iPhone 4, which is sans Siri, you know all too well that you can’t search the web with your voice.  That is until now.  Thanks to the years of database development around search (aka Free 411), Chrome on the iPhone allows you to search the web with your voice.  Hidden in the browser address bar (on the right) is a mic symbol.  Just tap it, speak and Google will do its best to determine what you said.  It’s not quite as good as Siri when it comes to more obscure words, but does an excellent job for more common phrases and words. 8. Find In Page Text Although it’s available in Safari on the iPad, you can’t search for text in a page on the iPhone.  But you can in Chrome iOS.  Probably not a top used featured by most web surfers, but a nice feature to have at your disposal nonetheless. 9. Better Tabs Chrome iOS not only allows you to add an infinite amount of tabs, or so it would seem, but they’re easier to navigate when you’re viewing them all at a glance.  Unlike Safari for iOS, you can quickly flick through them in the tabbed view and add them without much delay. 10. Keyboard Shortcuts Chrome for iOS offers a cleaner, easier to use keyboard.  The .COM and a variety of other commonly used keys are avialable above the keyboard.  Ultimately, it makes for a less cluttered keyboard and places those necessary keys in a more logical location. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Christen Costa Grew up back East, got sick of the cold and headed West. Since I was small I have been pushing buttons - both electronic and human. With an insatiable need for tech I thought "why not start a blog focusing on technology, and use my dislikes and likes to post on gadgets." Sponsored Content Related Posts Google Chromebook Pixel Touchscreen Laptop Unveiled, Price & Specs Announced, Ships April (product launch/video) Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? New Asus Chromebook Promises 64GB of Storage Toshiba Chromebook 2 Review Best Chromebook Apps How To Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Smartphone 14 Comments to 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Joe Mommie on chrome wins easy, but icabmobile bears chrome tho! best browser on iOS Reply Vietnamese on Safari on iPad has bookmark bar under the address-type which is much better than google chrome, and the speed connection is faster and even 17% faster on iOS 6 will be released this september Reply Dan on Problem is they’ve rated it 4+ which means children can install it and look at harmful content even if their phones are restricted. Bad idea. iPhone browsers should all be rated 17+. Reply 3000ways on I disagree with some of your statements. You CAN search for a word in the page on safari. (google it). And also, I find the unified search bar annoying because if I want to modify my search words, I have to retype them all whereas in safari I can just add or remove a word from the original search. Reply gadgetreview on I’d love to here how you can do this? I hear you about the unified search bar. It’s a fair point, but I’m a Chrome user so I prefer this feature. Reply Trevor Kemp on It’s so obvious that no one even thinks to do it: just use the search field (the one that usually Googles), and scroll all the way to the bottom of the results. There you will find results on the current page. I admit it’s not the most elegant, but it’s there. I find it strange that the lack of this feature (which actually does exist) is a complaint of so many users. Reply crisis account on overall chrome gives better browsing experience than safari. Most visited ,book marks and sync tabs are cool features and available at your finger tips . I’m waiting for chrome store (ever note clips, angrybirds,turn off lights, translate, weather bla bla ) when available for iOS then most of the apps can be deleted from ipad saving memory and chaos. and then i can completely ditch safari. I wish i could delete it permanently (huh.. Windows IE pain)!! Reply Daniel J. on Points 5., 6., 8. are not true. All of these features are available in Safari. You can search the current page, there is saving of login data (auto-fill), and there is “Private Browsing”. Perhaps the author of this article overlooked these on purpose? Not nice… As for the other features, only “Request desktop version” is important and especially useful. Don’t forget that the author pointed out (as if they were minor issues), that you cannot set Chrome as a default browser and it doesn’t have access to iOS’s fast webkit engine, unlike Safari. Reply gadgetreview on Daniel, I am willing to concede on many of these points, however Safari makes them difficult to access, which I can now see after doing more research. At the end of the day I prefer Chrome and really don’t find the speed to be all that different. Reply A on They are not difficult to access. This is one of the worst articles ever. Reply gadgetreview on In the world? Reply george on You can also surf via “incognito mode” in safari. Settings > Safari > Private browsing Reply McKenna on You know you CAN search within a page on Safari for iPhone. While on a page just type what you want to search for in the search bar at the top, and scroll past the Internet results and at the bottom there are results for those terms inside the page. Reply gadgetreview on Wow, I’ve been an iPhone user for a long time and never noticed this feature, probably because I don’t scroll down below those results. I still prefer Chrome for this option, though. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,416 Fans 13,738 Subscribers 11,336 Followers HP Chromebook 14 only $180, Watch Dogs 20% Off After Release Top Chromebook Reviews How To Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Smartphone Acer Chromebook 15 Review Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? Toshiba Chromebook 2 Review Acer's New Chromebook Is The Overhaul We Want Acer's New Chromebook Has A Touchscreen Toshiba's Rumored Chromebook Is Bigger And Better HP Chromebook 14 only $200 Best Chromebooks 2017 Google's Chromebook Pixel Contains a Secret Easter Egg Related to the NES Konami Code Chrome for iOS Update Adds New Features Best Buy leaked Data Sheet Suggests New 11.6 HP Chromebook HP's New Chromebook Is Pretty, But Dumb Google Offers a New Chromebook, Costs Only $249 HP Announces Pavilion 14 Chromebook with 14 inch Display Google Chromebook Pixel Touchscreen Laptop Unveiled Samsung Series 5 Chromebook Wi-Fi Review 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Samsung Series 5 550 Chromebook Review Google Releases Chrome 1.0, Out Of Beta Google's Chrome OS Hitting Notebooks This Fall Samsung Chromebook Launch Date And Price Announced Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top chromebooks, the best laptops and top ten computer comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest home theater speakers, home theater systems, av receivers and the latest tech news and best product reviews on the web. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Tech Search Search ExxonExxon Won’t Say If It’s Seeking a Waiver From Russia Sanctions WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: April 20 GoogleGoogle Could Be Planning to Launch an Ad-Blocker For Chrome JapanConfidence Among Japan Manufacturers Has Risen to Pre-Financial Crisis Levels PointCloud Google Says Tool Eases Creation of Software that Listens Barb Darrow Apr 19, 2017 The race to build talking and listening software continued this week as Google said it has made a piece of its technology available to any developer who wants to use it. The Google Speech application programming interface (API) promises to give programmers an easier way to build speech recognition into their own software. The resulting software could, for example, let users dictate the contents of a document, rather than typing it into their computer. Or developers can build customer service applications that do a better job recognizing the issue that a person is describing. According to Tuesday's Google blog post announcing the news, early users found the Google Speech API a useful way to add voice search and voice commands to applications and to analyze speech to applications running on the broader Google Cloud Platform. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. Google (googl) said the API uses the same technology that that powers Google Assistant, a virtual personal assistant like Apple Siri that runs on many smartphones. Google cited both interactive voice response (IVR) systems, such as the customer service application mentioned above, as a primary use, as well as speech-controlled, in-car navigation systems. David Mytton, chief executive of Server Density, a London-based tech company said Google is giving developers lots of options to make their software smarter. "You can build your own speech recognition on top of Cloud ML [Google's machine learning engine] or use pre-built systems like Cloud Speech API, which Google manages all for you. The former gives you more control and flexibility, the latter is like a managed service but is quite a lot more expensive," Mytton said. Making software easier to use without a keyboard or screen is becoming a hot market that is hotly contested. Amazon Web Services already offers tools for building Amazon Echo's Alexa voice interface, to third-party developers. Developers can try out the Google Speech API now for free. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman WeVideo Teams Up with Google to Expand Digital Storytelling to UK and Nordics Schools through Creative Apps on Chromebooks Program WeVideo cloud-based video editing transforms the Google Chromebook into a high performance digital storytelling platform for the modern classroom. Menlo Park, CA (PRWEB) April 19, 2017 WeVideo, the collaborative digital video storytelling choice of more than 6,500 schools worldwide, recently announced that it has joined with Google to expand availability of the Creative Apps for Chromebooks offering to the UK and Nordic countries. WeVideo has been the exclusive video partner for the Google program since its inception in June 2016. The expansion provides a specially priced package including WeVideo’s cloud-based video editing, green screen, screencasting and more to new Chromebooks purchased for education through resellers XMA (UK), Lin Education (Sweden), and Avalon Solutions (Sweden, Norway, Denmark). WeVideo offers a comprehensive digital storytelling toolset that addresses the entire range of video project requirements in today’s digital classroom and is a catalyst for learning, collaboration, creativity and expression. Robust Google G Suite for Education integration ensures privacy, security and makes it easy for administrators to provision and manage users, groups, schools and districts. Flexible work modes ensures that WeVideo adapts to the differentiated learning needs of students of varying ages, skillsets and rates of progress. WeVideo is entirely cloud-based so it always up-to-date and accessible anytime, anywhere, from any mobile device, laptop, desktop, or Chromebook. Powered by the Cloud, WeVideo provides significant and scalable video processing to Chromebooks, enabling them to match or even exceed the performance of much more expensive hardware. With its exclusive new WeVideo JumpStart&trade; feature, WeVideo is even faster and more practical in the classroom. JumpStart leverages technology developed by WeVideo that enables people to instantly begin editing using locally stored media files without waiting for the files to upload to the Cloud. This enables students to be productive throughout class time by eliminating disruptions from bandwidth limits and unreliability. More about the new feature is available at https://www.wevideo.com/news/WeVideo-JumpStart-Transforms-Video-Editing-Landscape WeVideo CEO Krishna Menon said, “Thanks to the Creative Bundle, the focus can be put on learning, collaboration and creativity rather than the minutiae of software purchases. The program has been tremendously popular in the US and we are thrilled with Google’s move to extend these benefits to students and teachers in Europe.” WeVideo also provides affordable, standalone digital storytelling packages to suit any educational requirement, from individual classrooms to state-level deployments. Educators can explore WeVideo for themselves at http://www.wevideo.com/education. About WeVideo WeVideo is a powerful, easy to use, cloud-based collaborative video creation platform that is the digital storytelling choice of more than 6,500 schools worldwide. With more than 18 million accounts created to date, WeVideo is also the first choice of consumers and businesses, as well as the video backbone for many third-party solutions. WeVideo is a Google for Education partner and is the exclusive digital storytelling solution for Google’s Education Creative Bundle for Chromebooks. WeVideo is also a Microsoft Education Partner. Anyone can access WeVideo, from any computer or device at school, home, work, or on the go to capture, edit, view and share videos with secure storage of their content in the Cloud. WeVideo provides extensive support resources including a global network of WeVideo Education Ambassadors, training aids through WeVideo Academy, and professional development options. For more information about WeVideo Education solutions, please visit http://www.wevideo.com, follow us on Twitter at @wevideo or visit us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/wevideo/ Media Contact: Evan Sirof, 845-883-2109, evan(at)wevideo(dot)com Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious movingimage to Discuss Future of Enterprise Video Platform Technology at Intra.NET Reloaded Next PostNext ISPA Welcomes New Trustee To ISPA Board Search Recent Posts Air Data Systems Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Global Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market by Key Players, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 PR Newswire Partners with the Stevie Awards to Offer News Distribution to 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards and Its Winners Global Capillary Electrophoresis Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 7.06% During The Period 2017-2021 Kiwi actor Shane Cortese joins New Zealand Sotheby’s Proudly powered by WordPress
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Poonam Pandey cries foul, alleges Android Play store banned her app Sneha Saha   |   @snehasaha1994 Last Updated: APR 19, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Poonam Pandey, an actor and model loved by many and probably not loved by an equal number of people, launched an Android app on Monday. However, within a few hours after the app became available it was allegedly removed by Google. It was suspended by Google, which makes the Android and maintains the Play store. It was no longer available for download on the Play Store. Although the same app, which was also published on Apple's iOS, continues to be available for iPhone users. Also Read: Google Earth gets major revamp: 3D tours and other key features to note Soon after the app was allegedly banned from the Play Store, Poonam Pandey tweeted from her official twitter handle. She wrote: "Google has suspended the App..but the Android users can directly download #ThePoonamPandeyApp from my website http://www.poonampandey.in/download." Her fans apparently didn't like the news much. They are up in arms against Google and Twitter is abuzz with people discussing the possible reasons that led to Google's decision. Google has suspended the App..but the Android users can directly download #ThePoonamPandeyApp from my website https://t.co/tNXblbfKeF- Poonam Pandey (@iPoonampandey) April 17, 2017 Google has reportedly said that it has nothing to say on the matter. "We don't comment on individual applications. You can check out our policies for more information," the company noted.  Poonam says that she has absolutely no idea on why Google decided to put a ban on her application, wherein there are hundreds and thousands of other apps with nudity and adult content. Also Read: Google Areo App launched in India: 5 key features to know about this hyperlocal app She tweets, "I don't know why. I see many adult magazines on Play Store and App Store. It's interesting that on one hand Google Play Store is suspending the app and on the other hand some fans are 'complaining' that I am not even nude in the photos." However, even though the app is no longer available on Google Play Store, Poonam says that her fans can still have access and download the app by visiting the following link: http://www.poonampandey.in/download. Several media reports claim that despite Google banning the app from Play Store, the app is seemingly popular. It has been downloaded around 15,000 times in just a matter of 15 minutes. Celebrities like Sachin Tendulkar, Alia Bhatt, Sonam Kapoor and Sunny Leone also have their own application on Android Play store. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews CAT S60 Review: Rugged but not for everyone Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro review: The big friendly giant Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 review: Ticks almost all the right boxes Coolpad Note 5 Lite review: Looks can be deceiving Sony Xperia XZs review: The pint-sized RX100 IV VIDEOS Samsung Galaxy S8+ Unboxing Nokia 3310: First look, features and expected launch price Exclusive: How Google is preserving art more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid Shobhit VarmaAirtel Internet TV marries the old with the new in a seamless manner Javed AnwerGovt makes Aadhaar must to download map files, will it be needed next to connect to web? Priya PathakWhatsApp, Facebook addiction is as bad as cocaine craze Javed AnwerEnd of Jio Summer Surprise is no blow, TRAI advise may help Reliance more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs 6.8% of smartphones are ready for VR 191m devices compatible with Gear VR and Google Daydream, but headset sales are drastically behind James Batchelor Senior Editor Wednesday 19th April 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Newzoo Research from Newzoo shows that just under 200m of the world's smartphones are capable of supporting virtual reality experiences. In a recent post, the research firm claimed that 191m smartphones - 6.8% of the 2.8bn devices Newzoo claims are in the hands of consumers - are compatible with key VR headsets: namely, the Samsung Gear VR and Google Daydream. 184.4m smartphones can support Gear VR (6.6% of the worldwide installed base), while 5.6m (0.2%) will work with the more recently released Daydream. These two devices represent the high-end of mobile VR, offering experiences closer to the likes of Oculus Rift and HTC Vive than the more primitive Google Cardboard. It means that the potential addressable market for virtual reality developers creating mobile titles is 191m. However, headset sales have yet to come close to matching this. Back in January, 14 months after Gear VR debuted, Samsung reported that 5m headsets have been sold worldwide - that's just 2.7% of the smartphones capable of working with Gear, according to Newzoo. Newzoo noted the lack of a certain major smartphone firm in the space is also limiting the potential for VR on mobile. "If Apple were to launch a high-end VR device, compatibility with the iPhone 6S and 7 series would be enough to have a significantly bigger addressable market for mobile VR than Samsung," the firm wrote. "9.4% [for Apple] versus 6.6% [for Samsung]." The US was identified as the region with the most potential for high-end mobile virtual reality, accounting for 13.8m (12%) of the world's VR-ready smartphones. Sign up for The Mobile newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories eSports market to hit $696 million this year - Report Newzoo projects total eSports market to reach $1.5 billion by 2020, with brand sponsorship and advertising leading the way By Brendan Sinclair 2 months ago eSports driving over 21% of Twitch viewership - Newzoo "It is sometimes overlooked how eSports has helped Twitch grow to the massive live video platform it is today," says research firm By James Brightman A year ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
Trending Most Read Related 1 1 Warren Buffet's Family Has Pledged $90 Million—And Devised An Innovative Way Of Sharing It by Penn Collins 2 2 Not A Winner—But A Wake-Up Call by Eric Pfeiffer 3 3 North Korea to Donald Trump: Delete Your Account by Nancy Miller 4 4 A Sixth-Grader Intentionally Broke Her School’s Dress Code To Make A Point … And It Worked by Penn Collins 5 5 Instagram Is Having A Meltown Over This Image  by Raleigh Van Ness 6 6 McDonald’s Employees Used This Brilliantly Simple Tactic To Help The Cops Catch The Facebook Killer by Penn Collins 7 7 Melania Caught Awkwardly Reminding Trump To Make One Of America’s Most Basic Gestures by Leo Shvedsky 8 8 Google Earth Got A Stunning New Update Just In Time For Earth Day by Stacey Leasca 9 9 Why Every Adult In America Should Watch The Hit Teen Drama 13 Reasons Why by Stacey Leasca Innovation Google Earth Got A Stunning New Update Just In Time For Earth Day by Stacey Leasca Share April 19, 2017 at 6:15 Share on Facebook Click me! Share on Twitter Click me! Copy Link Sometime the Earth can seem like a pretty rough place. Between wars, political turmoil, and the newly revived threat of nuclear war, it can be hard to think about all the wonder still left in the world. But thankfully for all of us, Google Earth has been rebooted and is here to remind everyone that we all live on this beautiful third rock from the sun together.  On Tuesday, just a few days before Earth Day 2017, Google launched a totally reimagined Google Earth, which now includes stunning satellite imagery and brand new photographs of the planet. Users can now explore the planet with interactive stories, use 3-D navigation, and more. "We're starting with more of a consumption experience," Sean Askay, engineering manager for Google Earth, said at a press preview. "The direction we're interested in with Earth is letting you tell the stories." Other newly added bells and whistles include “knowledge cards,” which, according to Business Insider, provides users with  information about the places they're seeing; "Voyager," which takes users on one of dozens of curated journeys around the world; and "Feeling Lucky," a feature that will randomly select one of 20,000 less well-known locations around the globe for users to explore.  "We think of it as the front page of Google Earth," Gopal Shah, product manager for Google Earth, told CNET. "You can get lost in this stuff." While certainly a fun and totally time-consuming site, Google Earth is also often used by nonprofit organizations such as the Halo Trust, which, as CNET also pointed, out uses the app to map the presence of land mines, and by Australia's Department of Environment and Conservation, which uses Google Earth to discover the formation of rare coral reefs. Recently on GOOD There’s Only One Song That Keeps This Baby From Crying, And It’s Hilariously Inappropriate There are some scientific reasons for this bizarre attraction, actually Culture Penn Collins Here’s A Cool New Way To Look At Where Each Dollar You Pay In Taxes Goes “It’s the greatest depth you’re going to get, and it’s accurate.” Innovation Eric Pfeiffer McDonald’s Employees Used This Brilliantly Simple Tactic To Help The Cops Catch The Facebook Killer The ploy was believable, which made it very effective Food Penn Collins Fox Fires Bill O’Reilly While He’s Still On Vacation His replacement could start as early as Monday.  Culture Kate Ryan Serena Williams’ Big Announcement Suggests She Was Pregnant During Her Australian Open Championship Run The tennis legend announced today she’s 20 weeks into her pregnancy with fiance Alexis Ohanian Sports Penn Collins Watch Patriots Explain Why They Didn’t Visit The Trump White House Today Nearly half the team didn’t show up Sports Jeremy Repanich Communities This Is The Creepy Song That North Korea Blares Through Pyongyang To Wake Up Its Residents It sounds like a swarm of ghosts is haunting the entire city by Penn Collins Sports A Skateboarding Mogul On Why Skateboarders Need To Give Back Etnies founder Pierre André Senizergues has given nearly $3 million in shoes to the homeless by Jason Buhrmester Communities Georgia’s Special Election: What Does A Runoff Mean For 2018? The outcome of the runoff is important for both parties, but especially for Democrats by Jeffrey Lazarus Live Well. Do Good. Features Infographics Projects Issues Menu 1 Million Humans can't be wrong. Like us on Facebook Twitter Is also an option, if you're into that The Daily GOOD Sign up to receive the best of GOOD delivered to your inbox each and every weekday Share this Google Earth Got A Stunning New Update Just In Time For Earth Day Recent Fox Allegedly Fires Bill O’Reilly While He’s Still On Vacation about 13 hours ago Serena Williams’ Big Announcement Suggests She Was Pregnant During Her Australian Open Championship Run about 13 hours ago Watch Patriots Explain Why They Didn’t Visit The Trump White House Today about 13 hours ago This Is The Creepy Song That North Korea Blares Through Pyongyang To Wake Up Its Residents about 14 hours ago A Skateboarding Mogul On Why Skateboarders Need To Give Back about 14 hours ago Georgia’s Special Election: What Does A Runoff Mean For 2018? about 15 hours ago Google Earth Got A Stunning New Update Just In Time For Earth Day about 18 hours ago Nobody Believes Trump’s Lies Anymore, According To A New Poll about 18 hours ago Images Of War As A Way Of Life about 19 hours ago Inside ‘The Call Center’ about 19 hours ago Exclusive Series: In The Line Of Fire about 19 hours ago Not A Winner—But A Wake-Up Call 1 day ago Features Infographics Projects The GOOD 100 Meet the remarkable individuals tackling pressing global issues today. The GOOD Guide to Recycling The objects we discard aren’t trash. They’re a resource. The Local Globalists Meet 17 innovators who are changing our future for the better. Project Literacy Building partnerships for a more literate future. Issues Newsletter About Advertise Contact Shop FAQ Newsletter Subscribe Terms Privacy Careers ©2017 GOOD Worldwide Inc Never miss another GOOD thing. Like us on Facebook. We just wanted to let you know... our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message! Our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message!
Discover: Quotes Weather Continuing Education Courses LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness More Menu Log In or Register Tree nuts Grapes Orchard crops Water Alfalfa Vegetables Cotton Rice Quotes Weather Continuing Education Courses LISTEN: Max Armstrong's Daily Updates WATCH: This Week in Agribusiness FFA Chapter Tribute Samuelson Sez Max's Tractor Shed Over a Cup About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Napa County farm, wine grape values jump 33 percent Apr 19, 2017 Santa Maria strawberry field day is May 10 Apr 19, 2017 Mexican official ready to start NAFTA talks Apr 19, 2017 Trump promises to restore U.S. dairy exports to Canada Apr 19, 2017 A new way to make machinery Apr 19, 2017 Featured Walnut growers responsible for ensuring clean water use on operation Apr 05, 2017 Nut land values lower in 2016 as Napa vineyard sale prices soar Apr 11, 2017 Western dairymen, alfalfa growers locked in economic survival mode Apr 11, 2017 Reclamation: 100 percent water allocation for all CVP contractors South-of-Delta Apr 12, 2017 Willie Vogt Technology A new way to make machinery A complex manufacturing environment opens the door to interesting new tech at Agco: informed reality. Willie Vogt | Apr 19, 2017 There's a confluence of technology merging in Jackson, Minn., that might surprise the farmers driving by on Interstate 90. This is the home of high-horsepower tractor manufacturing and high-tech application equipment for Agco with Challenger, Massey Ferguson, RoGator and TerraGator equipment being manufactured at the complex. This is a complex manufacturing setup. For example, the tractor line could have an MT600 coming down the line in Challenger livery followed by a Massey Ferguson 8700 series machine followed by a Challenger MT800 machine. Over on the application line, a TerraGator could be followed by a RoGator and each could have significantly different setups. It is one of the more unique setups in ag manufacturing. "And every one of those machines has to be built right," says Rick Reuter, continuous improvement manager, Agco. Willie Vogt Agco's Jackson, Minn., facility is unique based on the number of brands, and machine variations, produced in its facilities. Informed reality technology will help manage production and quality. Add in that each employee on the line needs to be educated, and remember, specific procedures for machines they don't build all the time, and the plant faced a big challenge. And the easy answer was not the right answer, as Peggy Gulick noted when she showed off a busted tablet computer. "This was where we started with this problem," she says of that cracked tablet. Gulick is director, business process improvement, Agco. Where to turn? The answer is Informed Reality. Many have heard of virtual reality or augmented reality. In this case, the Jackson, Minn., plant implemented something a little different with the help of a tool that many thought had been abandoned - Google Glass. "It isn't going away," says Gulick. "In fact, they've come up with a new system that we have found works very well." Line employees building equipment are wearing Google Glass to do their work. If a machine comes into their work area for specific tasks they can query Google to pull up the specs or answer questions about the process at that station. "We have a robust network here in the plant for our data," says Brandon Ross, systems analyst, Agco. Robust is a nice word for a network that has to work across two buildings in a small town in southwest Minnesota. What Agco has created allows manufacturing employees instant access to the information they need when they need it. During a demonstration of the system, Gulick was able to show how an employee would pull up diagrams or work processes starting with the simple command "Okay Glass..." followed by a specific two-word phrase for that station for that set of instructions. Wade White, senior manufacturing engineer, explains that having that information is key. "We're working constantly on process and quality improvement here at the facility," he says. "Having that information available at all times, should reduce rework and boost initial quality further." Not a typical manufacturing setting Many envision a manufacturing plant as a kind of Charlie Chaplin process where you turn a nut and the machine moves on to the next station. That's not how the Jackson facility is set up. Instead, when a machine moves into a work-station the employee, or employees, at that station have to perform a wide range of tasks. For example, the hydraulic system installation is a multiple series of steps that is tractor-model specific. And knowing the differences between a Massey Ferguson 8700 versus a Challenger MT800, which may be similar in some ways, is the challenge. Also, those workstation tasks are timed tasks, where along each station the workers know they have a certain amount of time to perform manufacturing tasks. Tracking monitors in the plant know how fast a work station is moving, and will go from green to yellow to red if a problem develops. These days, manufacturing productivity is critical. Having key information available to those workstations when its needed, simply at an "Okay Glass" command important.   Willie Vogt This tracking board can tell observers which parts of the line are working at speed (in green), or potentially falling behind (in yellow). It's just another way technology is applied at the Agco Jackson, Minn., facility. Add in that multi-product complexity, and this tech investment makes sense. Then of course there is the time involved in setting up such a system. Gulick explains that moving manuals and other process instructions into the system, working with a third party, was laborious. However, they found that much of their archived work could be used in the new platform. Essentially workers are wearing the Google Glass appliance. But this is more than snapping the computer to your glasses, the product had to be designed to be safety glasses-ready, which took some time. And then there was the issue with instructions. Anyone who has used a voice-activated system like Siri on the iPhone or Alexa for Amazon knows that hearing and understanding are two different issues. Now add in the general background noise of a manufacturing environment. It turns out that wasn't as big an issue as Gulick and the rest of the team thought. "We did find that single-word commands were not enough for the system," she recalls. "When we moved to two-word commands to bring up information it was more accurate. And factory noise wasn't a problem." One thing in Agco's favor here is that the instruction set is standard. This isn't a situation where multiple commands about a wide range of topics were being asked - like "who won the 1949 World Series?" These are straight manufacturing questions like "Okay Glass, transmission plans" And it would bring up a model list for the user to scroll, for quick selection. Informed reality The many kinds of 'reality' you hear about mean different things. For Virtual Reality you're essentially cut off from the real world into that virtual space. Augmented Reality uses tools like Microsoft Hololens - as we showed from Trimble last year - where glasses project images for you to see in your natural space. What Agco is using is what they call "informed reality." Essentially the Google Glass-using employees have information they need on a screen they can read without leaving their work to check out a tablet or laptop. This allows them to do their work, do it right and avoid quality issues. One reason for doing that is that Informed vs. Augmented reality is to keep employees safe by not impeding the visual field. It acts more like a rearview mirror - it's there when you need it, but not noticed when you don’t. Agco can lay claim to being the first to be using informed reality in production, and the company is looking to begin pilot tests in more of its facilities both in the U.S. and abroad within the next year. Farmers can check out this tech at use by traveling to Jackson, Minn., and taking the Intivity Center tour. They're conducted daily during the week, learn more at intivitycenter.com. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Technology unveils real impact of nut tree sugar-starch levels on productionMar 01, 2017 Topcon Agriculture features new X35 consoleFeb 28, 2017 Photo gallery: 50th anniversary of World Ag ExpoFeb 18, 2017 How can we communicate science and technology in a social media world?Dec 13, 2016 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Sitemap Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscribe Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Entertainment Movies Amazon Fire TV Stick vs Google Chromecast 2: Which media streamer should you buy right now? Here's a comparison of what Google Chromecast 2 and Amazon Fire TV Stick are offering in their respective media streaming devices. Sami Khan   April 19, 2017 18:40 IST Amazon Fire TV Stick vs Google Chromecast 2Amazon and Flipkart product listing page Indians are well sorted with the internet, thanks to attractive offers from Airtel, Reliance Jio and others, and it seems like there is going to be a boost in the use of internet-connected apps. Demand for quality entertainment content is always welcomed by providers, and with the right kind of gadgets, you can have the best experience. Amazon has finally launched its Fire TV Stick in India to offer much-needed entertainment content to viewers. It will be sold exclusively on Amazon (obviously) and also through select retail stores, including Reliance Digital and Croma. The USB plug-and-play media streaming device is priced at Rs3,999, which is a sound offer, but there are other deals to attract the Indian consumers. Amazon is not alone in this race as Google has marked its territory long before the Fire TV Stick's debut in India. There's going to be tough battle between the two on which media streaming device to pick up, so here's a comparison of all the features that come with each one. All that matters is content Amazon Fire TV surely takes an edge on this one, but the Google Chromecast isn't too far behind. Both devices can stream the content you like from services like Netflix, Hulu, Spotify and others, so most of your content cravings are fulfilled here. Amazon Fire TV has an advantage of supporting apps like Gaana, Hotstar, Eros Now and other applications, thanks to the forked version of Android it runs. This is basically the content Indians love as it brings a wide range of local content. To top it off, the Fire TV Stick gives you access to Prime Video, which is something you will miss entirely on Google Chromecast. Usability Google Chromecast and Amazon Fire TV Stick have their own ways of streaming content. The Chromecast relies on your smartphone and doesn't really have its own UI. But you're unlikely to miss it as you will find it easy to use your Chromecast on TV via an Android smartphone. You can simply select the content you want to play on TV and select cast on your phone. Since your Android smartphone supports Google Assistant, you can use voice commands to control what's being shown on the television. On the other hand, Amazon Fire TV Stick has a standalone UI and comes with a dedicated remote control. Thanks to the mic in the remote, you can use voice commands to navigate, or the UI of the Fire TV Stick is pretty straight forward. You'll need to install additional apps on your Fire TV Stick for them to run on your telly, so there's 8GB storage on board. We haven't reviewed the devices to tell you exactly what works best, but the familiarity you get using an Android smartphone on your TV sounds a lot simpler than an entirely new UI that comes with Fire TV Stick. Which one should you buy? It all comes down to this. Amazon Fire TV is strong in terms of content and Google Chromecast gets the job done in an easy way. We only have one way to break this tie. If you are low on budget, Google Chromecast 2 will set you back for Rs3,399. But if you are willing to spare a few extra bucks, Amazon Fire TV for Rs3,999 along with some launch offers, isn't a bad deal at all. After all, it is the content that you should really be looking at. Even though Google Chromecast gives you most of it, Amazon Fire TV Stick has some exclusives you cannot turn away from. Related Amazon tipped to launch Fire TV Stick in India Futuristic router may become most important smart gadget Best TV streaming gadgets to buy in 2016: Turn your TV into smart TV with these affordable devices Also read Chromecast vs the competition: Streaming device round-up How to setup and use Chromecast and Chromecast Audio dongles? Post Comment IBT TV Close Gemma Arterton: 'There are so many stories about women and girls that haven’t been told' Why advertise with us? Latest News A call for Ajith to enter Tamil Nadu politics; is Thala willing to bring a change? 5 minutes ago By Prakash Upadhyaya Why advertise with us? most popular Aishwarya Rai Bachchan looks stunning in her latest photo-shoot for magazine [PHOTO] The latest issue of the magazine talks about women power in Bollywood and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan tops the list. Baahubali 2 actor Prabhas to accept Karan Johar's Bollywood offer? Here's what the actor has to say After diving into the Telugu film industry with Baahubali, Karan Johar aims to fish out a Telugu gem and embellish it in Bollywood. Mahabharata director's dream cast: Who is your pick to play Lord Krishna? Hrithik Roshan or Mahesh Babu? The Rs 1000 crore budget Mahabharata, bankrolled by BR Shetty, is the directorial venture of VA Shrikumar Menon. KRK compares Mohanlal to Chhota Bheem, Malayalis declare 'Kurukshetra' on Bollywood's gadfly "Mohanlal you look like Chota Bheem so then how will u play role of Bheem in Mahabharata?" KRK tweeted on Tuesday. Late Bollywood actor Om Puri's ghost wandering near his Mumbai house? [VIDEO] A Pakistani news channel claimed that Om Puri's 'spirit' was seeking revenge from Indian national security adviser Ajit Doval. Trouser-free Hailey Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction in oversized T-shirt [PHOTOS] Hailey Baldwin was returning home from Coachella 2017 when she suffered an awkward wardrobe malfunction and unintentionally flashed her derriere. Akshay Kumar to turn 50 this year; his birthday plans revealed The Khiladi actor is in the middle of a happy run, thanks to success of his films and winning a national award. He will also turn 50 this September. Will he go for a lavish celebration on the special occasion? Sonu Nigam row: Pooja Bhatt takes a sly dig at singer; check what other Bollywood celebrities said Without naming names, Alia Bhatt's sister said she finds the sounds of Azaan and church bells quite blissful. Photo Gallery Kumkum Bhagya completes a glorious run of 3 Years! Ardent fans of Zee TV’s primetime drama Kumkum Bhagya have a reason to rejoice and celebrate! The popular show that has been ruling the hearts of the viewers since its inception has completed a glorious run of three years on April 15. Salman Khan releases first look poster of 'Tubelight' Bollywood superstar Salman Khan on Wednesday released the first poster of his upcoming historical war drama film "Tubelight", which has been directed by filmmaker Kabir Khan. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tony Stern Joins Phelps as Chief Creative Officer Creative director on global advertising campaigns for Apple, Smirnoff and Google will direct storytelling for pioneering integrated marketing agency; Succeeds Hall of Fame Chief Creative Officer Howie Cohen, who is retiring after leading award- and business-winning campaigns for five decades LOS ANGELES, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Phelps, one of the nation's largest 100% employee-owned agencies, has tapped Tony Stern, creative director and writer on global campaigns for Apple, Smirnoff and Google, among others, as its new chief creative officer. Stern succeeds Howie Cohen, a two-time CLIO Hall of Famer who created the iconic Seventies Alka-Seltzer ads ("I can't believe I ate the whole thing" and "Try it, you'll like it"). Cohen is retiring after a career that spanned five decades, the last two of them with Phelps where he led defining campaigns for such brands as Petco, Tahiti Tourisme and City of Hope. Stern has helped build many of the world's largest brands – including Adobe, Electronic Arts, Google, Hyundai and Smirnoff – for several of its most renowned creative agencies, including David & Goliath, Goodby Silverstein & Partners, and J. Walter Thompson. He has worked inside major advertisers, creating thoughtful advertising and content for such launches as the iPad Air and the Google.org global initiative. Most recently, he has played creative consultant to advertisers, agencies and tech startups, building a broad perspective on new opportunities in the creative space. "The combination of new technologies and emerging media platforms gives even the smallest advertisers an opportunity to create impactful campaigns," said Stern. "At Phelps everyone is in the room from the beginning, attacking a business problem from all sides together and searching new ways for the right ideas to live. That's what drew me in, and I think it's why Phelps has so many uncommonly longstanding client relationships." Cohen took a principal role in the extensive search for his successor, because Phelps requires a creative leader who is comfortable thinking across marketing disciplines and working with other specialists throughout the process of developing a campaign. At Phelps, specialists from strategy, creative, PR, media and a variety of digital disciplines work together on client-based teams to create and bring to market fresh thinking, with everyone seeing and shaping what the others are doing in real time. "Tony matches the heartbeat and personality of Phelps," said Cohen. "He understands how advertising, public relations and social media in all their forms actually work in the world, and he's comfortable working with all of the specialists to make them work synergistically. His work with Smirnoff, as an example, was a knockout because it got people around the world sharing their experiences. That's in line with Phelps, where we put everyone together on work from the beginning, because the linear approach to communications can't keep pace with today's world." Founded in 1981 as an integrated marketing communications agency, Phelps operates an open, multidisciplinary collaboration that's unusual in the agency business. Client teams take on all work together, involving relevant disciplines from research to paid and earned media. Every week, the entire agency comes together to discuss client work openly, often with clients involved in the process. And the work stays up on The Wall as an opening for continual contribution from anyone in the agency. The result is a legacy of campaigns with tangible business results for clients that stay with the agency, sometimes for more than 20 years.    "We've built an environment where anyone can come up with ideas and grow them collectively, and Tony fits as a successor to Howie," said Ed Chambliss, president. "He's quiet, reserved and respectful, and he chimes in with the one sentence that brings the idea together and inspires the whole team." The transition continues positive changes for Phelps, which moved to a 25,000-sq.-ft. office in Playa Vista, Calif., designed for collaboration to, as Phelpsters say, "put more brains on the client's business." "Howie had nothing to prove when he came to us 19 years ago," said Joe Phelps, founder and CEO of Phelps. "Over these years we've all grown to love Howie for his good heart as well as his talent. We will miss him. And thanks in a large part to his persistence we found another great talent in Tony. Our clients will be thrilled when they see his work." About Phelps Phelps creates and delivers integrated messaging and media campaigns for category leaders such as Bosley, City of Hope, Dunn-Edwards Paints, Learn4Life schools, Natrol vitamins, Panasonic, Public Storage and SunPower Corp. Founded in 1981 and 100% employee-owned, Phelps ranks as one of the largest independent agencies on the West Coast, and is regularly listed among the Best Places to Work in Los Angeles. Phelps is a member of the ICOM global network of agencies. Visit us at www.phelpsagency.com. Media Contact: Kristen Bergevin 155467@email4pr.com 310 752 4456   SOURCE Phelps CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Personnel Announcements, Small Business Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Global Top Countries Compressed Natural Gas Vehicles Market Report Next PostNext Real Time Location Systems (RTLS) Market To Reach $6,804.23 million With 32.14% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tony Stern Joins Phelps as Chief Creative Officer Creative director on global advertising campaigns for Apple, Smirnoff and Google will direct storytelling for pioneering integrated marketing agency; Succeeds Hall of Fame Chief Creative Officer Howie Cohen, who is retiring after leading award- and business-winning campaigns for five decades LOS ANGELES, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Phelps, one of the nation's largest 100% employee-owned agencies, has tapped Tony Stern, creative director and writer on global campaigns for Apple, Smirnoff and Google, among others, as its new chief creative officer. Stern succeeds Howie Cohen, a two-time CLIO Hall of Famer who created the iconic Seventies Alka-Seltzer ads ("I can't believe I ate the whole thing" and "Try it, you'll like it"). Cohen is retiring after a career that spanned five decades, the last two of them with Phelps where he led defining campaigns for such brands as Petco, Tahiti Tourisme and City of Hope. Stern has helped build many of the world's largest brands – including Adobe, Electronic Arts, Google, Hyundai and Smirnoff – for several of its most renowned creative agencies, including David & Goliath, Goodby Silverstein & Partners, and J. Walter Thompson. He has worked inside major advertisers, creating thoughtful advertising and content for such launches as the iPad Air and the Google.org global initiative. Most recently, he has played creative consultant to advertisers, agencies and tech startups, building a broad perspective on new opportunities in the creative space. "The combination of new technologies and emerging media platforms gives even the smallest advertisers an opportunity to create impactful campaigns," said Stern. "At Phelps everyone is in the room from the beginning, attacking a business problem from all sides together and searching new ways for the right ideas to live. That's what drew me in, and I think it's why Phelps has so many uncommonly longstanding client relationships." Cohen took a principal role in the extensive search for his successor, because Phelps requires a creative leader who is comfortable thinking across marketing disciplines and working with other specialists throughout the process of developing a campaign. At Phelps, specialists from strategy, creative, PR, media and a variety of digital disciplines work together on client-based teams to create and bring to market fresh thinking, with everyone seeing and shaping what the others are doing in real time. "Tony matches the heartbeat and personality of Phelps," said Cohen. "He understands how advertising, public relations and social media in all their forms actually work in the world, and he's comfortable working with all of the specialists to make them work synergistically. His work with Smirnoff, as an example, was a knockout because it got people around the world sharing their experiences. That's in line with Phelps, where we put everyone together on work from the beginning, because the linear approach to communications can't keep pace with today's world." Founded in 1981 as an integrated marketing communications agency, Phelps operates an open, multidisciplinary collaboration that's unusual in the agency business. Client teams take on all work together, involving relevant disciplines from research to paid and earned media. Every week, the entire agency comes together to discuss client work openly, often with clients involved in the process. And the work stays up on The Wall as an opening for continual contribution from anyone in the agency. The result is a legacy of campaigns with tangible business results for clients that stay with the agency, sometimes for more than 20 years.    "We've built an environment where anyone can come up with ideas and grow them collectively, and Tony fits as a successor to Howie," said Ed Chambliss, president. "He's quiet, reserved and respectful, and he chimes in with the one sentence that brings the idea together and inspires the whole team." The transition continues positive changes for Phelps, which moved to a 25,000-sq.-ft. office in Playa Vista, Calif., designed for collaboration to, as Phelpsters say, "put more brains on the client's business." "Howie had nothing to prove when he came to us 19 years ago," said Joe Phelps, founder and CEO of Phelps. "Over these years we've all grown to love Howie for his good heart as well as his talent. We will miss him. And thanks in a large part to his persistence we found another great talent in Tony. Our clients will be thrilled when they see his work." About Phelps Phelps creates and delivers integrated messaging and media campaigns for category leaders such as Bosley, City of Hope, Dunn-Edwards Paints, Learn4Life schools, Natrol vitamins, Panasonic, Public Storage and SunPower Corp. Founded in 1981 and 100% employee-owned, Phelps ranks as one of the largest independent agencies on the West Coast, and is regularly listed among the Best Places to Work in Los Angeles. Phelps is a member of the ICOM global network of agencies. Visit us at www.phelpsagency.com. Media Contact: Kristen Bergevin 155467@email4pr.com 310 752 4456   SOURCE Phelps CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Personnel Announcements, Small Business Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Global Top Countries Compressed Natural Gas Vehicles Market Report Next PostNext Real Time Location Systems (RTLS) Market To Reach $6,804.23 million With 32.14% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Generator Market – Evolving Industry Trends and key Insights by 2024 Global Food Grade Lubricants Market Products, Services and Applications 2017-2021 Global Environmental Sensing and Monitoring Market by Type, Technology Used, Services, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Geography, Applications and Forecast by 2021 Bio-implants Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 SleepMaker’s Sleep Guide Gives Tips for Buying a Bed for the Perfect Sleep Proudly powered by WordPress
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock Google buckles under pressure from Russia, will open Android to other search engines Mike Wehner @MikeWehner April 17th, 2017 at 11:03 PM Share Tweet Android, often seen as the much more open and flexible mobile operating system alternative to Apple’s notoriously strict iOS, is now being forced to open up even more, at least in Russia. A lengthy battle between Google and Russian anti-competition watchdog group FAS began two years ago has finally culminated in Google relenting. The company will loosen restrictions on Android’s built-in search engines to allow for Russian competitors a share of the pie. Don't Miss: Apple is having trouble getting the iPhone 8’s signature feature to actually work Android’s heavy reliance on Google services is to be expected, but in 2015 the Russian antitrust group — officially the Federal Antimonopoly Service — ruled that Google was breaking the law by forcing users to lean on Google for search. The ruling was the result of a complaint filed by Yandex, a Russian competitor to Google that runs the largest search engine in the country as well as web mail, news, maps, and other services. Google’s settlement of the issue comes with the condition that Android will no longer lock down the search engine to Google, and must allow users the ability to change it if they want from within the Chrome web browser. Google will also loosen its exclusivity of the default apps on Android devices sold in Russia, potentially allowing for Yandex and other regional competitors to muscle in and replace the built-in apps with their own versions, depending on user preference. Reuters reports that the agreement will remain valid for at least six year and nine months, and the settlement will still cost Google a whopping $7.85 million in various fines. Tags: Android, google, Russia View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic is finally addressing Pokemon Go’s biggest problem 2 Tech Why the iPhone 7S could be better than the iPhone 8 3 Deals Today’s Alexa smart plug sale on Amazon is even better than yesterday’s 4 Tech These leaked iPhone 8 schematics are a travesty if they’re real 5 Tech Microsoft is trying to make passwords obsolete, and it might succeed Picked For You The best thing about Samsung’s new Galaxy S8, aside from the design By Zach Epstein April 19th at 11:15 AM Everyone’s favorite Alexa smart plug is back on sale on Amazon By Maren Estrada April 18th at 4:12 PM Scientists just unearthed an absolutely terrifying new sea creature By Mike Wehner April 19th at 7:12 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tony Stern Joins Phelps as Chief Creative Officer LOS ANGELES, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Phelps, one of the nation’s largest 100% employee-owned agencies, has tapped Tony Stern, creative director and writer on global campaigns for Apple, Smirnoff and Google, among others, as its new chief creative officer. Stern succeeds Howie Cohen, a two-time CLIO Hall of Famer who created the iconic Seventies Alka-Seltzer ads („I can’t believe I ate the whole thing” and „Try it, you’ll like it”). Cohen is retiring after a career that spanned five decades, the last two of them with Phelps where he led defining campaigns for such brands as Petco, Tahiti Tourisme and City of Hope. Stern has helped build many of the world’s largest brands – including Adobe, Electronic Arts, Google, Hyundai and Smirnoff – for several of its most renowned creative agencies, including David & Goliath, Goodby Silverstein & Partners, and J. Walter Thompson. He has worked inside major advertisers, creating thoughtful advertising and content for such launches as the iPad Air and the Google.org global initiative. Most recently, he has played creative consultant to advertisers, agencies and tech startups, building a broad perspective on new opportunities in the creative space. „The combination of new technologies and emerging media platforms gives even the smallest advertisers an opportunity to create impactful campaigns,” said Stern. „At Phelps everyone is in the room from the beginning, attacking a business problem from all sides together and searching new ways for the right ideas to live. That’s what drew me in, and I think it’s why Phelps has so many uncommonly longstanding client relationships.” Cohen took a principal role in the extensive search for his successor, because Phelps requires a creative leader who is comfortable thinking across marketing disciplines and working with other specialists throughout the process of developing a campaign. At Phelps, specialists from strategy, creative, PR, media and a variety of digital disciplines work together on client-based teams to create and bring to market fresh thinking, with everyone seeing and shaping what the others are doing in real time. „Tony matches the heartbeat and personality of Phelps,” said Cohen. „He understands how advertising, public relations and social media in all their forms actually work in the world, and he’s comfortable working with all of the specialists to make them work synergistically. His work with Smirnoff, as an example, was a knockout because it got people around the world sharing their experiences. That’s in line with Phelps, where we put everyone together on work from the beginning, because the linear approach to communications can’t keep pace with today’s world.” Founded in 1981 as an integrated marketing communications agency, Phelps operates an open, multidisciplinary collaboration that’s unusual in the agency business. Client teams take on all work together, involving relevant disciplines from research to paid and earned media. Every week, the entire agency comes together to discuss client work openly, often with clients involved in the process. And the work stays up on The Wall as an opening for continual contribution from anyone in the agency. The result is a legacy of campaigns with tangible business results for clients that stay with the agency, sometimes for more than 20 years.    „We’ve built an environment where anyone can come up with ideas and grow them collectively, and Tony fits as a successor to Howie,” said Ed Chambliss, president. „He’s quiet, reserved and respectful, and he chimes in with the one sentence that brings the idea together and inspires the whole team.” The transition continues positive changes for Phelps, which moved to a 25,000-sq.-ft. office in Playa Vista, Calif., designed for collaboration to, as Phelpsters say, „put more brains on the client’s business.” „Howie had nothing to prove when he came to us 19 years ago,” said Joe Phelps, founder and CEO of Phelps. „Over these years we’ve all grown to love Howie for his good heart as well as his talent. We will miss him. And thanks in a large part to his persistence we found another great talent in Tony. Our clients will be thrilled when they see his work.” About Phelps Phelps creates and delivers integrated messaging and media campaigns for category leaders such as Bosley, City of Hope, Dunn-Edwards Paints, Learn4Life schools, Natrol vitamins, Panasonic, Public Storage and SunPower Corp. Founded in 1981 and 100% employee-owned, Phelps ranks as one of the largest independent agencies on the West Coast, and is regularly listed among the Best Places to Work in Los Angeles. Phelps is a member of the ICOM global network of agencies. Visit us at www.phelpsagency.com. Media Contact: Kristen Bergevin 155467@email4pr.com 310 752 4456   SOURCE Phelps CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements, Small Business Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fraud in the „Credible Fear” Process Next PostNext 5 Days 2 Weekends 70 Artists in 50 Studios Search Recent Posts Disposal of Social Intelligence RentVest Property Management Announces Alliance with Boomerang to Combine Services for Rental Property Investors Corporate Finance Associates Advises River City Engineering in Its Acquisition by Trihydro Corporation New Diborane Market Research Report Focused On World Development Overview Forecast To 2021 Rossville, GA Author Publishing Leadership Book Proudly powered by WordPress
tp:news tp:research tp:events Edition: International Nederlands Log in Register Products 0 Article Binder Edition: International Nederlands Log in Article Binder 0 Products Telecompaper Loading... 0 Sections Subscriptions Home : Wireless Broadband Video : General : IT : Industry Resources : Jobs : Calendar Subscriptions Broadband Google releases major update of Google Earth Wednesday 19 April 2017 | 10:40 CET | News Google has announced a major upgrade to Google Earth, bringing 3D imagery to major cities and sites around the world. Over two years in the making, the new version is available initially on the web (Chrome) and for Android devices and will be available for iOS and other platforms later.  Google worked with the BBC's nature channel to develop stories about wildlife and their habitat within Google Earth and also offers 'knowledge cards' with more information about a number of major cultural sites included in detail on Google Earth. Sites such as the Grand Canyon in the US, Chateau de Chambord in France and the Burning Man in the US also come with the opportunity to send 'postcards' of detailed views when users click and zoom in on the 3D imagery.  Free Headlines in your E-mail Every day we send out a free e-mail with the most important headlines of the last 24 hours. Subscribe now Categories: Internet Companies: BBC / Google Countries: World ::: add a comment Add comment 
 Register an account with Telecompaper We welcome comments that add value to the discussion. We attempt to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam, and our editors frequently review the comments to ensure they are appropriate. If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate to the discussion, you can bring it to our attention by using the report abuse links. As the comments are written and submitted by visitors of the Telecompaper website, they in no way represent the opinion of Telecompaper. Related Google en BBC Nature vernieuwen Google Earth Published 18 Apr 2017 15:06 CET | World Google en BBC Worldwide kondigen aan dat zij samen BBC Nature content aan Google Earth zullen toevoegen. Met BBC Natural ... Broadband 19 Apr Dunkin' Brands picks AWS as cloud infrastructure provider United States | News 19 Apr Globecomm taps Ciena to provide services for media providers World | News 19 Apr Sling TV intros live OTT service on LG smart TVs United States | News 19 Apr CyrusOne names Schildkraut as chief strategy officer United States | News 19 Apr FluidOne starts BT ADSL2+, FTTC activation promo United Kingdom | News 19 Apr Lightower expands presence in Detroit market United States | News 19 Apr Achterhoek take more steps for fibre in rural areas Netherlands | News 19 Apr TTK records 2 mln Wi-Fi users in railway stations Russian Federation | News 19 Apr Almost half of UK firms reported security breach in 2016 United Kingdom | News 19 Apr Kaspersky Laboratory grows revenues 4% in 2016 Russian Federation | News ::: more boadband Related Info Google en BBC Nature vernieuwen Google Earth 18 Apr | World | News 97.3% Mobile penetration Belgium  |  2016 Q4 ::: more facts & figures Market Commentary 22 Mar Facebook's hardware strategy can't come too soon 22 Mar French mobile market set for more pain as Free heats up battle for customers 2 Mar Snap IPO: is it a new Facebook or more like Twitter? 22 Feb Telenet wants to be number one but still has a long way to go 21 Feb Dutch takeover law sympathetic, but risks bureaucracy, arbitrariness and discounts ::: more market commentary Background Articles 19 Apr Spotify: market leader through innovation 18 Apr Lancom warns of radio equipment problems as EC late on standards update 14 Apr Albert Heijn to test connected fridge magnet 13 Apr WEurope telco incumbents: economies of scale of little help in financial performance 13 Apr Industrial IoT offers large opportunities for telcos, but not tomorrow ::: more background articles Calendar   /   Industry Events 20 Apr Elisa Q1 2017 20 Apr DNA Q1 2017 20 Apr Verizon Q1 2017 20 Apr Sky fiscal Q3 20 Apr Verizon Q1 2017 20 Apr FCC Open Meeting 20 Apr NextGenTel AGM 20 Apr PTS markets day 20 Apr Monetising Big Data in Telecoms World Summit 2017 21 Apr MTG Q1 2017 21 Apr China Unicom Q1 2017 21 Apr Orange Belgium Q1 2017 21 Apr Telecoms World Asia 22 Apr NAB Show 24 Apr Tele2 Q1 2017 24 Apr Telekom Austria Q1 2017 24 Apr Crown Castle Q1 2017 24 Apr Breko Glasfasermesse 24 Apr MVNO World Congress 25 Apr Ericsson Q1 2017 25 Apr AT&T Q1 2017 25 Apr Corning Q1 2017 25 Apr Logitech fiscal Q4 25 Apr Texas Instruments Q1 2017 25 Apr Juniper Networks Q1 2017 25 Apr America Movil Q1 2017 25 Apr RingCentral Q1 2017 25 Apr Com Hem Q1 2017 25 Apr ONUG Spring 25 Apr FTTH Conference APAC ::: More Calendar Items 20 Apr Monetising Big Data in Telecoms World Summit 2017 21 Apr Telecoms World Asia 2017 24 Apr MVNO World Congress 2017 26 Apr China SDN/NFV Conference 2017 27 Apr IoT Global Congress 02 May Loyalty Expo 2017 03 May SDN & NFV India Conclave 2017 08 May WBA Wireless Global Congress 09 May G.fast Summit 2017 4th Edition 12 May 5G India 2017 International Conference 15 May TM Forum Live! 18 May Insurance IoT China Summit 2017 23 May CONNECTIONS™ 2017 01 Jun IoT Tech Expo Europe 2017 07 Jun OptiNet China / China FTTH Forum 08 Jun Internet of Things Event 7th edition 26 Jun Insurance IoT EU event 28 Jun MWC Shanghai 2017 18 Jul Communications 20/20 20 Sep SD-WAN Summit 2017 2nd Edition 20 Sep Wireless China Industry Summit 29 Nov IoT Tech Expo North America 2017 ::: More Industry Events Twitter ::: follow Telecompaper on Twitter ::: follow Facebook ::: like Telecompaper on Facebook ::: like LinkedIn ::: connect with Telecompaper on LinkedIn ::: connect Free Headlines ::: subscribe now Telecompaper We have been keeping professionals in the telecoms industry up-to-date since 2000. Telecompaper is a well respected, independent research and publishing company focussed on the telecommunications industry. tp:news tp:research tp:events This Site My account Alerts Subscriptions Products iPhone app Syndication FAQ / Help Advertise Press Contact Jobs Industry events Contact Information Corporate HQ Standerdmolen 20-III 3995 AA Houten The Netherlands Phone: +31 30 6349600 Fax: +31 30 6349699 Legal Information © 2000 - 2017 Telecom.paper BV. All rights reserved. Telecompaper is a trademark of Telecom.paper BV. No part of this site can be reproduced without the expressed permission of Telecom.paper BV. Our General Terms and Conditions can be found here. Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions OK For optimum operation, this website makes use of cookies. For more information click here.
Home News Features Latest/Upcoming Tech Product Review Tech Events Technology Computing Hardware Software Mobile Devices Apps Messaging App Innovation Startups Smart Gadgets Augmented Reality Cloud Computing Business Internet Commerce Tech Market Tips & Tricks Miscellaneous Jobs / Career Social Media Home News Features Latest/Upcoming Tech Product Review Tech Events Technology Computing Hardware Software Mobile Devices Apps Messaging App Innovation Startups Smart Gadgets Augmented Reality Cloud Computing Business Internet Commerce Tech Market Tips & Tricks Miscellaneous Jobs / Career Social Media News Treat your wanderlust with this Updated Google Earth by Selene Kyle -- April 19, 2017 Treat your wanderlust with this Updated Google Earth 2 Shares Google Earth has always been quite popular for helping you better visualize the planet with its satellite imagery, topographic maps, and 3D cities. And now, the company is rolling out an update for Google Earth for web and Android. With this massive update, the virtual globe has introduced us with some awesome features. Voyager The update comes with a new feature called “Voyager,” which is basically Google’s showcase of guided tours. Created with the help of some of the world’s leading scientists, storytellers, as well as nonprofits, Voyager feature presents you with lots of curated journeys around the globe. Each of the voyages is centered on a theme, such as “Earth View” or “Museums Around the World.” The first one lets you see the most mysterious and striking landscapes available in Google Earth, while the latter one gives you the Street View of 28 museums in each corner of the Earth. Also, if you’re planning to visit places like Tokyo, London, and Mexico City, Google Earth has itineraries to show you all the best places in those cities. I’m Feeling Lucky The update also comes with an “I’m Feeling Lucky” feature. Once clicked, you’ll be digitally transported to a random location or landmark of the planet Earth, served with a description from Wikipedia. The best part is this virtual globe isn’t a download-only program anymore. You can access Google Earth from any computer that has Google Chrome installed in it. you can also download the updated Android app, while iOS users will have to wait a little longer. Related ItemsFeaturedGooglegoogle earthI'm Feeling Luckyitinerariesvoyagerwikipedia Click to add a comment News April 19, 2017 Selene Kyle Related ItemsFeaturedGooglegoogle earthI'm Feeling Luckyitinerariesvoyagerwikipedia More in News Want to utilize spare time? Download WaitSuite now Rafayatul RabbyApril 19, 2017 Read More New tracking system for Malaysian Airlines Trevor MarshallApril 19, 2017 Read More Wondering about the new Galaxy S8’s battery? Then here is all you need to know Joseph GreenApril 18, 2017 Read More The science of de-extinction Trevor MarshallApril 18, 2017 Read More Facebook Messenger user base continues to rise Rafayatul RabbyApril 18, 2017 Read More Lynk & Co unveils the 03 shareable car Trevor MarshallApril 17, 2017 Read More Spiegel won’t expand Snapchat in India because the country is too poor William GreenwoodApril 17, 2017 Read More These hacker archetypes help you decide which one you need to hire Anika SalamApril 17, 2017 Read More SpaceX Hyperloop pod competition- Second Edition announced Trevor MarshallApril 16, 2017 Read More Scroll for more Tap Top News Want to utilize spare time? Download WaitSuite now AppsApril 19, 2017 New tracking system for Malaysian Airlines FeaturesApril 19, 2017 Treat your wanderlust with this Updated Google Earth NewsApril 19, 2017 Cute and tiny mint box for gaming with a Raspberry Pi inside GamingApril 19, 2017 Airbnb finally confronts the giants of the hotel industry AppsApril 18, 2017 Cadillac Self Driving mechanism is set to beat Tesla Auto Pilot! InnovationApril 18, 2017 Wear this awesome charging bracelet if you’re prone to forget your charger at home WearablesApril 18, 2017 Wondering about the new Galaxy S8’s battery? Then here is all you need to know Product Review & AnalysisApril 18, 2017 A technology media that aims at the latest tech news, events, gadgets, tools, innovations, startups and many more. NEWS Features Latest/Upcoming Tech Product Review Tech Events Technology Innovation Business Hardware & Software Computing Hardware Software Mobile Devices Messaging App Tips & Tricks Others Startups Cloud Computing Social Media Internet Commerce Copyright © 2016 www.thetechnews.com | Pages: ABOUT US | PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS OF USE | CONTACT US The science of de-extinction New tracking system for Malaysian Airlines
  Subscribe RSS Shop About C21 Contact Sign in Register Please wait... Please wait... Home News Perspective Sections Reports Mediabase Events Resources C21TV C21Screenings Schedule Watch My C21 Jobs Home > News > BBCWW places Treasures on Google BBCWW places Treasures on Google The BBC’s popular wildlife series Plant Earth II BBC Worldwide (BBCWW) has teamed up with Google to offer users of its relaunched Google Earth service access to BBC nature programming. BBC’s Natural Treasures sits within the new Voyager feature of Google Earth and allows viewers to explore more than 30 locations across habitats including islands, deserts, grasslands, mountains, cities and jungles. Users will be able to explore using “specially curated journeys” that feature clips from BBC shows such as Life Story, Africa and Planet Earth II. Five video collections from BBC app The Story of Life featuring Sir David Attenborough will also be available via Voyager. Jackie Lee-Joe, chief marketing officer at BBCWW, said the arrangement would help to “strengthen our decade-long partnership with Google by pursuing a common goal to bring audiences everywhere even closer to our incredible planet.” “Through this partnership, we’re leveraging BBC Worldwide’s iconic brand and content to deliver audiences a new way to experience the natural world.” Richard Middleton 19-04-2017 ©C21Media SECTIONS: C21Factual, FutureMedia GENRES: Factual SHOWS: Africa, Life Story, Planet Earth II COMPANIES: BBC Worldwide, Google COUNTRIES: UK, US Please wait... Send us your news by clicking here Tweet {literal}  Print This Post  Email This Post ALSO ON C21media today SWR, ARD commit to more crime eOne, Palomar prep Gaddafi biopic ZDFneo sniffs out funding for drama UKTV goes Into the Fire France seeks SA, Israel copro pacts Winstone leaves Red Planet for BBC Israel's Ananey hires Red Arrow alum BBCWW places Treasures on Google Johnston to chair Creative Skillset TNT unravels mystery pilot Cohen’s Access makes RatPac deal Tin Roof takes Outline stake MarVista, IM claim Kong remake Amazon extends Patriot act Kabo's Cops land in Ukraine Comedy Central appoints Taskmaster Madman bags action, adventure prodco MD enters Oz Jungle Euro buyers invest in original drama ESG preps period reality TV drama Benthues extends Redseven stay related content BBC Worldwide shows Unforgotten Series 2 BBC Worldwide The Collection BBC Worldwide In Plain Sight BBC Worldwide Motorheads BBC Worldwide Spy in the Wild BBC Worldwide more BBC Worldwide shows C21TV shows Joe and Caspar hit E4 C21TV The factual factor C21TV The 4K future C21TV Paradise found C21TV Epic deal time C21TV more C21TV shows C21Media.net is… Everything about content in the 21st Century, from television to web, mobile, tablet and beyond. First sight of new shows in development to analysis of global industry trends, C21Media is regarded as Home to The International Entertainment Community. Free C21 alerts From the daily C21Media newsfeed to weekly genre focused e-publications. Register to receive the latest news and analysis to your desktop or mobile device. Subscribe to C21 A subscription to C21Media gives access to exclusive news, unique resources and specialist content areas. From as little as £3 per week you can access the best news and analysis in the global content business. Click here to read more and subscribe online. Sharing access Please be aware that our terms and conditions strictly prohibit the sharing of subscriptions and abuse can lead to prosecution. For more information on our multi-user packages, please call +44 (0)20 7729 7460. C21 everywhere You can follow C21 on Twitter or subscribe to our video podcast. Our website is also coded to work on all tablets. Contact C21 C21 Media Limited Second Floor 148 Curtain Road London EC2A 3AT +44 (0) 20 7729 7460 www.C21Media.net [email protected] Privacy policy Terms and conditions
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Gearburn Incisive reviews for the gadget obsessed Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe World Industry News Advertising & Marketing Big Tech Apple Google Microsoft Security Mobile Android iOS Apps Interviews Geek Culture TV & Movies Streaming Viral videos Memes Humour Online Fun Competitions Social Facebook Twitter Instagram WhatsApp Snapchat YouTube LinkedIn Future Tech Bio Technology Internet of Things Military Tech Space Technology Transport Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs MenuWorld Industry News -Advertising & Marketing -Big Tech --Apple --Google --Microsoft -Security -Mobile --Android --iOS --Apps -Interviews Geek Culture -TV & Movies -Streaming -Viral videos -Memes -Humour -Online Fun -Competitions Social -Facebook -Twitter -Instagram -WhatsApp -Snapchat -YouTube -LinkedIn Future Tech -Bio Technology -Internet of Things -Military Tech -Space Technology -Transport -Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs Trending Fake followers are a massive problem, as SA duo proves 5 superhero movies you might want to bookmark in 2017 Transnet debuts first locomotive designed and made in South Africa High five: Weed is semi-legal, Twitter celebrates Oh no, baby! What is with this brand new meme? Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi ad has gone viral for all the wrong reasons Twitter mourns Club Penguin’s death, its collective ‘childhood’ Industry News / Big Tech / Google / Google Earth’s new facelift lets you explore the planet from your couch By Julia Breakey on 19 April, 2017 breakeypls Share Google has redesigned Google Earth for Chrome and Android, with features meant to inspire you about humanity’s “shared home.” “Google Maps is about finding your way, Google Earth is about getting lost,” a Google representative said. And it’s not hard to see why. The most astonishing of the new features is Google Earth’s 3D function. Whereas before views were restricted to aerial and street, now Google offers a full 360 degree view of any place on the map. This imagery is created by combining data from satellites, planes and depth maps to put together realistic 3D renderings. Another of the new features is the educational tool Voyager. Teaming up with storytellers and scientists of the likes of David Attenborough and Jane Goodall, Google presents a showcase of interactive guided tours. The tours can take you to Papua New Guinea to learn of its birds of paradise, to Tanzania’s Gombe National Park to meet its chimpanzees, or even to six different houses around the world to learn how others live. But if you’re not sure where you want to go, Google has you covered. The new design has incorporated an “I’m feeling lucky” option, which jets you off to a random place on the globe and presents you with its Wikipedia page. Three clicks of this button took me to the biggest water park in Slovakia, Chuuk Lagoon (a sheltered body of water in the middle of the Pacific), and Rome. And if you like what you see, there’s a feature for that too. Google now offers virtual postcards: the option to copy a direct link to where you are standing, and send it to anyone you’d like. Google Earth for Android is rolling out this week, and will be available on iOS and other browsers “in the near future.” Author | Julia Breakey Julia is a UCT film graduate with a passion for dogs, media, and dog-centric media. If she's not gushing about the new television show that you need to watch, she's rewatching The Good Place (which you need to watch). More RELATED Burger King’s ‘Connected Whopper’ ad is genius, but Google doesn’t agree Google AutoDraw is AI-powered autotune for your terrible doodles Google Trends charts the UEFA Champions League teams ‘winning on search’ BurnCast Subscribe via email SHARE Popular Latest Comments | April 20, 2017 Fake followers are a massive problem, as SA duo proves | April 20, 2017 5 superhero movies you might want to bookmark in 2017 | April 20, 2017 Transnet debuts first locomotive designed and made in South Africa | April 20, 2017 High five: Weed is semi-legal, Twitter celebrates | April 20, 2017 Oh no, baby! What is with this brand new meme? | April 20, 2017 Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi ad has gone viral for all the wrong reasons | April 20, 2017 Twitter mourns Club Penguin’s death, its collective ‘childhood’ Julia Breakey | April 20, 2017 Table 19 movie review: cute, but misses the emotional mark Andy Walker: Editor | April 19, 2017 Facebook Messenger is changing: here’s what you should know Andy Walker: Editor | April 19, 2017 Bonang faults SAA’s food, airline hits back with sassy tweet Julia Breakey | April 19, 2017 Snapchat debuts dope new lenses for rear-facing camera Andy Walker: Editor | April 19, 2017 Wondering where winter is, Cape Town? Ask this city in Poland Julia Breakey | April 19, 2017 Last Week in Trailers: Star Wars Thors our icy hearts Andy Walker: Editor | April 19, 2017 Here’s how to write a Chainsmokers chart-topper in just 60 minutes Elea Guywiththehair Tsentzelis says: This game looks great. We're planning on Live... Chante says: OK,EVERYONE has the right to voice their opin... Goodbye says: Well I can add this cra# pie to the list of m... Warren Steenkamp says: Is the 3DS even available in South Africa? I ... Howard says: Rape - The term rape originates in the Latin ... Sumpil says: It has been confirmed that it will be unveile... BI & Analysis Manager at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Qlikview Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) .Net Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Data Scientist at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Fintech C# Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Data Analyst at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Web Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid Level Web designer/ developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) PPC Specialist at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Software Support Consultant at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Memeburn focuses on everything digital in the emerging markets sphere. More about us here Copyright © Memeburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Google Burger King's 'Connected Whopper' ad is genius, but Google doesn't agree Read More »
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 ETFs To Think About If You Want Exposure To Facebook FB is well positioned for future growth Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Don't Make These Costly Mistakes When Booking Your Summer Travel Don't go broke on vacation My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Google Earth Comes Back With Guided Tours April 19, 2017, 07:57:00 AM EDT By RTT News Shutterstock photo (RTTNews.com) - Google has redesigned Google Earth, bringing guided tours and 3D view to Chrome browsers and Android devices. Google's service, known for showing satellite imagery, topography and 3D buildings, introduced new mobile-friendly features on Tuesday allowing users to see 3D maps of specific locations, and to learn about random places around the world. Google Earth is partnering with organizations like BBC Planet Earth, NASA, Sesame Street and the Jane Goodall Institute for interactive guided tours. The service includes video journeys to six different habitats produced by BBC Earth, and a kid-friendly jaunt to Mexico with Sesame Street muppet Lola, to learn about Mayan ruins. An I'm Feeling Lucky button that features 20,000 curated places also adds to the new service, suggesting unique locations. While clicking the button, the service will take users somewhere unexpected, from opera houses in Italy to hot springs in Japan, and also will show a knowledge card of interesting facts. The users can see the location in three dimensions in one's browser or on mobile device, using the service's new 3D feature. Google Earth also suggests Points of Interest based on what the users searched for on the past. The new Google Earth is now available in Chrome or on Android, and will be coming to iOS and other browsers in the future. Google said the revamping of Google Earth was in making for two years. Gopal Shah, Google Earth product manager, reportedly said, "Google Maps is for finding your way. Google Earth is for getting lost. Google Maps is sort of my personal assistant to get me around a place...[With] Google Earth we want to take you where you're not...It's about exploring the world." For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com http://www.rttnews.com This article appears in: World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: GOOG , GOOGL More from RTT News Subscribe Is Peer-to-Peer Lending Safe? Understanding Employee Stock Options Related stocks Articles Subscribe IBM/Oil Scrambles Market 4/20/2017 02:04 AM My Secret To A 96 Percent Win Rate 4/20/2017 01:00 AM The Latest Interest Rate Increase Will Boost Bank of America's Net Interest Income by How Much? 4/19/2017 10:22 PM See headlines for GOOG Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated United Continental Holdings Inc. Q1 Income Retreats 70% Netflix Inc. Q1 Income Rises 536% Trump Administration Refrains From Tagging Any Country 'Currency Apple considers bidding for big stake in Toshiba's chip business Citigroup Inc. Reports 17% Rise In Q1 Profit JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs... VivoPower International PLC Announces a Joint Venture for a 1.8 GW... iCo Therapeutics Announces Year End 2016 Financial Results Over 200 Fintech Startup Finalists to Celebrate Worldwide Fintech... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Stocks Referenced GOOG 91% Rate It GOOGL 88% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
