Recent Posts ZTE ZMAX PRO beta program may bring Android Nougat to a budget phone Android Nougat on Honor 8 in Japan starting today LG once again feels the need to declare G6’s battery safe LG Android Wear 2.0 watch seems imminent with FCC application TSMC in the US could happen, though it may not “be a good thing” Recent Comments Anonymous on US Axon 7 Android Nougat Preview open for application Anonymous on Huawei Honor 8 review rebuttal: Beauty and the Beast Anonymous on Apple seems to have missed iPhone SE demand Anonymous on Galaxy S7 may have helped Samsung earnings for Q1 Anonymous on Nexus 5X still $199 with a Project Fi subscription until May 8 [UPDATE: June 9th] Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Android 2678 Swipe down for Google: latest app beta also spreads Google Assistant by Jules WangJanuary 9, 2017 5:47 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Google Assistant will soon officially be available on Android Wear and there is code to say it is there. Well, it’s starter code, but the significance is there. The Google app for Android got an update to its beta version today bringing it to version 6.10. Android Police tore down the .apk and found a couple other feature adds within the code. As always, beta code is not final code. The features previewed now could disappear or change in how it is executed before the final update. One such feature, you could argue, should’ve been with Assistant in the first place: text input. Sure, you could plug into Google’s chat app Allo to do that, but the regular user might not associate instant text access to Google Assistant with Allo. And there are some sensitive conditions that bring in the need for dropping the voice component of interacting with the Assistant. A keyboard logo in the Google Assistant UI will signify when you’ll be able to type your query. Search gestures are a new feature. As Kevin Barry, developer of Nova Launcher, noted, the code used in this incarnation of the action looks very similar to that found in Google’s open source launcher3 project that allows users to swipe down from anywhere on the home screen to trigger an action. Extra code found in this incarnation could trigger more things within either the Google Now or Pixel Launcher — though it’s not clear what we’re looking at just yet. Android Police‘s sister site, APKMirror, has a signed copy of the update app. Hit the source link for that. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 56% Like It 0% Want It 22% Had It 6% Hated It 17% ViaGSMArena SourceAndroid Police Posted In Android, Phones, Tablets Tags app, Beta, Google, Google Assistant, News, UI, voice assistant app, Beta, Google, Google Assistant, News, UI, voice assistant About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. You might also like appBetaGoogleGoogle AssistantNewsAndroidPhonesTablets   Read More Google Maps integrates Uber functionality directly into its directions   Read More Atari pushes RollerCoaster Tycoon for mobile   Read More Nex + Ingress Band could be why Pokemon GO smartwatch apps are delayed   Read More Nova Launcher discounted by 80 percent through January 1   Read More Vine Camera will remain as a six-second clip creator for Twitter purposes   Read More Samsung Pay spreading to every Galaxy phone with fingerprint sensors CES Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   ZTE ZMAX PRO beta program may bring Android Nougat to a budget phone Android Nougat on Honor 8 in Japan starting today LG once again feels the need to declare G6’s battery safe LG Android Wear 2.0 watch seems imminent with FCC application 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Showing off the HTC U Ultra, RIP Froyo, and some early MWC 2017 teasers | #PNWeekly 235 CES 2017 wrap up on the road from Las Vegas | #PNWeekly 234 Best of 2016 and prepping for CES 2017 | #PNWeekly 233 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   The new BlackBerry, ASUS ZenFone AR, ShadeCraft and more – CES 2017 Wrap-up (Video) Must Read:HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra hands-on (Video) T-Mobile completely misses the mark with new anti-AT&T commercial (video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Appliances Smart Home ​Google, Amazon, Apple, Samsung lead sales in smart home devices ​Google, Amazon, Apple, Samsung lead sales in smart home devices Smart home hardware and services' revenue is forecasted to hit $195 billion by 2021, according to new report. Smart Home by Dara Kerr January 10, 2017 12:52 PM PST @darakerr Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Google Home, a voice-activated smart speaker, is taking on Amazon's Alexa in the battle to control your whole home.Photo by Taylor Martin/CNET Smart home devices, like Amazon's voice-activated speaker Echo and Google's smart smoke detector Nest Protect, have led to big business. New data released Tuesday shows sales of smart home hardware and services are expected to hit $83 billion this year, according to market research firm Juniper. That number is expected to more than double in the next four years, rising to $195 billion by 2021. The companies slated to lead the charge are Alphabet (Google's parent company), Amazon, Apple and Samsung, according to Juniper. The market research firm dubbed those companies the "Big Four" and said they'll "further solidify their positions" as leaders over the next few years. Smart home hardware and services covers a gamut of categories, including entertainment, automation, health care and connected devices. The fastest-growing areas over the next five years are expected to be home automation and smart appliances, according to Juniper. Such devices in those categories would include Google's smart speaker and assistant Google Home and Philips' Hue Wireless Dimming Kit that lets people use an app to dim their lights and turn them on and off. New products from CES 2017: The CNET team shows you the latest gear from the Las Vegas tech show. Check it out right here. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Smart Home Smart Amazon Google Samsung Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: ​Google, Amazon, Apple, Samsung lead sales... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Autos Jobs Real Estate e-edition Subscribe Sign In Biz & Tech Home SFGATE Local Pot Legalization Columnists San Francisco Bay Area Crime Politics Obituaries US & World US World Politics Science Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Op-ed columns Insight Open Forum Submit your opinions Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Cal High School Stanford Sharks Outdoors College Biz & Tech VisionSF Real Estate Driving the future Markets A&E Movies & TV Arts & Theater Music Music Festivals Guide Books Bad Reporter Horoscopes Comics Games Movie Listings Leah Garchik Food+Home Restaurants Wine & Beer Recipes Top 100 Restaurants Home Design Style Scene Fashion Weddings Top Shops 2016 Travel Photos Photos of the Week The Regulars Archives Chronicle Covers Our SF: Archive From the Archive Portals of the Past Archives Search In-Depth Top 100 Restaurants Beyond Homelessness Oakland Fire Victims AIDS Survivors Rising sea levels The Najee Chronicles Seafood's new normal Black lives, black voices NorCal Brewery Map Bar Stars 2016 Membership About Membership Exclusive offers Join Now e-edition App Manage my account Store Move over, App Store: Startup looks for new way to distribute apps By Wendy Lee January 9, 2017 Updated: January 9, 2017 4:46pm Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1of/3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Ernestine Fu, right, watches Michael Piech play with a vintage video game emulator to get ideas for new games for Blackstorm at the Blackstorm headquarters in Mountain View in December. Blackstorm creates software that it licenses to companies so that the firms can embed their apps within other popular apps like Facebook, without having consumers download an additional separate app through the Apple App or Google Play stores. less Ernestine Fu, right, watches Michael Piech play with a vintage video game emulator to get ideas for new games for Blackstorm at the Blackstorm headquarters in Mountain View in December. Blackstorm creates ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 2 of 3 Blackstorm executive Michael Piech and co-founder Ernestine Fu meet with employees at the Mountain View company. Blackstorm executive Michael Piech and co-founder Ernestine Fu meet with employees at the Mountain View company. Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 3 of 3 Jimmy Griffith, studio head (left) works with Raymond Yang, community manager on EverWing, an online game, at the Blackstorm headquarters in Mountain View. Jimmy Griffith, studio head (left) works with Raymond Yang, community manager on EverWing, an online game, at the Blackstorm headquarters in Mountain View. Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Move over, App Store: Startup looks for new way to distribute apps 1 / 3 Back to Gallery When iPhone users want to download apps, they mostly go to a single place: Apple’s App Store. The store is the gatekeeper for apps, ensuring they meet Apple’s standards for quality and ethics. But over the years, it’s been challenging for apps to get noticed among the millions in the store, and some people find it too cumbersome to spend minutes searching for and downloading new ones, only to delete them later due to lack of space on their phones. Venture capitalist Ernestine Fu aims to solve that problem. Her firm, Blackstorm Labs Inc. of Mountain View, sells technology that allows developers to distribute their apps without going through the App Store. Instead, the apps are available through links that consumers can send to their friends. “The time is right for the App Store to be disrupted,” said Fu, Blackstorm’s co-founder. Blackstorm Labs, which launched last year, has raised $33.5 million in funding. It is looking for alternative ways to distribute apps not just from the App store, but also from the Android equivalent, the Google Play store. The numbers are huge. Consumers spent $3 billion in December at the App Store, and Apple takes in as much as 30 percent in app sales for those that are distributed through its App Store. The App Store generated nearly double the amount of worldwide revenue compared with the Google Play Store in 2015, according to a report by App Annie, an app analytics firm. Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Blackstone employees raise their hands to agree to do a "Secret Santa" during a meeting at the Blackstorm headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., on Wednesday, December 14, 2016. Mountain View-based Blackstorm creates software that it licenses to companies so that the firms can embed their apps within other popular apps like Facebook, without having consumers download an additional separate app though a cumbersome process through the Apple App or Google Play stores. Blackstone employees raise their hands to agree to do a "Secret... Blackstorm wants to get a cut of those sales, plus provide an avenue where developers can reach consumers faster because they don’t have to download an app. It plans to make money through its technology by either charging a licensing fee or a percentage of an app’s revenue. Apple and Google did not return requests for comment. Blackstorm in November released a game called EverWing on Facebook’s Messenger app, letting users challenge their friends by sending them an invitation. Users click on the invite within Messenger to play and don’t need to download the game through the App Store. EverWing was one of a handful of games allowed on Facebook’s platform and was noted by the company as being one of the best instant games in 2016. Blackstorm has a studio where it can create its own games, including EverWing. Amitt Mahajan, a managing partner at Presence Capital, said he believes this type of technology “has a lot of promise,” especially when it comes to games. It makes sense for people to release games in the places where they are talking about them, such as a chat message. “That’s more akin to the real world,” Mahajan said, adding that it’s natural to start playing a board game at someone’s house, as opposed to downloading a whole different app to start playing a game. Other companies are also preparing for a future beyond a store for apps. Chinese firm Tencent told media outlets this week that its popular messaging app WeChat has a new feature that allows people to search for programs and add them within WeChat without going through the App Store. Google last year discussed Android Instant Apps at its developer conference; these would allow consumers to click on links and pull the minimal amount of information they need from an app without having to download the whole thing. “The app should be available instantly,” as quickly accessible as a Web page, said Raheel Hasan, CEO of 1App, a Menlo Park startup that plans to distribute apps through links. 1App charges developers a fee for using its service that lets them distribute apps outside of the App or Google Play stores. Users click on a link that allows them to stream apps instead of downloading them. Hasan declined to say how much the cost to developers was, but said it is a percentage based on app purchases or use and is generally less than what Apple and Google charges developers. More by Wendy Lee Passwords on shared devices can be snooping spouses’ best ally Plenty of users sticking with Yahoo despite data breaches Amid Yahoo hacks, a churn of security officers Silicon Valley courts cord cutters But some analysts caution that these new distribution efforts by apps raise other questions, such as how strict the startups will be when it comes to security. When apps go through an approval process through Google or Apple, the companies make sure the apps meet their quality standards and policies. “I would be concerned about viruses, malware and adult content,” said Jordan Edelson, CEO at Appetizer Mobile, which develops mobile apps. Both 1App and Blackstorm say they take security very seriously. Hasan said 1App would approve apps that haven’t yet been sold at the Google Play or App stores by reputable developers. In a way, 1App could be a way for a developer to test an app in the market without having to go through a lengthy approval process. “You have to change how people get to apps,” Hasan said. Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Wendy Lee Reporter Local SFPD faces pressure to release footage of shooting Restaurants Bauer: Tartine Manufactory rises to the occasion Summer of Love Reliving the Human Be-In 50 years later Top 100 Restaurants Top 100 Restaurants 2016: Savor Bay Area's best Biz & Tech Load more in Section Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Connect Services Profile Subscriber Services e-edition App Archives Membership Store Subscription Offers © Hearst Corporation
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Tango To Let Museum Visitors Take A Closer Look At Exhibits With AR Technology 10 January 2017, 7:20 am EST By Chris Loterina Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google wants to hasten the rollout of Tango, its augmented reality platform, by letting the public experience the technology in museums. The initiative will first hit the Detroit Institute of Arts using the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro.  ( Google ) Advertisement This early, Google's Tango is already proving to be quite useful even with the dearth of AR apps for the two devices currently supporting the platform. The company announced Jan. 9 that it is partnering with museums around the world to bring enhanced experiences through the use of the AR technology. The initiative will first get implemented in Detroit Institute of Arts through a dedicated app developed to offer visitors AR tools when viewing pieces being exhibited. The app called Lumin is going to bring AR interactivity and a new approach to providing information at DIA. For this particular museum, the project will be using the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, which will be available at the front desk. Google Tango In Museums If you are curious about the so-called enhanced experience, Google has cited specific examples that demonstrate how Tango can enrich interactions inside the museum. Take the case of the Egyptian mummy. Using the Tango-enabled device, visitors will be able to peer behind its bandages, revealing a fully preserved skeleton presented virtually. There is also the 3-by-4-foot mosaic that was once part of Babylon's Ishtar Gate. Using this piece as a point of reference, the Tango app will be able to show visitors the scale of the structure, which used to stand six stories high. (Photo : Google) Finally, Google touted how Tango can bring the Mesopotamian limestone relief to its appearance thousands of years ago. When the decorative element was made, it was painted in different colors. Using Tango, visitors will again see how they must have looked like in their past glory. AR vs. VR Based on the examples outlined, one should already recognize the AR's difference from virtual reality. The technology is bringing virtual objects into the physical world. This means that all content are confined to the smartphone screen, a variable that could prove to be a disadvantage when compared with virtual reality, which places its user right in the middle of the virtual world itself. However, companies are now reportedly building AR glasses that could make AR content consumption as immersive as VR. As more compatible devices roll out, developers are expected to produce more AR apps that could help bolster the viability of the platform. Meanwhile, Google — with its collaboration with various museums — seems ready to pull all the stops to get consumers to experience augmented reality despite existing constraints. As was previously mentioned, there are currently two devices supporting Tango today, and one of them, the Asus ZenFone AR, is yet to be released. This should could be rectified as OEMs start releasing compatible devices in the future. Google's push in this particular museum initiative was demonstrated through its vision of AR-enhanced exhibits it showed off last February during the Mobile World Congress. "This is just the beginning of how you'll be able to use Tango in museums to see more, hear more and learn more," Google said. TAG Google, Tango, Virtual Reality, Augmented reality, Asus ZenFone AR, Mobile World Congress © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google And Qualcomm Join Forces To Optimize More Snapdragon Processors For Project Tango Lenovo Phab2 Pro, World's First Google Project Tango Phone, Is Here: So, What Is It Really? Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Augmented Reality And Privacy At Utah Tech Tour, Says Encryption 'Makes The Public Safe' Apple Seems To Be Really Serious With Augmented Reality: Hirings Include Former Oculus, Magic Leap Employees Apple CEO Tim Cook Finds Augmented Reality Bigger Than VR, But Both Are 'Incredibly Interesting' - Is Apple Joining The Party? From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Android Nougat usage doubles, but adoption is still embarrassingly low Android Nougat usage doubles, but adoption is still embarrassingly low by Chris Smith 10 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments The Android Nougat operating system, the seventh major version, is now running on 7 in every 1,000 Google-based devices. The newly-outed Android distribution numbers for January make more grim reading for Google, especially given Nougat was released earlier than usual, in August 2016. Those handsets running 7.0 have hit 0.5 per cent, almost doubling last month’s tally, while 0.2 per cent of device owners are on Android 7.1. The latter represents Google Pixel users, suggesting there was no mad rush to snap up the Made by Google handsets over the festive period. Related: Android 7.0 tips and tricks The situation may improve in the coming weeks and months with Samsung, LG, Moto, Sony and HTC plotting roll-outs for their flagship devices. Also, the forthcoming Mobile World Congress expo should see a wealth of handsets launched with Android 7.0 out of the box. So far, the Pixel phones and the LG V20 are the only major handsets to launch carrying the latest version. However, updates and new handsets are unlikely to see the number of phones running Nougat immediately skyrocket. Within today’s distribution numbers, 2015’s Android 6.0 Marshmallow still sits at 29.6%. 2014’s Android Lollipop (versions 5.0 and 5.1) still leads the way, installed on a combined 33.4% of Android phones. Head-to-Head: Are the Google Pixel phones overpriced? Does having the latest version of Android matter to you? Or are the differences too few to even notice these days? Share your thoughts below. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW* OEM Google Pixel 32gb - 128gb (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5" 12.3MP $749.00 View Item *UNLOCKED* Google Pixel XL 5.5" Phone 128GB Quite Black Cell Smart $1,499.99 View Item L0T - Google Pixel XL (Latest Model) - 128GB - Mixed colors (Factory Unlocked) $500.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments iFrank January 11, 2017, 2:06 am Many/some people avoid updates. See your own article on Windows 10 updates. "Obnoxious" if I recall correctly. I am unanimous in that January 11, 2017, 4:04 am It would be useful if tablet makers actually got round to updating their products with the latest version of android but presumably they would rather sell you a new tablet. Google need to be a bit more proactive to encourage to do the former Jeff Penver January 11, 2017, 10:47 am I don't really understand why they didn't standardise the android models so the same update can be sent as-is to every handset. Phil January 11, 2017, 1:00 pm My girlfriend had a tablet which got updated to the latest version of Android and it basically bricked it. The whole thing ground to a halt and became unusable. There is an argument for keeping devices on the version of Android which they were optimised for, especially older ones as the OS will become more demanding as the average device specification improves over time. In the case of that tablet, it must have never been tested or it would never have been released - it wasn't an isolated problem. Anyone who updated seemed to get a useless tablet in return with no easy way of rolling back (unless you're an uber, l33t nerd which most of us aren't). It might have been a way of forcing people to buy new tablets but I wouldn't buy from that company ever again if that was the case. Phil January 11, 2017, 1:02 pm Far too complex - it would require practically identical models or an OS like windows with a huge driver database and maybe even going back to the days of a hardware abstraction layer. Standardisation to that degree would basically make it pointless having different manufacturers and competition would evaporate as they'd be all the same except for the casing. Phil January 11, 2017, 1:04 pm Indeed. If you're willing to accept the security risk (many people are as they don't do anything really secure on their phones) and don't care about feature updates there's a fine argument for not bothering updating. Microsoft are trying to avoid making the same mistake as Google and want to keep everyone at the same level which is fine until they do things like bricking printers with updates and so on.... ...which they routinely do. Printers, network adaptors, etc etc. Phil January 11, 2017, 1:05 pm The other issue is it takes "Apps" a while to catch up. Only recently have many, even well known apps, been optimised for Android 7.0. No point in having the latest OS when the whole point of a smartphone is the Apps and you can't use half of them or they don't work properly. jeff the chef January 11, 2017, 5:15 pm I don't wait for carriers to release updates anymore. If you have a computer, just adb sideload it when it comes to XDA. sao_paulo January 13, 2017, 12:11 am Google themselves have to take some of the blame. My Sony Xperia Z3 is capable of running Nougat, as shown by various ROMs & it was even chosen to run the Developer Preview version. But will now not get officially updated for not meeting some of their obsure requirements for Nougat. Seeing as the phone runs perfectly for me still on Marshmallow, so it will stay for me. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
M Sunday, Jan 15 2017 | Updated at 08:16 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Jan 10, 2017 11:02 AM EST By Eileen De Santos, UniversityHerald Reporter Google Chrome Guide, Tips: How To Download Web Page And Video For Offline View In this photo illustration Google's Chrome, Google Inc.'s new Web browser is displayed on an laptop. (Photo : Alexander Hassenstein/Getty Images) Google Chrome users can easily download most web pages and videos for their offline viewing pleasure. These guide and tips are applicable to Android devices loaded with Chrome. How To Download Web Page In Chrome First open the Google Chrome browser and load the web page intended for offline reading. Hit the three dots which are located at the Chrome Windows upper right side. It opens a menu but the download icon is at the top situated in between the information and bookmark icon. In case the icon is nowhere to be found, it's time to update your chrome browser. Downloading web page for offline is the only alternative for those travelling without Internet access, according to Fizure. Note that the download is only applicable per page, for multiple pages download each separately. For offline viewing, pull down the notification bar which is at top most part of your device's screen. Once there, you can hit the notification message for that particular download. Another way is to launch the Chrome browser again. Hit the three dot icon again but this time Select Downloads and choose the desired offline web page. How to Download Video In Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser and load the video you selected for offline viewing. Play the video then tap and hold it. A pop-up message will appear with the words "Download video". Tap it to begin downloading. There are two ways to view it offline. Pull down the notification bar and tap the notice message that says the video has been downloaded successfully. The second way is to go back to Chrome and tap the three dots. From there choose Downloads and select the video you want to view offline. Unfortunately, YouTube videos are exempted from this download method, according to PC Advisor. This is curious since its videos are the most popular. Google owns YouTube but it's not willing to share its video for offline viewing. The only possible explanation for this is piracy fears on the part of the video owners and YouTube. Tags google chrome latest news, google chrome guide tips, google chrome offline viewing, google chrome download, google chrome android © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Nexus 7 Smartphone Release Date Cancelled? Why Did Huawei Decline Nexus 7 ... Samsung Year End Discounts At Best Buy; Find Out Which Smartphone Models Are The ... Amazon’s Transparency App: A Revolutionary Way To Do Online Shopping – Inclu ... Verizon Selling Google Pixel XL Like Hotcakes; But Can It Deliver? Siri Versus Google Assistant: Apple Patent Revealed Siri In iMessage Helping Wit ... Must Read Working While In College: Ways You Can Use Social Media In Finding Part-Time Jobs Jan 13, 2017 AM ESTHere are three ways you can use social media to find a part-time job while in college. ... Google Classroom Focuses More On Personalized Education Jan 13, 2017 AM ESTThe new Google Classroom update makes learning more personalized and teaching easier. ... The Top 10 Most Affordable Countries To Get A College Degree Jan 13, 2017 AM ESTA recent research has analyzed the cheapest countries to study college based on tuition fee and cost of living allowance ... How Higher Education Changed The Life Of Britain’s Youngest Robber Jan 13, 2017 AM ESTWhile university helps others prepare for a great career, it changed the life of Britain's younget robber and allowed him to change the lives of many ... Most Popular Square Enix's Latest Moves Adds Confusion To The 'Final Fantasy XV' Gamers Jan 14, 2017 AM ESTSquare Enix working on unannounced expansion but declined to make any further comment ... One Punch Man Season 2: Saitama Could Lose For The First Time [Video] Jan 13, 2017 PM EST“One Punch Man” Season 2 has already been confirmed, however, no release date has been announced as of yet. With a possible 2017 release of the ... Android Nougat Update Confirmed for January: Moto X Play, ZTE Axon 7, Galaxy S7 Edge; More Handsets to Receive Soon Jan 14, 2017 AM ESTAndroid Nougat update schedules for Moto X Play and ZTE Axon 7 have been confirmed. Check out the details! ... NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Challenges AMD Vega 10; Moved Release Date On PAX East 2017 After RRA Certification Loss Jan 14, 2017 AM ESTNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti VS AMD Vega 10: AMD Vega 10 outscored NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti at RRA Certification. NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti hits back ... NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti March Launch Seen [Video] Jan 14, 2017 AM ESTThe Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2017 in Las Vegas is already done and many were left disappointed expecting NVIDIA to unveil a GPU or make ... Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus: Comparison Result Makes Decision To Convert To Android Easier Jan 14, 2017 PM ESTWith the Google Pixel XL's feature, others can easily decide to convert to Android. ... MIT's New AI System: How It Learns By Surfing The Internet Jan 15, 2017 AM ESTMIT's new information extractor system can fill the gap by itself by surfing the Internet ... University of Exeter Research Unravels How Whales Hold The Key To Menopause Jan 15, 2017 AM ESTA research team from the University of Exeter and University of York studied whale sharks and discovered what could be a clue why female have ... 'Doom 4' Canceled, Bethesda VP Explains Why; 'DOOM' Speed-run For AGDQ Done Under An Hour Detailed! [VIDEO] Jan 12, 2017 AM ESTBethesda's VP Pete Hines explains why they had to cancel "Doom 4" back in 2013. In other news, fans will be amazed at the latest "DOOM" speed-run ... AMD Ryzen Launching on Feb. 28 Jan 14, 2017 AM ESTSticking to their first quarter tradition, the release date of AMD Ryzen has been revealed and it is Feb. 28. After the launch of Ryze, AMD plans to ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Wearables More Living Auto Magazine More Tech in depth Best deals iPhone 7 PlayStation 4 Pro MacBook Pro Amazon Echo Dot Daydream View Get fit News Kuri is the robot that gives home assistant devices a personality Kuri is the robot that gives home assistant devices a personality By Joseph Carey   Echo and Home don't have that adorable look Shares There seems to be a recent trend of having robotic assistants in the home, and while the Amazon Echo and Google Home offer conveniences for users, they lack an emotional impact that a more traditional robot solution does. The answer to this comes in the form of Kuri, a device created by Mayfield Robotics that was one of the most popular robots to be shown at CES 2017.   Kuri is designed to help you around the house, but not in the way Amazon and Google are doing it. Instead this little robot, that measures up at 50 centimetres tall, is crammed full of technology to help differentiate itself from the less adorable house helpers on the market. Loudspeakers, microphones, a camera and sensors are just some of the technologies Kuri has inside itself.   All of these technologies culminate to create a robot that can be useful in a ton of different situations — the robot can alert parents if their children have made it home from school and the camera can be used in conjunction with the Kuri smartphone application to allow users a glimpse inside their home when they’re away. This is the cutest mobile home camera on the market.    Kuri acts as your shadow, following you around the house, learning the interior of your home to make note of the quickest routes around it. The robot has been designed to do more emotional tasks like read your children bedtime stories through audiobooks or play you a podcast while you get ready for work in the morning.   The robot doesn't speak English and instead shows emotion through its eyes, movement of its head and bleep bloop language. Kuri is a robot that moves around your home, isn't a vacuum and on paper seems to have all the cute boxes checked off with a few practical ones too. The device isn't going to be able to do calculations for you or search the web, but for every task it can't do, it’s got an adorable one in compensation. Kuri is currently available for pre-order and will retail for $699 (£575). You’ll be able to have this little robot following you around when it releases at the end of 2017. Read more: Key themes of CES 2017: what do they tell us about the year in tech? Tags Google Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 These are the Nintendo Switch games announced at launch 2 Nintendo Switch review: hands on with the BigN's innovative new console/tablet hybrid 3 Best jacket: keep warm this winter with these technical jackets, coats, parkas, and shells 4 11 best smartphones 2017: our pick of the very best phones 5 10 best laptops for 2017 that you can buy right now 1 The Star Wars Machete Order explained 2 These are the Nintendo Switch games announced at launch 3 Nintendo Switch Zelda accessory leak suggests a March 2017 game release 4 Apple Watch Series 3: everything we think we know 5 This is how Apple will make the iPhone 8 transparent T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Google to Automatically Add Call Extensions to Mobile Ads in February News· Paid Search January 10, 2017 News Paid Search Matt SouthernJanuary 10, 2017 SEJ STAFF 460SHARES 833READS 460SHARES 833READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 460SHARES 833READS Google has been sending emails to AdWords advertisers informing them that call extensions will be automatically included in mobile ads beginning February 6, 2017. Not all advertisers are receiving this notice, only those whose landing pages prominently feature a phone number. Google will pull the phone number from the landing page and include it in the advertiser’s mobile ads as a call extension. Google is taking the liberty of making this change by default, while emphasizing that mobile search is predicted to drive 19% more calls to businesses than using landing pages alone. However, there are several reasons why advertisers may not be in favor of this change. Some may not want to pay for calls being placed to their business through mobile search ads, and some may not even want to encourage phone calls if they’d prefer to capture leads in otherwise. If for whatever reason, you do not want call extensions to be automatically added to your mobile ads you will have to opt out manually. You can opt out by following these steps: Navigate to the Ad extensions tab Select “View: Automated extensions report” Scroll down to “Automated extension options (advanced)”, then click on “Edit” Select the option that says “Do not use specific automated extensions for this account” If you’re in favor of having call extensions automatically added to your mobile ads then you can simply do nothing and let the change take effect when it rolls out next month. If you already have call extensions in place, then this change will not affect you at all. Related Posts Price Extensions Are Coming to Google’s Mobile Text Ads Google is Soon Rolling Out Imported Call Conversions for AdWords Google AdWords Introduces Call-Only Campaigns Google AdWords to Automatically Count Cross-Device Conversions ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Book an Uber Ride Directly in Google Maps on iOS and Android - January 12, 2017 WordPress 4.7.1 Security Release Available, Immediate Update Recommended - January 12, 2017 Google Recommends No Longer Using the Link: Operator - January 12, 2017 Download: Our Ebooks Get our "SEO Guide", "Social Media Strategy", and "Content Marketing Whitepaper" by subscribing below. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 23.9K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.1K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 9.8K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 8.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 6.8K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter International Edition Monday January, 16, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Taiwan gets Google's live transit updates By Christine Chou, The China Post January 11, 2017, 12:02 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet TAIPEI, Taiwan -- Catching the bus just got a bit easier. Google Transit, a real-time bus and railway tracking feature in the Google Maps app, officially launched in Taiwan on Tuesday. Now instead of just seeing bus and metro choices in the Maps app, you can see the bus's estimated arrival as reported by the transit operator in real time. Google said the transport information service would provide commuters with nationwide railway data feeds. In the initial roll-out, the feature will be available for use in five major cities: Taipei, New Taipei City, Taoyuan, Taichung and Kaohsiung. Coming Soon to More Cities Near You Google said its developers would continue working on adding new transit options and cities for the new feature, with Tainan City among the regions to support Google Transit in the next round. With the added feature, whenever users type in their place of departure and destination point, the system will run calculations and show them public transport routes and required waiting times. The company said this tool would help users who rely heavily on public transport to more efficiently plan their trips. A How-to Google presented an example to show new users how to use the new service. For a user that seeks to use Google Map to search for the best route from Taipei 101 to the National Palace Museum or from the Taiwan High Speed Rail Zuoying Station to E-da Theme Park, they only need to type those locations into the Google Maps app for a route suggestion. Users will see bus options, how long each route will take and when the next bus will arrive. Time until arrival will be displayed in green, unless the next bus or train has been delayed, in which case it will turn red. Google said currently public transportation information is supported by Android devices, iPhones and the website version of Google Maps. Currently, Google Maps boasts over 1 billion active users around the world and provides real-time traffic data feeds in 100 countries. Google said that its Maps app had more than 1,000 credible information sources. These sources include open data and commercial graphics, such as satellite, aerial and street view images. The firm said that it would continue to update its features to provide a more comprehensive and convenient map service. SHARE CLOSE Blogger Google+ Live Journal Plurk Stumble Upon   Tweet PREVIOUS ARTICLE Telecom with heart NEXT ARTICLE CAL to work with Airbus to boost capabilities Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 'Turnaround King' sets sights on TransAsia 2 1.68% GDP boost forecast for 2017 3 Gilead ordered to pay Merck 4 Acer approves NT$6.34 bil. impairment charge 5 Average real earnings decline 6 TransAsia shares rally to daily upper limit 7 Delta Air reportedly will stop serving Taiwan in May 8 Asus unveils ZenFone with Daydream, Google Tango 9 McDonald's sells China operations to consortium for US$2.08 billion 10 Mobile payment market to reach US$780 bil. in 2017: firm Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Google Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon Google’s Key Transparency project aims to ease a tough task in cryptography Alphabet’s Eric Schmidt heads to Trump Tower (again) Browse more... communication Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light? SocialBooks turns your social media into a lasting memento of your horrific year WhatsApp launches video calling for everyone Browse more... voip calling voip Apple’s latest foray into the enterprise involves deeper integration with Cisco Facebook Messenger launches Group Calling to become your phone RingCentral opens its WebRTC API to developers Browse more... google-voice You can now sign up for Google’s Project Fi cell service without an invite Google Voice Search Gets Smarter, Now Understands Complex Questions And Their Meaning Google Voice Finally Supports MMS On AT&T, Sprint, And Nearly 100 Other Carriers Browse more... Google Voice is getting an upgrade Posted Jan 10, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Chelsea Peretti returns to host the 10th Annual Crunchies Awards Google’s somewhat aging VoIP calling service, Google Voice, is preparing to roll out a significant update, the company has confirmed. Several Google Voice users this week reported seeing an upgrade link touting “the new Google Voice” on the web version of the service, along with a link that would let them try it out. Clearly, the message was posted too early because the upgrade didn’t come through when the link was clicked. However, its existence has been an encouraging sign for Google Voice customers, many of whom have felt as if the service has been abandoned in favor of Google’s many newer efforts in the communications space, including Hangouts, and more recently, messaging apps like Allo and Duo. According to the Droid Life blog, which was one of the first to see the upgrade link appear, the banner popped up at the top of the screen when they logged into their account, with a message that read: “The new Google Voice is here. TRY NOW.” But when they tried it, the page just refreshed and they remained on the current user interface. Google Voice hasn’t been updated in some time, making the product feel a bit been abandoned. Many are saying it hasn’t had any attention in years, but that’s not entirely true. It didn’t receive much attention in 2016, but before that, the last notable updates have included things like Google Hangouts’ integration with Google Voice back in fall 2014, and 2015’s update which improved Google Voice’s voicemail transcriptions.  Still, its updates have been few and far between, despite the usefulness of the service and its potential. Google’s failure to continue investing in the space has allowed other voice calling apps the ability to gain ground. Not only are voice messaging apps a popular category today, the idea to give users the ability share a public phone number that can ring them anywhere, on a line that has its own voicemail and filtering options, is now something other startups, like Burner or newcomer Listen, are handling instead. These Google Voice rivals have succeeded in part by focusing on mobile users – an area where Google Voice has fallen behind, having not updated its iOS and Android apps since the first half of last year. After the flood of reports, Google confirmed that it’s working on some updates to Google Voice, but declined to give us further details ahead of the launch. Google’s strategy with regards to its communications apps has been messy, so it will be interesting to see what the new Google Voice entails. The company has a number of communication products, which seem to be in a constant state of flux. Hangouts, for example, has just seen its API shut down, which will effectively shutter the app ecosystem on the platform for most developers. The apps that were allowed to remain have an enterprise focus instead, as Google explained to developers in an email that it’s moving away from its consumer focus. Image Credit: Droid Life 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes communication voip calling voip google-voice Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 4 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 10 hours ago | Matt Heiman Comment moderation powered by Up Next Chelsea Peretti returns to host the 10th Annual Crunchies Awards Posted Jan 10, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 10 hours ago by Matt Heiman Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller You should read this super-interesting AMA with AI researcher Joanna Bryson yesterday by Devin Coldewey SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:00 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Beta App Update: Weather, Nearby Restaurants, My Events Added To Google Now Home Screen By Corazon Victorino On 01/10/17 AT 6:30 PM Close Google has added widget shortcuts to its Google Now home screen. However, this new feature is not going to be available to everyone just yet. For now, only those who have the beta version of the Google app will have access to the shortcuts.  On Monday, VentureBeat reported that the beta version of the Google app for Android has been updated with shortcuts to certain widgets. Since the shortcuts are displayed on the Google Now home screen, they appear on top of the cards below the Google search results bar.  Users who have the Google beta app can access the shortcuts in two ways. First, they can launch the Google Now home screen by tapping inside the Google Search box widget on their home screen. The other way is by simply swiping right from the home screen on any of their Pixel smartphones.  Related Stories Google Shuts Down Google+ Hangouts API Apple iPhone 8 Launching With iPhone 4-Like Design? Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.2.1 Beta 3 Amid iPhone's 10th Anniversary The shortcuts are only present in version 6.10.35 of the beta app. The different widget shortcuts available as of this time include weather, the calculator, nearby restaurants, Solitaire, nearby ATMs, Tic Tac Toe, a coin flip, My Events and nearby coffee shops. The list of displayed shortcuts is updated real-time based on the shortcuts users frequently launch.  One can also access the full list of these widget shortcuts by tapping the View All button at the end of the row of shortcuts. The shortcuts are categorized into the following: Nearby, Tools, Travel, My Stuff, Entertainment, Weather and Fun.  All of the features that now have shortcuts can be accessed by manually searching for them. However, this update on the Google Now home screen makes it easier and faster for users to launch them. Sad to say, the widget shortcuts are only available to the Google beta app for Android. Search Engine Land says they are not found on the iOS equivalent of the app as of late.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Nexus 6 Received Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update With January Security Upgrades Nexus 6 Received Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update With January Security Upgrades By Christopher McCandles / January 8, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 6 Received Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update With January Security Upgrades 161 It’s been over two years since Google has released the Nexus 6, the first phablet built in collaboration with Motorola. At that time, the device ran on Android 5.0 Lollipop and every time a new version came out, it was delivered to it in short time. After the arrival of Nougat, Google worked on update 7.1.1, which rolled out to newer Nexus devices. The Nexus 6 had a bug that messed up the developers’ plans, who had to schedule the update for an OTA roll out in early January. The new features and changes brought by Android 7.1.1 Nougat update include support for circular app icons; new emojis promoting gender equality; keyboard image insertion – allowing users to send emoji, stickers and GIFs from the messaging app; a new Moves menu in Settings containing actions that can be triggered by gesture, and app shortcuts imitating the 3D Touch features from Apple’s iOS 9. The Android 7.1.1 (build N6F26Q) build comes with the latest January 5, 2017 security bulletin and the Nexus 6 users can download the factory images and OTA images from the Google Developers website. Unfortunately, the update doesn’t offer Pixel’s Night Light and Google Assistant features, but the good news is that many bugs have been fixed. The Nexus 6 is a bit heavy and too large for users with small hands, as it has a thickness of 10.1mm and a display of approximately 6-inch, but it offers a QHD resolution and it’s water resistant. Under the hood, it hides a Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 chipset that’s powered by a quad-core 2.7 GHz Krait 450 processor and it houses an Adreno 420 GPU and 3GB of RAM. Also, it offers two variants of internal memories of 32GB and 64GB, which can’t be expanded, and the battery has a capacity of 3220mAh. The primary camera takes decent pictures, as it supports a resolution of 13MP and features such as autofocus, OIS, and dual-LED (ring) flash, while the secondary camera is recommendable only for video calls, because it has a resolution of only 2MP. Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update, January Security Upgrades, nexus 6 Recommended stories you may like: Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Major Security Threats Get Patched by Google Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Google Proves Once Again What Price It Puts On Security How To Fix Android 7.0 Nougat’s Wi-Fi Problems On Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6P Gets Pixel Exclusive Features and Improvements OnePlus Smartphone Lineup Received OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update Nexus 5X Presenting The Full Nougat Experience Google Moved Quick And Patched Major Nougat Security Flaw for Nexus 6 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi BugJanuary 12, 2017 Huawei Honor 6X Completely Outshines Nexus 6P in a Simple ComparisonJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security IssueJanuary 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Nexus 6P vs HTC 10 – Which Android Phone Is Better? Nexus 6P vs HTC 10 – Which Android Phone Is Better? By Christopher McCandles / January 8, 2017 / Phones No Comments on Nexus 6P vs HTC 10 – Which Android Phone Is Better? 144 HTC is one of Google’s OEMs and this means that its flagships are privileged to receive the latest Android updates. The Taiwanese manufacturer managed to release Nougat to its HTC 10, giving users a taste of the new features such as multi-window mode, bundled notifications and many more. But how does this handset compare to the Nexus 6P, the phone that Huawei has built for Google? Design The Nexus 6P was the first full metal smartphone with a premium look that Google has released in 2015, being a lot more beautiful than the bulky Nexus 6 created by Motorola. The Nexus 6P has a wide horizontal protruding strip made of black glass running across the top of the back, where you can find the camera, and much lower is placed the fingerprint scanner. You should be careful not to drop the phone on its back, because you’ll risk cracking the glass. On the other hand, the HTC 10 has a similar design as its predecessor, it’s also made of metal, but it has diamond cuts that give the impression that the device is levitating when it’s sitting on a surface. Display The Nexus 6P has a much larger 5.7-inch QHD AMOLED display with a good contrast, brightness, saturation etc. The HTC 10 has a 5.2-inch QHD Super LCD5 display with no on-screen capacitive buttons, and the bezel bars have been removed. Hardware The Nexus 6P is one year older than its rival, so it’s powered by a Snapdragon 810 octa core (4×1.55 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4×2.0 GHz Cortex-A57) processor that’s very fast, responsive and offers a reliable performance. The processor is backed by an Adreno 430 GPU and 3GB of RAM and this combination allows you to play graphic-intensive games. The HTC 10 has received the newer Snapdragon 820 quad core (2×2.15 GHz Kryo & 2×1.6 GHz Kryo) processor, which supports 4GB of RAM and an Adreno 530 GPU. In terms of internal storage, while the Nexus 6P offers three variants of 32, 64 and 128GB, which can’t be expanded, the HTC 10 offers a microSD card slot and two variants of 32GB and 64GB. Cameras and Batteries The Nexus 6P has a 12.3 MP rear camera with laser autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, and an aperture of f / 2.0, while the secondary camera is 8MP and the battery is massive, with a capacity of 3450mAh. The HTC 10 has the same camera sensor: Sony IMX377, but a larger aperture of f / 1.8, and it offers optical image stabilization. The secondary camera has a lower resolution of 5MP, but it supports OIS, while the battery has a capacity of 3000mAh. Related Tagged as: HTC 10, Nexus 6P Recommended stories you may like: Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their Needs Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart? Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money? Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better? Huawei Honor 6X Completely Outshines Nexus 6P in a Simple Comparison Google Nexus 6P Deals Available For Only $325 Huawei Honor 6X is on its Way to India ZTE Blade V8 Pro vs Honor 6X – Two Great Affordable Smartphones Huawei Honor 6X vs Motorola Moto G4 Plus – Two Tech Giants Have A Go At Each Other Google Released January Security Update With A Fix For a Nexus Vulnerability Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) vs. Galaxy A7 (2016) – Battle of the Generations Huawei Honor 6X Just Arrived In The Middle East Honor 5X vs Honor 6X – Is There Really A Need For Upgrading? Honor 6X to Sport Dual Camera – Top Flagship Feature on a Budget LG G6 vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 Comparison: Battle of The Future Flagships HTC One X10 Update and All You Need To Know Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMsJanuary 15, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6PJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their NeedsJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Google Nexus 6 Gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat Right Now Google Nexus 6 Gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat Right Now By John Misha / January 9, 2017 / Software and Apps 2 Comments on Google Nexus 6 Gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat Right Now 211 Nexus users have been quite upset with Google lately because lately, the US based tech giant has switched its focus towards its “own-made” Pixel brand. The reason why Google is trying prioritizing the Pixel line is because the company wants to make the devices seem more appealing towards customers and Google is doing this by providing the Pixel line with the latest Android updates ahead of time but what’s really upsetting Nexus owners is that some of Nexus devices get their update really late. Nexus 6 is the smartphone which seems to always be forgotten by Google and Nexus 6 users are seeing this as being a marketing scheme, but Google cleared everything up when it stated that there’s actually a bug which is causing this delay. Well, it looks like Google wasn’t lying because Android 7.1.1 Nougat recently started rolling out, but Android powers users who have rooted their devices can install the upgrade themselves right now. Installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat On Nexus 6 Before heading into the installation process Android users should make sure that they have backed up their data and that their device is rooted with TWRP custom recovery. Also, very important is to not forget to enable USB debugging on the device and also to download the CM 14.1 custom ROM and GApps package. Connect the designated device to a PC via USB and duplicated the downloaded files on the device’s SD card. Disconnect the smartphone and boot it into recovery mode by simultaneously pressing the power button and volume keys. Using the same physical buttons perform a factory rest and then wipe the cache (don’t forget the dalvik partition). Using the TWRP recovery menu browse over to the SD card where the files have been duplicated and confirm their installation one by one. The only thing left to do now is to reboot the system.   Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat, Google, nexus 6 Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Major Security Threats Get Patched by Google Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Google Proves Once Again What Price It Puts On Security How To Fix Android 7.0 Nougat’s Wi-Fi Problems On Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6P Gets Pixel Exclusive Features and Improvements OnePlus Smartphone Lineup Received OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update THGhost When are we gonna get this as an official update? I really don’t fancy going throught these steps, I’d much rather my phone got the update itself. tydye I’m confused as to why you say that Google has released the factory images, but if a Nexus 6 user wants to use 7.1.1, that the need to download Cyanogenmod and the Gapps. CM is not even maintained anymore since CM inc shut down. It would make more sense to say goto the Google Factory Android Images and download from there. Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMsJanuary 15, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6PJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their NeedsJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Google Nexus 6P Upgrading To Android 7.1.1 Nougat Might not be the Wisest Choice Google Nexus 6P Upgrading To Android 7.1.1 Nougat Might not be the Wisest Choice By Wayne Westerberg / January 9, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Google Nexus 6P Upgrading To Android 7.1.1 Nougat Might not be the Wisest Choice 138 Usually, one of the advantages that owning a Nexus smartphone brings to users is the fact that Google is directly managing the devices meaning that users get Android firmware updates ahead of time. Well, this tradition recently ended because Google switched its attention from the Nexus brand ever since it launched its first ever “Google-made” Pixel devices. This was clearly seen a few months ago when Google launched its latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system update. What happened was that Google delayed the update from arriving to Nexus 6P and when it finally arrived it was ridden with issues. One major problem Nexus 6P users experienced was the device’s battery started malfunctioning and randomly powering off. This certainly upset Nexus fans, especially since the only known way to fix it was to change the device’s battery with a brand new one. If the battery issue looked bad, there’s an even more major one. Recent reports are showing that once Android users install the latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat update the Nexus 6P goes into a bootloop mode thus being rendered useless. This problem is already widespread, affecting hundreds of Nexus 6 owners and the only statement Google made didn’t provide Nexus 6 users with any helpful information, it just instructed them to return their device to the shop their bought it from and ask for a repair. What’s really annoying is that even though the device’s warranty might be available, some shops could refuse repairing or replacing the smartphone if it presents cosmetic damages. Right now, all that Nexus 6P users are thinking is that this is actually a marketing scheme from Google to try and persuade them into buying a Pixel device. Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat, Google, Nexus 6P Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Major Security Threats Get Patched by Google Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Google Proves Once Again What Price It Puts On Security How To Fix Android 7.0 Nougat’s Wi-Fi Problems On Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6P Gets Pixel Exclusive Features and Improvements OnePlus Smartphone Lineup Received OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMsJanuary 15, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6PJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their NeedsJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Google Nexus 5 Still Going Strong as a Mid-Range Device Google Nexus 5 Still Going Strong as a Mid-Range Device By John Misha / January 9, 2017 / Software and Apps 13 Comments on Google Nexus 5 Still Going Strong as a Mid-Range Device 348 One great thing about Android powered devices is that even if they reach a certain milestone and Google stops rolling out firmware updates, Android power users can always keep their devices up to date with the latest updates by using custom ROMs. One example of that is Google’s own Nexus 5. Even though the device was launched back in 2013 and Google stopped supporting it, thanks to CyanogenMod and CAF, users can install Android Nougat on it right now. It’s rather important to keep Android devices up to date because Google includes a monthly security patch in their updates. Security should be everyone’s top priority these days, especially since hackers and malicious software developers are getting more ingenious by the day. In fact, the latest January security patch fixes 95 security breaches including a major one which allows hackers to remotely control Android devices through media apps such as email and messages. While flashing a custom ROM might sound complicated and some Nexus 5 users aren’t familiar with the process, they shouldn’t worry about this at all because developer teams such as CyanogenMod provide users with step-by-step guides. In fact, CyanogenMod isn’t the only liable custom ROM developing team from which Nexus 5 users can choose. The CAF version of CM 14.1 is also very stable and it’s completely bug free. Installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat will completely change the user experience because the device will be filled with innovative features. One of the best features Nougat brings is the ability to multi-task while opening two apps at the same time. By paying a short visit to one of the custom ROM developer’s website Nexus 5 users can get an idea themselves on what to expect. Related Tagged as: Android 7.1.1 Nougat, CM 14.1, Google, Nexus 5 Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Major Security Threats Get Patched by Google Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Google Proves Once Again What Price It Puts On Security How To Fix Android 7.0 Nougat’s Wi-Fi Problems On Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6P Gets Pixel Exclusive Features and Improvements OnePlus Smartphone Lineup Received OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update Alius Umbra My Nexus 5 is updated to the latest security update from a few days ago. No custom ROMs, still stable and awesome. My wife is unhappy with the microphone volume, but that might just be the T-Mobile signal. 2× Nexus 5 phones, 2× Nexus 7 tablets, happy gadgets in a happy household. Lars Øyvind Hagland “it’s completely bug free” …and there went any point in reading the article. Alius Umbra Right??? It’s like saying “Florida is idiot-free”… I immediately check out of the conversation. fastoy This is a joke, right? You realize that CyanogenMod closed its doors on December 31, 2016? And that the CAF ROM was withdrawn before that? That said, I am still running CM 14.1 from December 25, 2016 and looking forward to Lineage OS to replace it. Vipin Even I am happy with Nexus 5’s performance so far, and I am satisfied. Recently a security update was released. Currently it i running on 6.0.1 version of Android. Let’s wait for 7 now. God knows, when it will be available for Nexus 5. Alius Umbra Android 7 ain’t coming to our Nexus 5 phones, tho. Not without mods. That’s the point of the article. https://twitter.com/akalam700 Abdul Kalam I think still my pure Nexus 5 is running good. Don’t need any Custom Rom https://plus.google.com/u/2/104819672474098148728 Evil Nick I have a 5x now and still miss my 5 daily. What an amazing device http://www.undercountrymusic.com Neil Smith I have a nexus 5 and received a security update to it just yesterday. Adam G Arsenault You on os6.0.1? http://www.undercountrymusic.com Neil Smith Yep https://twitter.com/akalam700 Abdul Kalam Even I have received the same Keith Llewellyn The security update was October’s. I had one for my N5 a few days ago. Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMsJanuary 15, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6PJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their NeedsJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Nexus 5X Install Available with CM 14.1 – Get The Full Nougat Experience Nexus 5X Install Available with CM 14.1 – Get The Full Nougat Experience By Wayne Westerberg / January 9, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 5X Install Available with CM 14.1 – Get The Full Nougat Experience 123 The smartphone that propelled the Nexus brand to reach the popularity level it is now its undoubtedly 2015’s Nexus 5X. While the LG-made device managed to generate huge amounts of profits for Google, the US tech giant decided to stop supporting it. What this basically means is that Nexus 5X users are not going to receive the latest Android 7.1 Nougat update any time soon but, thanks to CyanogenMod there’s another way. CyanogenMod is a team made entirely from software developers which specialize in creating custom ROMs that are based off Google’s Android operating system. In fact, CyanongenMod is regarded as being the best developer team right now and not only because their custom ROMs are near flawless, but also because CyanongenMod is always the first to make Google’s latest updates available for older devices. Recently, CM 14.1 ROM has been released and Nexus 5X is also eligible for it. How To Install CM 14.1 On Nexus 5X Before we can jump into the installation process, Nexus 5X users should make sure that their device has been rooted with TWRP or CWM recovery and that USB debugging is enabled. Download CM 14.1 from CyanongenMod’s official website and the respective GApps package as well. Also, very important is to make sure that there’s around 80 percent battery left. Connect the smartphone to a PC via USB and transfer the downloaded files on the SD card; Unplug the USB and boot the Nexus 5X into recovery mode by simultaneously pressing down the physical home and volume keys; Using the same keys for navigation and confirmation perform a complete Nandroid backup; Now perform a factory reset and wipe the cache partition then the Dalvik cache; While in the TWRP or CWM menu browse over to the SD card and select the CM 14.1 file and confirm its installation; Repeat the last step for the GApps package; All that’s left now is to reboot the device. Related Tagged as: CM 14.1, CyanogenMod, Nexus 5X Recommended stories you may like: Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMs Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop Mode Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy Issues Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo Issues Google Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Fixing the Wi-Fi Bug Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P IBM X-Force Reports Major Security Issue Google Nexus 6 Brings Unexpected Problem with the Latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 Install Steps Available for Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Major Security Threats Get Patched by Google Nexus 6P And Nexus 6 Google Proves Once Again What Price It Puts On Security How To Fix Android 7.0 Nougat’s Wi-Fi Problems On Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Nexus 6P Gets Pixel Exclusive Features and Improvements OnePlus Smartphone Lineup Received OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update Google Nexus 5 Continue to Inspire Developers to Create Custom ROMsJanuary 15, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Comes with Issues on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6PJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6 Users Angry at Google for not Satisfying their NeedsJanuary 15, 2017 Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Guide to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat UpdateJanuary 14, 2017 Nintendo Switch Will Require Users To Pay Monthly Fee For Online ServiceJanuary 13, 2017 Sony PS4 Major Update Comes in FebruaryJanuary 13, 2017 Final Fantasy XV Huge Expansion Coming SoonJanuary 13, 2017 Android 7.1.1 Nougat Causes Nexus 6P To Enter A Bootloop ModeJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Updates Comes With In-Car Bluetooth BugJanuary 13, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. Nexus 5X – What Sets Them Apart?January 13, 2017 Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P January’s Security Patch Ahead Of Schedule Fixed Privacy IssuesJanuary 13, 2017 NVIDIA Shield 2017 is a mix of old and newJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6 On Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Has Speakerphone Echo IssuesJanuary 12, 2017 Nexus 6P vs. iPad Pro 9.7 Inch – Which Tablet is Worth Your Money?January 12, 2017 Google Nexus 5X vs Samsung Galaxy J7 – Which One Is Better?January 12, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact Search for: Creator Commentary – Jason Masters On James Bond #12 Posted by Dan Wickline January 10, 2017 One Comment Jason Masters just completed a 12 issue run on James Bond with Warren Ellis for Dynamite. Now the artist sits down and gives us his commentary on the grand finale. Page 1 A little while before I was meant to start on issue 12 Warren [Ellis, writer] sent me a link he’d created in Google maps. He’d plotted out the exact path that the final action scene would take place on. This proved to be very helpful as most of the reference I needed was right there on street view. It helps when the setting you’re using is heavily populated, as whatever mad robots Google are using to archive out existence seem to do a more thorough job than usual. The only real negative side to all this reference is you now also have concrete proof of how wrong your background images are if you try to fudge something. I love that Warren set the Eidolon conclusion in London, a city integral Bond and MI6, loved it till I had to draw the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey. James Bond gets to travel the world and shoot people in the face, and for me his stories are sometimes ultra violent tours of beautiful places. Locations are as much characters as the people in Bond’s world especially, the way he’ll often use a location to overcome a foe. We’re reintroduced to the delightfully named Cadence Birdwhistle on this page, walking down Great George street toward Portcullis house. I based her on a mix of the model Coco Rocha and my beautiful wife. I’m not sure she felt all that flattered being added to the list of James Bond’s fictional conquests. Page 2 I could probably fake my way through being a limited tour guide for this particular part of London. For those interested, in panel one, across the road from Cadence is the Houses of Parliament shop. Here you can buy all the Big Ben related paraphernalia you could ever hope for. What a horrible bit of luck for Cadence, one minute you’re admiring Parliament Square Garden, the next you’re spotting the man who has tried to kill you countless times. Page 3 I love Hawkwood as a villain, smart, committed and a physical force of nature. I can’t speak for Warren here or what he intended when he created him, but for me Hawkwood combined the two archetypes of Bond villains into one. He is both the brains as well as the terrifying brawn. I had him wearing a pork pie hat in the previous issues as an ode to henchmen like Odd Job, and would have had him in the traditional bowler if Popeye Doyle’s ensemble from The French Connection hadn’t ingrained itself in me quite so much. Page 4 If you go back to page one you can see that Cadence’s security cover, in the brown hoody, has been trailing her from frame two. I wasn’t exactly subtle with it but it should have been a thing the reader didn’t realize until the last frame of this page when he’s signaled by Bond and turns around to intercept Hawkwood. Bond also seems to have an endless supply of Bentley’s and in almost every outing they get trashed. I’m assuming that that is a nod to Bond’s Bentley Blower getting destroyed in the original Casino Royale novel. Page 5 We all know that snapping a neck the way they do in the movies is nowhere near as easy as they make it look. Thing is, Hawkwood is very strong and highly trained so I’m perfectly content that this is his signature move. It’s brutally efficient, like him. MI6 seems to have a very high staff turnover rate. Page 6 The Westminster Station is about two-thirds of the way to the corner of Portcullis House here, if you know London you know Cadence still has a way to travel before she can get to the entrance of the building and be safe. In the last panel I had Hawkwood take off his hat for a few reasons. He’s a trained military man so he’d be thinking about each confrontation as a series of chess moves. Removing the hat serves as a distraction to his opponent as well getting his left hand in the right place for the action he’s going to take next. The jab in the throat. Page 7 I love choreographing functional fight scenes in comic books and Warren is fantastic at writing them. Every move he’s written has a single purpose, Hawkwood getting around the obstacle in his path. By panel 4 Hawkwood no longer has a hurdle to overcome and he could leave his victim there and run after Cadence. He chooses to kill him and leave no loose ends. I can’t help but assume that when Warren is at a social gathering he’s probably thought of a few ways to dispatch of those around him. As a sort of mental exercise. Pages 8 and 9 By now Cadence must be sick of people trying to kill her, and I love the fact that she saves herself. I like to imagine that while she was running down the road, she went through a mental checklist of assets on her person that could be used as weapons and came up with a plan. Hawkwood’s shock at getting stabbed, for me, adds to the feeling that he underestimated her. She’s wonderfully resourceful. Pages 10, 11 and 12 Superglue is an acrylic resin or Cyanoacrylate, and has, in the past, been used very successfully during field surgery in more remote wars. I wouldn’t, however, recommend it for general use because of some toxicity issues. I fudged these parts of London a bit. There thankfully weren’t any real landmarks so I could get away with making up some of these buildings, but in general the quiet parts of central London have a similar look to what I drew here. By now you’d think Hawkwood would be tired of killing but I guess if your hired help isn’t going to cooperate it’s probably best that you replace them. Another benefit to working with Warren is the learning that comes with it. I’d never heard of a thermobaric bomb before this. In the back of that truck is a weapon with a blast capability close to that of a nuclear explosion but without all that pesky radiation. Aren’t humans wonderful? Page 13 I constantly had to remind myself what side to put the steering wheel on in the cars I drew in Eidolon and Vargr. Seems like a dumb thing but I like to think it’d take the reader out of the story if I got that wrong. Especially if you lived or worked in the city you were reading about. Page 14 I sprinkled a few former Bond cars in the next few pages, they’re relatively obvious, and hopefully not too distracting. I figured if I’m going to draw cars I might as well make it fun for myself. By now I should have memorized how to draw the SIS building (panel 3), as beautiful as it is, it is a bit of an undertaking to draw. Page 15 Ah, the death of yet another Bentley. This is a lovely example of Bond using his environment to his advantage. Bond driving the truck off the road here and then blocking off escape with his own car is very calculated. He knows this road is a dead end and is intent on ending this here whatever happens. Incidentally, this is an actual blind street just before Vauxhall Bridge, and hey, look, two more Bond cars make an appearance. Page 16 This was one of my favorite fight scenes to draw. 007 isn’t going to win this on his own physicality but damn if he isn’t going to try. It’s not as evident in this fight as some of the previous ones but as much as possible I tried to have Bond use boxing and judo as his go-to fighting style. Ian Fleming mentioned both of those in the books and it made it more fun for me to limit the palette of his violence. Page 17 Maybe there’s a sadistic side to me but there is something terribly enjoyable about drawing the hero of your book getting beaten up. Ruthlessness without consequence loses its impact. Characters should wear the scars of their encounters. It helps tell the story. Pages 18 and 19 Hawkwood is so focused on removing the thorn that is Bond from his side he hasn’t realized he has nowhere to go here. I love how Warren set it up to be this wonderful almost old school western standoff. James takes a second to dust himself off and try again. For me it’s also very satisfying that this fight is just happening in a regular London side street. It’s down and dirty and real. Page 20 Some readers might recognize this knife from Vargr. It’s the same one Moneypenny gave him when he had his Walther P99 taken away. Drawing different facial expressions on Hawkwood was relatively challenging as I essentially only had half his face to work with. Half his mouth was always in semi grimace thanks to his scarring but it was a great artistic exercise. Page 21 Beat up Bond is my favorite Bond to draw. He probably has a broken orbital socket here, but even that’s not going to distract him from the job at hand. Gun didn’t work, fists didn’t work and then a knife didn’t work. Time to be awful. Page 22 This is the only page I’ve every drawn 007 with his shirt untucked. When he’s in his suit I tried to keep the top button of his jacket done and his shirt tucked in. I figured that considering the seriousness of this fight I could let him get away with looking a bit sloppy. I mean he had to resort to psychological warfare to win this. Even a knife wasn’t going to cut it. Marvel Won’t Put Trump On The Cover Of A Comic. So The Mighty Trümph Will. A Few Ch-Ch-Changes For Tomorrow’s Comics… Comments Exclusive First Look At Dynamite’s TV & Rock Icon Titles Shipping In April 2017 The Bleeding Cool Dad & Kid Reviews: LadyCastle #1, Bad Machinery: The Case of the Unknown Visitor Floyd Norman Recreates The First Mickey Mouse Cartoon Strip From 77 Years Ago Lying In The Gutters – 15th January 2017 – Concern About The Comic Book National Debt Putting The Green Hornet Against Another Costumed Vigilante Bleeding Cool Bestseller List – 15th January 2016 – “DC Continues To Sell Circles Around Marvel” Brigham Young University Researches The Negative Effects Of Superheroes On Pre-Schoolers Vault Comics Powerless Makes Superpowers Less Unique It’s Time To Vote! Bleeding Cool Readers’ Awards Nominees Are Here Cosplay And Show Floor Footage From The Fifth Black Comic Book Festival What If Donald Trump’s Best Quotes Were Comic Books? 93 Shots Of Cosplay, Comics And Crowds At The Fifth Black Comic Book Festival Exclusive First Look At Dynamite’s Secret Agents & Renegade Cop Titles Shipping In April 2017 After Donald Trump Attacks Congressman John Lewis, His Graphic Novel “March” Becomes The Best Selling Book On Amazon (UPDATE) Well, That Was Quick – Inhumans vs X-Men #2 Review The CW Riverdale’s Jughead NOT to be Asexual James Mangold Shares Three New Images From ‘Logan’ Yes, That Was Paul Weller In Tonight’s Series Finale Of Sherlock (No Spoilers) Game Of Thrones’ Final Season Could Have More Than Six Episodes After All Jerry “The King” Lawler Will Return To WWE TV On Smackdown Live This Week Thor: Gourd Of Thunder It’s Looking More And More Likely Fox Will Tackle Dark Phoenix Again With Rumored Next X-Men Movie Bringing The Cop To The Equation – Behind-The-Scenes Of APB See The Trailer For Before Ever After, The Prequel To The Prequel To The Sequel To Tangled Mike Judge Returning To Animation With “Tales From The Tour Bus” On Cinemax Justice, Redemption And Family – First Look At Into The Badlands Season 2 Crisis Averted Doesn’t Seem To Sit Well With Jimmy – Better Call Saul Sneak Peek LEGO Batman Drives A Chevy Justice League Could Be “Rebirth” Of Fun For The DC Cinematic Universe, Says Affleck The Lights Go Down – Ringling Bros. Circus Closing After 146 Years Terrify Yourself With The New Venom Premium Format Figure From Sideshow The Top 50 Best-Selling Comics And Graphic Novels In December 2016 The Marvel Cinematic Universe Is Afraid To Refer To Magic As Magic For Some Dumb Reason Another David Bowie Exhibition In London By Comic Artists Opens Today Hot Toys Arkham Asylum Joker Is What You All Have Been Waiting For The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild Is Coming To Wii U The Same Day As The Switch comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Technology Will this EU privacy proposal lead to a more trustworthy internet or a more annoying one? The legislation proposed by the European Commission is meant to protect web surfers' privacy, but online advertising advocates say it could lead to more pop-up ads.  Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE European Union Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova holds a news conference on the European Commission's proposal for new digital privacy legislation, at the EC headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, on Jan. 10, 2017. Yves Herman/Reuters | Caption Ben Rosen Staff | @Benji_Rosen January 10, 2017 —In an effort to enhance privacy laws, European regulators have set their sights on digital cookies.  Cookies are pint-sized pieces of code that track information such as the sites web surfers visit and where they log in. But they could spell major losses for online advertisers and companies like Google and Facebook if the European Union adopts a law that would require users to actively consent to cookies' use. The European Commission, the executive arm of the 28-nation bloc, submitted the proposed legislation on Tuesday, dubbing it the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications. The European Parliament and member states must approve it before it becomes law. They can also amend the legislation as they debate it.   As it stands now, the proposed regulation would replace the bloc’s ePrivacy Directive last revised in 2009, before the classified information Edward Snowden leaked changed the way the world views digital privacy. Since then, the European Union has made protecting the privacy of its citizens a priority: The bloc adopted sweeping reforms last spring, and ruled against Britain’s so-called “Snooper’s Charter” that requires telecommunication companies to keep records of people's web activity for one year and grants government officials access to that data. But online advertisers and advocates warn the latest legislation will send shockwaves across the World Wide Web – and perhaps lead to more distracting pop-ups for users. How secure is your data? Take our quiz and find out “This proposal risks harming the livelihood of millions of websites and apps that rely on digital advertising to fund content and tools for consumers, not just in Europe, but in the US as well,” says Dave Grimaldi, the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s executive vice president of public policy, in a statement emailed to The Christian Science Monitor. “As written, it will diminish our members’ ability to innovate by introducing prescriptive rules that cannot adapt to the rapidly evolving digital economy. Citizens in Europe and around the world are better served by laws and self-regulatory regimes that protect consumers without hindering access to their digital world,” he said. The new law would require companies to get the consent of users before accessing their digital information. In doing so, the law would require web browsers, on installation, to ask users whether they want to allow websites to place cookies on their browser. If a user rejects the request, they would still see ads online, but they wouldn’t necessarily be personalized to cater to users’ potential interests. Under the proposal, companies that don’t comply with the regulations will face fines of up to 4 percent of their global turnover. This targeted advertising, in which ads are personalized to a user based on their search history, is a major source of revenue, especially for companies like Google and Facebook that offer free web email and social media services. Last year, digital ad spending in Western Europe stood at $35 billion and is set to approach $45 billion by 2020, according to market-research firm eMarketer. In Britain alone, online advertising generates 10 billion pounds ($12.16 billion) of revenue for publishers and content creators, according to the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB).  It is unclear how much digital ad revenue comes specifically from targeted online ads. But if a significant number of users opt out of those premium, targeted ads, it could hit the bottom line for big online ad brokers like Google and Facebook, The Wall Street Journal reports. Google declined to comment. Facebook did not respond to a request for comment by press time. Digital privacy remains important to both Europeans and Americans. As the European Commission noted in a press release about the proposed legislation, 92 percent of Europeans say it is important or very important their personal information on their digital devices can only be accessed with their permission, according to its Eurobarometer survey. Ninety-two percent of the more than 25,000 respondents also said it is important or very important the confidentiality of their emails and online instant messaging be guaranteed. These responses mirror American attitudes. A 2015 survey by the Pew Research Center found 93 percent of Americans say that being in control of who can get information about them is important, while 90 percent of respondents say that controlling what information is collected about them is important. “The proposed Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications seeks to address those concerns,” according to a statement from the European Commission. “At the same time, the new rules will support innovation and increase consumer trust.” It also might annoy users, Townsend Feehan, chief executive of IAB Europe, said in a statement. If passed, the legislation might lead companies to display pop-ups asking users to switch their settings to allow cookies before they can access services. “People who thought cookie banners were annoying will be disappointed to hear that things won’t get better,” Ms. Feehan said. The proposed legislation is in line with sweeping privacy reforms the European Parliament adopted in April which are set to take effect in spring 2018. The General Data Protection Regulation provides a single set of rules on internet privacy safeguards, giving individuals vastly greater control over how their information is handled by both European and American tech companies, as Colette Davidson reported for the Monitor. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × But the proposed legislation also has parallels to a debate in the United States over the so-called do not track feature in many web browsers, which would restrict cookies, as the Monitor reported in October 2015: A universal do-not-track feature has been advocated by privacy groups after being introduced by the Federal Trade Commission in 2010. But the World-Wide Web Consortium (W3C) – composed of software companies, academics, privacy groups, and others who determine international Web-browsing standards – has long struggled to develop a unified approach for the feature. This report contains material from Reuters.  Print/Reprints Next Up Test your knowledge Passcode How secure is your data? Take our quiz and find out By Jack Detsch Passcode Germany's plan to fight fake news By Rachel Stern Canada declares internet a necessity. But can it deliver? By Ben Rosen Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Now we're talking: Google Voice to get a big upgrade Now we're talking: Google Voice to get a big upgrade By Michelle Fitzsimmons Mobile phones   The 'new Google Voice' is on the way Shares When was the last time you used Google Voice? Been a while? Or are you a rapid supporter of the calling and messaging service? No matter where you stand, you may be happy to hear Google is planning to update Voice, an event that may happen before long.  Keen observers around the web took notice of a banner declaring "The new Google Voice is here. TRY NOW" that appeared at the top of Google Voice accounts on Monday. Clicking "TRY NOW" only refreshed the page with no apparent changes, so it looked to be a premature misfire by the Google Voice team.  However, while Google later confirmed to The Verge the banner was posted in error, a spokesperson also noted the company is "working on some updates to Google Voice right now." Credit: Droid Life Of course, we don't know what the updates entail or when Google plans to release them. Our bet is a Google Voice refresh will arrive soon considering a banner announcing it is already locked and loaded. At the latest, Google could use its IO developer conference in May/June to unveil the changes. Voice has turned into a bit of a forgotten service in Google land - the Android and iOS apps were last updated in May and June 2016, respectively. The search giant also added free voice calling to the Hangouts app in 2014, sniping one of Voice's standout features for another of its offerings.  Still, Google has made a significant push into communication services in the last year, unveiling the Allo and Duo apps at Google IO 2016. Voice could be due to join the party with a revamped looked, complete with its own set of unique features that draw users in - and keeps them talking. How to fix the most common iOS 10 problems ABOUT THE AUTHOR Michelle Fitzsimmons Michelle is TechRadar's Senior News Editor and is based in the Bay Area. Covering all things tech, Michelle is obsessed with good handsets, smart machines and self-driving cars. With an eye on every corner of the industry, Michelle aims to bring you the most useful and entertaining bits about the tech you love. Got a tip? Drop her a line! Related news Apple TV just got a big boost for better gaming Doing the peace sign in pictures could put your fingerprint at risk, researchers find Tick tock: A new LG smartwatch or four may be on the way soon Microsoft just expanded Office 365 to cater for ‘deskless’ workers See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 4 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 5 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The rise and fall of Google’s modular phone dream Chris Mills BGR NewsJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Modular phones had a brief flirtation with popularity over the last few years. Between the Moto X, LG G5 and Google’s Project Ara, a couple notable companies made real stabs at modular smartphones, only to be met with a resounding meh. We can write off the Moto X and LG G5 as phone companies trying to keep up with the fads, but Google’s Project Ara always felt like something a little more ambitious. A completely modular phone would have revolutionized the industry, had it ever actually worked. Don't Miss: Julian Assange’s Reddit AMA is a classic internet trainwreck VentureBeat‘s Harrison Weber spoke to a number of the execs and designers on the inside of Google’s Project Ara to try and work out what happened to the concept. Ara was a promising lead for Google for a number of years, with a serious demo at last year’s I/O conference, and a promise in May that you’d be able to buy a modular phone in 2017. But in September, Google unceremoniously axed the project, which had already missed development and pilot project milestones. Weber’s profile paints a picture of a project lacking vision and a precise demographic. As he explains, Ara’s popularity was kickstarted by a confusing relationship with Phonebloks, a viral video for a modular smartphone made by Dutch designer Dave Hakkens. His video was released just as Google’s ATAP division was working on a prototype for a modular smartphone, and the two projects lived an uneasy relationship, with some communication between Hakkens and Google, for over a year. Initially, the idea of the ATAP project was to make a fully modular smartphone that had a very low price point for a basic phone. Google’s idea was that the $50 base phone could be cheaply configured to work in different markets, extending Android’s reach in the developing world. But as costs and time spiralled, the vision was changed until it started looking more like LG’s idea of a modular phone — a fully functioning smartphone that can have capabilities added on. In the end, a combination of senior staff leaving, Google’s austerity drive and waning public interest saw the project shelved. Weber’s article does a neat job of explaining how Google took a viral idea, built hype, and then failed to ever see it through. Trending right now: Apple’s biggest new product since the iPhone may have just been uncovered Samsung accidentally confirmed one of the Galaxy S8’s headline features Apple’s courage is driving me insane See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google App for Android updates, call extensions in mobile ads & more Amy Gesenhues on January 10, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Keep your customers from cheating on you Jan 10, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot The more you know about your customers, the less chance they’ll go to a competitor. This white paper from Vision Critical will provide the road-map. Google App for Android gets a refresh with new shortcuts to frequently used features Jan 10, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Shortcuts to widgets for Weather, Nearby Restaurants, My Events and more appear at top of Google Now home screen. Want to become a high-impact digital marketer? Jan 10, 2017 by Search Engine Land SMX West pre-conference workshops are conducted by the world’s leading subject matter experts in SEO, SEM, social and digital. All workshops will be held on Monday, March 20, and are conveniently located at the San Jose Convention Center. Why SEO & lousy content don’t mix Jan 10, 2017 by Ryan Shelley Content is an important part of search rankings, but columnist Ryan Shelley reminds us that quality trumps quantity. The flexibility requirement for SEO agencies Jan 10, 2017 by Casie Gillette SEO requires a broad skill set, but in an industry where things are constantly shifting, columnist Casie Gillette argues that perhaps the most important skill is the ability to adapt to change. Google is launching automated call extensions in mobile ads on February 6 Jan 9, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Call extensions will automatically pull phone numbers featured on landing pages. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: EU proposes privacy rules that extend to Gmail, Facebook Messenger, Skype Three well-meaning paid search optimizations that might kill performance Facebook’s retargeted ads broadened to include rivals’ sites, Page audiences Essential voice search strategies for 2017 Customer questions every CMO should be ready to answer in 2017 5 B2B marketing tips to jump-start your 2017 results Is your marketing team effective? A 5-question test The evolution of the customer journey in 2017: Optimizing moments that matter IAB Tech Lab launches new Tool Repository with a viewability SDK Report: Consumers feel positive about immersive technologies Yahoo CEO Mayer and co-founder David Filo to step down from Yahoo board The tracking trap in digital marketing Search News From Around The Web: Link Building Smart Internal Linking for SEO, Portent Link Building: 9 Do’s and 5 Don’ts We Saw in 2016, Search Engine Journal Search Marketing Clustering vs. Classification: How to Speed Up Your Keyword Research, iPullRank How to track DuckDuckGo as organic referrer in Google Analytics, Branded3 Searching Google still deindexing some material found by courts to be defamatory — but it’s being more skeptical, Washington Post SEM / Paid Search 4 B2B Marketing Tips for Running Successful PPC Campaigns, Marketo Announcing The Art and Science of Quality Score Webcast, Bing Ads How Google Grants Can Help Your Nonprofit Succeed in AdWords, Vertical Measures PPC Best Practices That We Ignore, Clix Marketing Using Google Sheets for PPC, PPC Hero SEO A Quick Guide to Building an Effective In-House SEO Team, SEMRush Google’s Mobile Interstitial & Popup Change Now Live: What to Know, The SEM Post How to Find and Fix 14 Technical SEO Problems That Can Be Damaging Your Site Now, Moz Smart Internal Linking for SEO, Portent There is No Google Panda Penalty. Get it?, Portent About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google App for Android gets a refresh with new shortcuts to frequently used features Shortcuts to widgets for Weather, Nearby Restaurants, My Events and more appear at top of Google Now home screen. Amy Gesenhues on January 10, 2017 at 3:10 pm More Google has updated its beta app for Android, adding shortcuts for frequently used features to the Google Now home screen. According to a report from Venture Beat, widgets for the weather, nearby restaurants and more appear when a user taps inside the Google Search box. From Venture Beat: If you’re on version 6.10.35 of the Google app beta, you’ll see a weather shortcut, which shows the location and temperature, alongside an icon representing the weather. It also shows widgets for nearby restaurants, Solitaire, “I’m feeling curious” (which shows a random question and answer), a calculator, nearby ATMs, Tic Tac Toe, a coin flip, My Events (which displays upcoming events listed in your Google Calendar), and nearby coffee shops. The Venture Beat report says anyone with Google’s new Pixel or Pixel XL phone can swipe right on the home screen to display the shortcuts, which are updated based on frequency of use. Venture Beat notes the app updates are not available on iOS or for Android users who do not have the beta version of the Google app. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt 1:17 P.M. ET Updated The No. 1 job in America is ... Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Audible Magic Pursues Trademark Case Against Google By Published: Jan 10, 2017 5:00 p.m. ET Share Company Asserts Its Ownership of “Content ID” Trademark LOS GATOS, Calif., Jan 10, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Audible Magic Corporation, the leader in digital fingerprinting and automated content recognition (ACR) solutions, has initiated legal action against Google Inc. for the company’s fraudulent trademark registration of Audible Magic’s Content ID trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). Audible Magic is recognized for its pioneering work in digital fingerprinting, the foundation behind its Content ID services, and is a trusted 3 [rd] party provider among both service operators and rights owners. YouTube was under contract with Audible Magic initially in 2006, then subsequently after its acquisition by Google and through to the end of 2009. During that time, Audible Magic provided its trademarked and patented Content ID services to YouTube/Google prior to Google launching its own version for content recognition. “Content ID is fundamentally about protecting against unauthorized use of copyrighted works and to have a company usurp our trademark for its own use and registration undermines their ability to be trusted to have the proper motivations in protecting third-party intellectual property rights,” said Vance Ikezoye, Co-founder and CEO of Audible Magic. “Even more egregious is that Google has reportedly generated billions of dollars in revenues under a trademark that we rightfully own.” A copy of Audible Magic’s petition submitted to the USPTO can be found at: http://www.audiblemagic.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Audible_Magic_Petition_with_USPTO_Content_ID.pdf About Audible Magic Audible Magic provides technologies that make media devices, apps and networks content aware. The company is the trusted leader in digital fingerprinting techniques that recognize audio and video content in all forms across radio and television broadcasts, Internet streams, cable and satellite transmissions, stored digital files, and on consumer devices such as smart TVs, set-top boxes, smart phones, tablets, and other appliances. Since its founding in 1999, the company has been awarded more than 33 patents in the U.S. and in Europe. Currently Audible Magic works with more than 200 customers and partners in technology, entertainment and media. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170110006413/en/ SOURCE: Audible Magic Corporation"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@audiblemagic Jay Friedman, 408-402-6538 j_friedman@audiblemagic.com www.audiblemagic.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Follow us: facebook twitter rss Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries Tech/Biz Life Video Google DayDream VR Review - Which SmartPhone Is The Best Choice, Second Headset by Huawei Revealed Jan 10, 2017 11:23 AM EST | Ileen Jasmine Tags Google DayDream VR, Google DayDream VR review, Google DayDream VR price, Google DayDream VR huawei, Google DayDream VR update, Google DayDream VR news Top 10 Best Android Google Daydream VR Games 2017 (Photo : XPERT GAMING!) On November last year, Google's Daydream View Virtual Reality headset came out in the United States. It gave fans the chance to experience a whole new world within their smartphone screens. Indeed, Virtual Reality changed the way users watch movies and play games entirely. Two months after its release, Google announced another VR headset. This time, the headset will be developed by Huawei. The Chinese mobile giant is taking steps towards helping Google expand the Daydream family. This means that the latest Google Daydream VR will not only work on Google's Pixel phones, it will also work with third party smartphones. On their blog, Google announced the development of the said Daydream headset. According to the Vice President of Business Operations for AR and VR, Amit Singh, there will be a broad range of mobile phones ready for the Daydream headset. On their blog, Singh wrote, "Huawei has been working on a Daydream-ready headset for launch at a later date. The Huawei VR headset is built to be easy to use. It has an adjustable focus so it can be utilized without eyeglasses, and provides a 95° field of view. By bringing new headsets onto the Daydream platform, we hope to give consumers even more choice in how they enjoy VR." As of the moments, there are very few details regarding the VR. According to reports, Google's motion controller will be compatible with the new headset. Huawei is scheduled to release more details regarding the headset later this year. The announcement will also cover the latest Google DayDream VR's release date, software, and price. According to CNET, Moto Z, Huawei Mate 9 Pro, ZTE Axon 7 and Asus ZenFone AR are amongst the listed phones compatible with the Daydream VR. Each phone brings a different experience to users. Google's Pixel phones, naturally, will automatically get the latest Android updates as soon as they are made available. Moto Z, on the other hand, will have the option to attach Moto Mod accessories. ZenFone AR will be compatible with Tango AR. CNET also came with a chart to help buyers choose the perfect phone which can be found here. © 2017 Auto World News, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Nintendo Classic Mini NES Stock Update, Price Drop, Upgrade, 30 More Games Added ... Spy Photos Hint on What The 2018 Jeep Wrangler Will Look Like - Production Video 2017 Detroit Auto Show Dates, Reveals, Surprises & Debuts - Watch Here Euro MP's Warned To Install Kill Switch To All Robots, As It Could Take On Human ... NES Classic Stock Update: More Mini NES To Be Available Says Nintendo COO Get the Most Popular Autoworld Stories in a Weekly Newsletter TRENDING ON THE WEB Euro MP's Warned To Install Kill Switch To All Robots, As It Could Take On Humans One Day NES Classic Stock Update: More Mini NES To Be Available Says Nintendo COO Nintendo Switch Preorder Update: Two Million Units To Be Shipped This March Nintendo Switch Dropped Miiverse And StreetPass - Reason Behind? ` Join the Conversation Editor's Pick 2017 Subaru Impreza 5-Door Review: A Bigger, Better, Smoother Compact 2018 Honda Odyssey Specs Revealed At NAIAS; Model Pegged As Family Vehicle Donald Trump's Limo "Cadillac One" Will Be Equipped With Tear Gas, Shotgun, And Other Security Features Toyota's 210HP Yaris Comes With New Technical Modifications, Will Be Ford Fiesta ST's Worst Nightmare New Honda Mobilio Facelift Unveiled 2017 Mercedes-Benz GLA Pricing And Specs Revealed Auto News Porsche Mission E: Porsche's Stunning Tesla Rival Ford Expands Driver's Air Bag Recall Nationwide A Mustang On Steroids, Rocket V8 Super Mustang Added To VLF Lineup Bentley Confirms That Bentayga And Continental GT Models Will Be Equipped With The Plug-In Hybrid Option Soon The 2018 Jaguar F-Type Runs On hugh Performance V6 With Powerful Torque Vectoring Auto Reviews Ford Focus Electric Review: Elusive and Entertaining A Look at the 2001 Lamborghini Diablo NAIAS: VLF Automotive X-Series Named As The Unattractive Car Honda Civic Bags 2017 "Best Auto Tech: Value Award Winner" At Kelley Blue Book Porsche Cayenne 2017 Review: Sporty and Indulgent Auto Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries About Us Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 AUTO WORLD NEWS All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 8722 49 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Is Marissa Mayer a failure? Questions loom over whether Google veteran was handed an impossible challenge or was just a bad chief executive. Post to Facebook Is Marissa Mayer a failure? Questions loom over whether Google veteran was handed an impossible challenge or was just a bad chief executive.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jrZCIA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 72 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Is Marissa Mayer a failure? Marco della Cava and Elizabeth Weise , USA TODAY Published 5:17 p.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 | Updated 6:22 p.m. ET Jan. 11, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Half of Yahoo's board of directors will step down. The other half will move on to run Altaba for Verizon. Video provided by Newsy Newslook Marissa Mayer was a top ranked Google executive when she took on the challenge of running Yahoo in 2012. (Photo: Mario Tama, Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO — Is Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer a failure? Or was she just handed a Sisyphean task? "Both," says Aswath Damodaran, professor at New York University's Stern School of Business. "She was given the impossible job (of turning around the troubled Internet pioneer). But at the same time, she took it on, said she would change things, and failed." As Yahoo's dismantling proceeds — Verizon is still on track to buy its digital assets for $4.8 billion while the remaining Alibaba-invested company gets renamed Altaba — questions arise about both the tenure and future of the Google-trained white knight that had promised to ride to the rescue. On the one hand, under Mayer, 41, Yahoo stock soared 180% since she was named CEO in 2012, from $15 to $42. "If my broker could do that for me every time, I'd call him a genius," says Michael McDermott, professor of business management at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business. "Given a very difficult if not impossible situation, I'd say she did OK." USA TODAY Not so fast, Yahoo is still alive and kicking Mayer was in many ways brought in to right a sinking ship. She was Yahoo's seventh CEO, a list that included former Warner Bros. executive Terry Semel "who couldn't even be bothered to move to Silicon Valley from Los Angeles for the job," says Paul Saffo, longtime tech-world observer and forecaster. "The company was in such chaotic shape (when Mayer joined) that you would have needed someone with the temperament and intuition of Steve Jobs to even have a chance at a turnaround," Saffo says. "Her biggest mistake might have been taking the job. It was a suicide mission." But on the other hand, everything from repeated hacking scandals, ill-advised acquisitions such as the $1.1-billion purchase of social media site Tumblr and high-salary but underutilized hires such as Katie Couric and former New York Times tech columnist David Pogue all point to a spotty chief executive tenure that could stain Mayer's resume. Terry Semel, a longtime Hollywood studio veteran, was hired to run Yahoo in 2001, but didn't move to the company's Silicon Valley headquarters preferring instead to live in Los Angeles.  (Photo: Paul Sakuma, AP) "Her flaw was that she should have recognized a few years ago that she was throwing good money after bad, and if she'd done so she would have likely got twice what she's getting now for Yahoo assets," Damodaran says. In fact, Yahoo's stock topped out at nearly $52 in the fall of 2014. "But, ultimately, people are human," he says. "You offer someone millions to take a job, and of course they're going to say yes." Tech world watchers echo a few similar refrains when asked about Mayer and her Yahoo tenure, namely that she was noticeably lacking in the kind of experience required to take on the challenge and that, in the end, the job required a borderline genius. While Mayer had been an early employee and fast-rising star at Google, "she had no experience as a CEO, and being a tech company CEO requires deep intuition about where things are going. Like when Jobs said everyone has a phone with a stylus, but we're not going to do that," Saffo says. Yahoo was founded by Jerry Yang and David Filo in 1994 as a curated guide to the burgeoning World Wide Web. Yahoo's homepage was among the first true online sources for news. But Google's arrival signaled a sea change for search companies, one that placed a priority on the power of algorithms over curation. USA TODAY Marissa Mayer's diminishing legacy at Yahoo USA TODAY Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer reveals what she'll do next "Marissa was sticking with Yahoo's DNA and hiring big names, but that was never going to help in the battle with Google," says Saffo. Making matters worse was an internal culture that seemed to create tension and the wrong kind of competition between layers of vice presidents. In the past few years, Yahoo was hit by a number of lawsuits from male employees who claimed they not only were discriminated against, but that all managers were forced to stack-rank their employees for the purpose of incessant firings. Mayer and her team "were just not very good at listening, and in any turnaround you have to do an awful lot of listening," says Rita Gunther McGrath, a professor at Columbia Business School. "That wasn't her strong suit." Andrew Schulte, Mayer's chief of staff at Yahoo, disagreed. “We’ve made open communication and transparency core to the culture at Yahoo — whether gathering product feedback, engaging with employees at our weekly all-teams, or simply answering questions in the cafeteria," he said. Jerry Yang, left, founded Yahoo with David Filo in 1994. He's shown here in a 2014 photo talking with Stan Druckenmiller, founder of Duquesne Family Office LLC, at the Allen & Company conference in Sun Valley, Idaho.  (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images) While Yahoo was a "basket case" upon Mayer's arrival, McGrath notes that among the CEO's poor decisions was one "to go around her own cyber security team," a move that ultimately led to more than a billion users having their information hacked. On Monday, a Securities and Exchange Commission filing revealed that Mayer, who will have earned more than $300 million as Yahoo CEO and should receive $55 million if terminated, will be stepping down from Yahoo's board of directors along with five others when the Verizon sale goes through. Mayer will not be on the new Altaba company's board, and there is only speculation as to what the executive could do next. Just how much her Yahoo misadventure will taint her career is also a subject of debate. "Was there a lot of hubris in her time at Yahoo, of course, but sometimes hubris can pay off," Damodaran says. "I could imagine some small tech company snapping her up as CEO. She's had experience in that position now, and in many ways tech companies like hiring big names." USA TODAY Ellen Pao joins forces with Kapors to bring diversity to technology USA TODAY Women in computing to decline to 22% by 2025, study warns Saffo says he believes that things might not be so simple. Despite some efforts, Silicon Valley suffers from a reputation as being a predominantly white and male enclave, with few minorities and women in executive positions and in crucial investor roles. "Marissa took on an impossible mission, and you can't criticize someone for being a risk-taker," he says. "But Silicon Valley has a bit of a double standard when it comes to women. So, will she be judged as a risk-taker who failed, or as a woman who failed?" Marissa Mayer poses on the red carpet at the Glamour Women of the Year event last fall.  (Photo: Emma McIntyre, Getty Images) Mayer also could be about to head off the "Glass Cliff," a phenomenon first identified by two British professors who found that companies are more likely to appoint women and minorities in leadership roles when the firms are not doing well. “When things are dire, boards somehow think that bringing in a woman will be better for team building, because they’ll listen better and have better social intelligence," McDermott says. "Then they get fired because of performance or because the business model can’t be turned around. And then the company brings in a tough guy." “The notion that things haven’t changed at Yahoo is wrong, you just have to look beneath the surface. The entire makeup of our revenue is entirely different today than it was 4 or 5 years ago,” said Schulte. Follow USA TODAY tech reporters Marco della Cava and Elizabeth Weise on Twitter.  8722 CONNECTTWEET 49 LINKEDIN 72 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jrZCIA NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS Guest How AI took center stage at CES 2017 Sami Viitamaki. Havas January 10, 2017 2:10 PM Tags: ai, BotBeat Weekly, bots, CES 2017, chatbots, Marketing Weekly, products Above: Gary Shapiro of CTA said nearly 4,000 companies were showing products at CES 2017. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi CES 2017 was set to be the biggest so far, with more exhibitors, products, and visitors than ever before in its 50 year history. But one signal sparked my interest above everything else: increasing focus on how technology brings value over technology per se. It was hard to find anything not labeled “smart” or “intelligent” this year. While just a year ago AI seemed futuristic, people now expect it … and expect it to work straight out of the box. This is because we’ve reached sufficient maturity in what I call the 4Cs of useful AI: computing, connectivity, cognition, and convergence. The 4 Cs On the computing front Nvidia showed off ways to bank on its core competencies. Nvidia Shield and Spot were aimed to out-Google Google in the smart home, while GeForce Now brings gaming oomph to players with less potent machines. A partnership with Audi solidified Nvidia’s bet on AI-powered cars. Connectivity is all-important, since data needs to flow for intelligence to rise. Qualcomm’s 5G networks promise to deliver a 4K movie in 18 seconds and connect the world — from smart cars to smart beds — lightning fast. Qualcomm’s chief Steve Mollenkopf also projected 5G networks to be a $3.5 trillion opportunity for businesses, offering 22 million new jobs. The leading cognitive platforms, such as IBM Watson, Apple Siri, Google Assistant, Samsung Viv, and Amazon Alexa, all want to be the platform for the smart world. Thousands of companies have already implemented Alexa and made 7,000 skills, which was powering everything from fridges to lights to cars. Samsung wasn’t yet showing off anything built on its recent acquisition Viv, but expect this to change very soon. Convergence and integration via platforms like Apple’s Homekit or Samsung’s ARTIK IoT, helped by players such as Stringify and Eliot, are still probably the heaviest undertaking of the four C’s, thanks to the many players and standards involved. With more touchscreens, mics, and cloud services, expect navigating the world to become more flexible, but at the same time also more user friendly. The benefits Being a business and service designer at heart, I’m always more interested in the human value delivered than the technological underpinnings. Here’s a look at some of the intelligent products and devices on display at CES through a few key value lenses. 1. Ease and automation Lots of solutions at CES aim at making things accessible, smoother, and faster. Heasy, a “robot as a service,” helps people find things and get around malls, resorts, and transportation hubs. Beijing Eywaybot’s MoRo will run your errands with a sensitive grip that doesn’t break or drop stuff. On the less humanoid end of robots, Genican scans things you throw in the trash to build you a shopping list, while RnD64’s AI-powered Hello Egg and a complementing app help millennials eat healthier, aiding meal planning and food purchase as well as cooking and serving. 2. Conservation and protection Better intelligence can mean less wasted resources and more security. Starck-designed Netatmo thermostats promise to reduce your energy use, taking commands via knobs, speech, or a mobile app. The Zeeq pillow, Sleep Number 360 bed, and Dozer the Sleep Sheep are focused on personal conservation; they not only track your sleeping, but also help you spend your precious night hours better. On the cybersecurity front, Comcast’s Gateway is a smart hub for your home that also acts as a first line of cyber defense. 3. Empathy and personalization Cute and relatable were keywords at CES. Kuri elicited great reactions from the crowd, and many who used to laugh at robots said they were now ready for one. Even further from human form, but on the path to human acceptance, were Emotech’s Olly and Panasonic’s Egg. Mattel relates to a highly demanding audience with Aristotle, a smart night lamp optimized to take commands from inarticulate toddlers. On the higher end, Carnival builds its cruises around you with Ocean Medallion, which anticipates your moves and prepares things for you, from drinks at the bar to the AC in the room. 4. Connection and expression For taking your selfies to new heights, the Hover Camera Passport drone follows you around and takes commands. D-Vine aspires to higher levels of self-actualization as an intelligent “Keurig for Wines”: It learns your preferences, recommends new wines, and makes ordering easy. Toyota’s Concept-i car, another expression device, comes with Yui AI and expresses your personality inside and outside the car. In the workplace, Klaxoon Loupe gets everyone involved in creativity and decision making. 5. Education and empowerment Kids, people with disabilities, and people who want to learn are now in focus for AI companies. Lego Boost enables learning programming and robotics with a lower barrier than its Mindstorms products. The Octopus smartwatch promises to become the “training wheels for good habits,” teaching kids the value of time and how to use it wisely. iPal and Yumii Cutii focus on empowering the elderly to stay in their home instead of having to move to care facilities. To lend some less fortunate senior people a hand, the Neofects Rapael smart glove provides stroke patients challenges and feedback for motor re-learning. 6. Challenge and entertainment Smart systems will enable completely new forms of competition and leisure. Intel’s and Oakley’s Radar Pace glasses coach people in real time, tailoring programs and answering their questions. Halo Sport’s “neuropriming” methods and devices are showing results in personalized training among athletes and military personnel. In the gaming world, monster rigs, such as Razer’s Project Valerie, were the media’s and gamers’ favorites. But there were also smart new systems such as the 3D Rudder, which respond to the player’s gaze, movements, or gestures to leave their hands free while navigating virtual worlds. All in all, I felt there was an increased focus on user value compared to previous years. And who knows, maybe even the seemingly ridiculous things, such as smart brushes, connected vinyls, and gaming candles, will be all the rage come next Christmas. But until then, I’ll keep talking to Alexa everywhere. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 16:56, 5 January 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google) ← Older edit Revision as of 14:05, 10 January 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Upcoming Speakers) Newer edit → Line 79: Line 79:   * Questions:     * Questions:     ** In advance submit questions [https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdECql46iPaqIqUVjtDqtS-EpK8WirOM6YfGu97yDlaeMirIw/viewform here]   ** In advance submit questions [https://docs.google.com/a/mozilla.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdECql46iPaqIqUVjtDqtS-EpK8WirOM6YfGu97yDlaeMirIw/viewform here]   + ** During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane   + * Hashtag: #mozSS   +   + ===Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion)===   + * Location: Mozilla San Francisco + [https://air.mozilla.org/ Air Mozilla]   + * Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, February 22 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC   + * Topic: '''Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion)'''   + <BLOCKQUOTE><p>''The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto<''/p>   + <p>Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a [https://blog.mozilla.org/blog/2016/02/08/the-internet-is-a-global-public-resource/ healthy] one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users.</p>   + <p>But the Internet isn’t always like this.</p>   + <p>Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded.  When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make [http://www.cbsnews.com/news/nextdoor-social-network-neighborhoods-racial-profiling-decline-after-changes/ destructive assumptions] based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into [http://mashable.com/2016/10/26/twitter-trolling-figures/#JbgvA2UAaOqP trolling], the web is no longer a place of constructive participation.</p>   + <p>These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include http://fusion.net/story/364420/twitter-abuse-filter/ hashtag] viewing controls on Twitter & [http://www.theverge.com/2016/9/12/12887514/instagram-comments-abusive-words-filter-section filters for abusive comments] on Instagram; Airbnb’s [http://www.latimes.com/business/technology/la-fi-tn-airbnb-discrimination-20160908-snap-story.html Instant Book] that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s [http://www.cbsnews.com/news/nextdoor-social-network-neighborhoods-racial-profiling-decline-after-changes/ reporting system] designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations.</p>   + <p>Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to [http://www.tristanharris.com/the-need-for-a-new-design-ethics/ support positive experiences] for users, communities and publishers?</p>   + <p>At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>   + </p>   +   + * Panelists:   + * Moderator & Host: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrewlosowsky Andrew Losowsky]   + * Questions:   ** During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane   ** During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane   * Hashtag: #mozSS   * Hashtag: #mozSS Revision as of 14:05, 10 January 2017 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 3.2 Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.2 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.3 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.4 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.5 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.6 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.7 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.8 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.9 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.10 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.11 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.12 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.13 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.14 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.15 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll seek topics supporting our 2017 Strategy, working with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Grow Firefox & From Firefox e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics & data; teamwork & collaboration; communication Grow New Arease.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Grow Mozilla e.g. our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from purely inspirational “TED”-like talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to new ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: From 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, February 22 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto</p> <p>Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a healthy one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users. But the Internet isn’t always like this. Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded. When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make destructive assumptions based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into trolling, the web is no longer a place of constructive participation. These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include http://fusion.net/story/364420/twitter-abuse-filter/ hashtag] viewing controls on Twitter & filters for abusive comments on Instagram; Airbnb’s Instant Book that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s reporting system designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations. Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to support positive experiences for users, communities and publishers? At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area. </p> Panelists: Moderator & Host: Andrew Losowsky Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Previous Speakers November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here or even better, just send Diane a note. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1159206" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryReport: LG G6 Set for MWC Reveal, Launch as Early as March 10 Next StoryDEAL: Samsung and Jabra’s Wireless Earbuds are $50 Off Right Now by Tim-o-tato on Jan 10, 2017 @timotato News Home Share this Story What I’d Like to See From HTC in 2017 In just a couple of days, we will be introduced to HTC’s latest smartphone, or even smartphones (note the plural), but before that takes place, I’d like to share a few ideas I have with regard to what I would like to see from the company in the new year.  You can probably ask most people in the Android community and they’d say HTC has their work cut out for them in 2017. The last major US launch from the company was for the HTC 10, announced in April of last year then released in May. And no, the Bolt for Sprint doesn’t count as a major launch. Needless to say, it’s been a while since we saw a real phone launch from HTC, while other major Android OEMs tend to have two big launches – one for the first half of a year and another for the second half. It wasn’t exactly a bad 2016 for HTC, though. To go along with the solid HTC 10, even though it didn’t exactly offer anything too tantalizing, the company partnered with Google to manufacturer the Pixel and Pixel XL, two phones that Google has been marketing nonstop since their unveiling. While that’s probably brought in a nice chunk of change for HTC’s books, it’d be nice to see HTC’s name front and center on a device that can get everyone in the Android ecosystem excited. Don’t be courageous Just because Apple does something, doesn’t mean we all have to follow suit. The people have spoken, and for the time being, they want a headphone jack. The latest leaked pictures we’ve seen of the Ocean Note detail a phone that lacks a headphone jack, and if there’s one way to piss off a large group of potential Android customers, it’s by providing a new set of problems without having a real solution. Until all headphones are shipped as USB Type-C or are completely Bluetooth, just keep the headphone jack. Not only is the Ocean Note apparently not going to ship without a headphone jack, but Sprint’s exclusive HTC Bolt also didn’t have one, and I’m quite curious to see sale numbers for that device. It’s not like you can’t ship a slim phone without one, and we know damn well that slim phones can also have large capacity batteries. Also, for a company that championed its love of music and desire to please music lovers, the idea of removing a headphone jack seems odd. The HTC 10 shipped with a stand-alone DAC, plus a headphone amplifier, leaving many audiophiles pleased with what they heard. To not include a headphone jack or to make people use an adapter just seems rude. HTC, come back to making mobile music-bumping machines and champion the hell out of it. Maybe try actual water resistance? I’m sure the work that goes into water-proofing a smartphone is exhausting and costly, but you know, that’s a feature people seem to want these days. Now that I had to give up my Galaxy Note 7, I find myself being more cautious with my phone around liquids, as one should be when their phone doesn’t have real water resistance. While the Pixel, Pixel XL, and HTC 10 all feature IP53, that’s what I’d label as a half measure. If you’ve ever watched Breaking Bad, you’ll know that half measures are unacceptable, and the only real minimum we should be discussing in 2017 is IP67 or IP68. You will hear some people claim water resistance isn’t necessary and that it’s a waste of resources, but you know what, they don’t know what they’re talking about. They obviously don’t live in the PNW where it’s raining or at least damp in some sort of way 80% of the calendar year. Water resistance is king, and if you want my business in 2017, I gotta have it. Use the Pixel’s camera Let’s just forget the word “UltraPixel.” To the average consumer, it’s completely meaningless. In the end, we (consumers) want results, and as HTC should know, the Pixel delivers results without the need/use of gimmickry or marketing buzzwords. Taking a look back, the One M8 was a gimmick machine, sporting its dual rear cameras for 3D effects, the M9 delivered lackluster photos, and the HTC 10 was actually pretty good. That leads me to believe that HTC has the best intentions on delivering a stellar camera experience, but I want it without the jargon. On the bright side, the HTC 10 camera software is also quite good, so really, HTC is already lined up to delivery what should be a great photo-taking experience. Back to my point, though, Google’s Pixel phones deliver one of the best smartphone photography experiences available. If HTC can utilize anything they learned in working with Google in the manufacturing of that phone, they should go for it. Continue slaying the update game We have seen HTC hand out promises and guarantees before concerning Android updates, and instead of words, I would like to see continued and undeniable action. Should HTC launch its new phones with Nougat and then consistently deliver updates shortly after Google releases the code, as they seem to have been doing for the past year or so, they could garner even more positive attention from the public and blogs. Unlike Samsung, HTC is in an advantageous position that they don’t have a countless amount of devices to focus on, meaning they should be able to pump out updates like no other. While carrier models will likely always be a bit behind schedule, there’s no reason an unlocked model, the type of phone we recommend to everyone, can’t be updated quickly. That goes hand-in-hand with my other hope to see HTC’s 3rd-party software stay minimal and lightweight. After looking over our posts regarding Nougat updates, I’d say HTC is doing a great job so far, so the continuation would be a bonus. The point is, if HTC keeps coming straight out of the gate with updates left and right shortly after Google releases it, people will take notice and there’d be no denying that HTC cares about customers running the latest and greatest OS available. What would you like to see from HTC in 2017? Post navigation Previous StoryReport: LG G6 Set for MWC Reveal, Launch as Early as March 10 Next StoryDEAL: Samsung and Jabra’s Wireless Earbuds are $50 Off Right Now Chippah Built in VIVE with TELEDILDONICS support. Rick In Sense/BlinkFeed – the ability to select and deselect specific media sources, not just topic categories. Also let us know whether media sources are paying to show up on the feed. If so, let us turn that off. Jeff “BIG RED” Super impressed with the pixel xl. Never thought I’d use a HTC phone as a daily driver. 6″ screen, 64gb internal with expandable memory option, 4gb of RAM, water proof the damn phone, OLED display (lg’s terminology), better camera then the pixel. Hell why not a dual camera that’s not fugly. Headphone jack is a must. Hell a removable battery would be sick!!! Miss front facing speakers!!! Ismail Akram I want AMOLED display HTC 10 sound Stereo speakers Pixel camera Water resistant Courtney King I guess you can somewhat say I already have an HTC phone since I have the Pixel and even though Google told them what to make you can clearly see the HTC design language in the phone. But here would be my perfect smartphone: 5″-5.5″ screen AMOLED display with adjustable color management 4 or 6GB of RAM Snapdragon 835 128 GB internal storage Dual front facing speakers Fast and reliable upgrades to newer versions of Android Pixel’s camera High quality DAC Fast charging I think that’s it’s for me. I don’t really care about waterproofing and wireless charging. I’m actually satisfied with a 1080p screen even. catfanatic1979 Go back to dual front facing speakers. SVTCobra AMOLED DanG “Don’t be Courageous”… HTC already courageously put their label on a P6 in their design concept video. LOL Boomdizzle I loved my Incredible, H7 and H8, and my PXL is so far the best phone I have owned. They are going to have to really wow me get back to a regular HTC device. Ever since my N6 it’s hard to not to the Google route, esp when HTC made the Pixel, and I love me some HTC hardware. trevorsalienarms Pixel is the best phone you’ve ever owned? Seriously? Boomdizzle Yep, Incredible-Droid X-Gnex-GS3-M7-G2-M8-Nexus 6-PXL. What phone would be better? I’ve always liked Notes but I never liked TouchWiz until recently. I was very likely to get a Note 7 until the whole debacle made them unavailable. I’ll never own another LG phone after the G2, I couldn’t stand the UI on that thing. I don’t like trying to hold and use my wife’s S7E. The only downside to my PXL is the speaker IMO, I miss the speakers of my HTC and N6 phones, but I honestly just use earbuds more now to solve that issue. I’m also on VZW bc TMO doesn’t get 4G on half of my sales route or in 2/3 of the stores I’m in so that limits it a bit. Yat Man – Waterproofing ala Galaxy S7/Edge – Better camera ala Pixel/Galaxy S7 – SD Slot – Wireless charging with fast charge support (If a Lumia icon with a metal back can do it so can they) – Continued refinement and simplification of Sense – Stereo speakers – Latest Gorilla Glass – 5.5″ phone size that fits nicely in a pair of jeans holdthiscat Lumia Icon didn’t have a metal back. It was polycarbonate. The frame was metal, though. Yat Man Just goes to show how well designed it was then I guess. it so seamless you can’t really tell. DanG That’s 90% S7 edge. Yat Man – The S7 Edges speakers leave a lot to be desired (It’s my current daily driver since my One M8 died) – Sense is a LOT better than TouchWiz – The form factor of the Edge is nice but not great and those rounded edges, while a nice visual feature, doesn’t really do much for me. – It doesn’t have the latest Gorilla glass and is still prone to scratches (fortunately I don’t have any yet) – Not a big fan of the whole glass back thing. trevorsalienarms Just get an S7/Edge and be done with it. illregal ew.. mcdonsco As much as I understand “premium materials” I’m hoping the glass and/or metal casings trend stops soon. They look cool, feel nice in hand etc, but they are SUPER SLIPPERY AND FRAGILE (yes, even metal, scratches easily). What’s the point of these materials if you need to cover them up with a case to solve the slippery problem and protect their fragile finishes? trevorsalienarms 2 plus years with glass/metal phones. Not *that* delicate nor slippery even, but anyone who is worried about it always says that. 10000000x better than cheap feeling plastic. paul_cus My Sony X Compact is plastic. I’ve never dropped a phone more. Me Sony > HTC when it comes to updates illregal LOL! M3D1T8R HTC: Famous for great front facing stereo speakers. What do they do? Ditch FF speakers entirely. Okay, that sucks, but at least now they have a quality built in amp for great headphone sound quality, “Boomsound” lives on!…somewhat. What do they do? Ditch the headphone jack entirely. I’ve been somewhat of an HTC apologist for years, always had a soft spot since the Incredible was my first smartphone, and it was pretty great, and was impressed with the DNA I later owned as well. The M8 and 10 were both great phones, with just a couple small flaws (camera, losing ff speakers, respectively) that in the end prevented me from buying, and that they could easily fix if they set themselves to it. If they don’t get some clear design leadership and stop making bad decision after bad decision year after year – this year – after so many opportunities, I’m done. And they will be too, as a company. trevorsalienarms I’m still surprised anyone cares about dual facing speakers. What is the scenario in which that’s a must have? Laying in bed watching netflix on your tiny screen? M3D1T8R Yeah. Or any situation where I want to listen to anything on my phone. YouTube, Netflix, sports or any type of video, speakerphone calls, podcasts, everything. Sure you can get by without, but it’s all way better with the sound coming out the front rather than the bottom. Jeff “BIG RED” If you’ve ever owned a phone with front facing speakers? You notice how stupid it is to cup your hands while watching a 2 minute YouTube video. Being on speaker phone or how much better the speakers sound when pointing towards your actual ears… trevorsalienarms I guess I just don’t have that issue, even with the not very loud single bottom speaker on my S7E. I can hear it just fine. Jeff “BIG RED” I’ve had the gs7e which is a great device! I’d prefer the front facing speakers that I had with my Nexus 6 and 6p. Would take the gs7e over both those phones. If the phone doesn’t have front facing speakers it’s not a deal breaker. Once you use a device with front facing speakers you wonder why not everyone uses them…. If the note 7 had front facing speakers and didn’t have the fire issue. It would’ve been my perfect Android phone. Spider210 Very simple requests Easy to grip design for 1 handed use! Pixel Quality Camera Water Proof IP68 3200+mAh Battery Quick Charge 3.0 128GB Future Proof Storage trevorsalienarms S7, close enough. Or did you leave out “not samsung” M3D1T8R Yeah, unfortunately until Samsung fixes their three big problems: Buttons Speakers Software Hoping they finally get wise and take care of at least the first two of those this year. Eric I’d like to see a proper unlocked US model. I know there was a workaround to get the unlocked HTC 10 working on VZW, but I’d rather have it come standard. HTC seems to be the only ones who treated their unlocked model properly. Both Samsung and LG have left their unlocked US models lagging behind the carrier models. Dave Stines After the nexus 9 I’ll never buy another HTC product ever. That’s the only reason I passed on the Pixel. Trevor I wonder how much money HTC gets/got from manufacturing the Pixel phones. If making their own phones doesn’t work out for them, maybe they should just stick to hardware. They tend to do a great job with that. Justin Faluotico Why the emphasis on the camera? I thought the HTC 10’s camera was rated highly on photography websites ? atc-tech -6 to 6.8″ screen (1080p is fine with me, I don’t care about Daydream or VR at all) -6 GB RAM -5000 mAh battery -Qi wireless charging -IP68 -3.5mm Headphone jack -at least 64GB Storage with SD Card slot -latest processor (Snapdragon 835?) -USB-C w/ quick charge 3.0 -Decent camera (doesn’t even have to be as good as the pixel, as long as the shutter and focus are fast) -doing Sense UI is fine, but don’t screw with notifications or settings. Basically mimic the Nexus/Pixel like Moto was doing, while adding your little cool stuff like themes and Blink Feed or whatever. M3D1T8R I’d love a small tablet with basically these specs. I’m excited about the Zenfone 3 Zoom for the battery. But at 5.5″ it’s a bit small for my Nexus 6 replacement small tablet. atc-tech lol. You said small tablet a lot. I get it, my N6 is basically a small tablet. I’m cool with that. I want a newer better small tablet then…. I don’t really care what we call it, I’m tired of tiny 5 to 5.5″ screens when we’ve seen the gloriousness of the 6″ Nexus 6. Neel I wouldn’t touch that phone with a 20′ stick. That’s humongous imo, but if they have a 5″ variant it’d be nice atc-tech I wouldn’t touch a 5″ phone with a 20′ stick. That’s tiny IMO. Call it a small tablet, or whale or whatever; I have no use for a screen smaller than 6″. I will settle for a 5.7″ if it meets all the other requirements and has razor thin bezels. What I forgot was: -dual front facing speakers -SMALL bezels all the way around. michael arazan That’s swinging for the fences, but yes to all that atc-tech Definitely. That’s what they need to do too, swing for the fences. But they didn’t! This U-Ultra thing is shaping up to be just absolutley HORRIBLE. MicroNix Why do people keep wanting fast updates just behind Google releasing them? So we all can have battery, Bluetooth and other problems like Nexus users are used to whenever Google releases a major update? ChrisI https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d8aec79c739f1729908ef0fb03c48030d402897e54afbf5393f3f2b1327078c8.gif BobButtons You can sit on an old version if you want. It just gives another choice so still an improvement. MicroNix My main point is that it’s better to get the update a few months after Google releases it rather than right away. There’s just too many bugs when they first drop. That might be OK for Nexus users but not OK for the rest of the world. Heck they couldnt even get it out the door at the same time of release for one of their very own devices (N6)! It baffles me when people have to start taking anxiety pills if they don’t get the update the day Google drops it. Tyler A company that doesn’t care about updates is not one i want. Think about it this way what if they finally update to some new version 6 months late and there is a bug in it and it takes them a few months to update it. Would you want to live with a bug like that? What if they never update it to fix the bug? I can understand not wanting them day 1 but fast updates are definitely a good thing. Josh Oberg HTC 10 I wanted to like but it was over priced, and big for a 5 ” phone. If the make a 6″ phone and remove things like headphone jack, or dont Include front facing stereo speakers, then they weren’t even trying. Orion If those leaks prove true, it doesn’t matter what we want. HTC has shown they just don’t give a damn anymore. seattle tech Just make a damn variant of the pixel and charge less. So simple.. These companies. Pedro You realize that just because they have the Pixel schematics doesn’t mean that they use them for themselves. And, since they have the schematics, it makes patent/copyright lawsuits harder to defend against. seattle tech You realize the pixel is basically the htc 10 and A9 with different bezels and stock pixel software and that htc makes it. Google basically took the existing htc parts and slapped their version os on it. trevorsalienarms just lol @ “schematics” LionStone There is the 10 which is basically that, a full metal variant. I like it better than the XL, saw no reason to get the XL. jrbmed08 I basically want a smaller HTC 10 with AMOLED and an always-on OK Google/voice control feature. Waterproofing is a bonus but not a necessity for me, and the camera is more than good enough. Headphone jack is an absolute necessity too. Shadowstare What I want is really simple: Front Facing speakers Sense Pixel’s Camera SD Card Slot Headphone Jack plastikman What I want is really simple: Front Facing speakers Stock Android OIS Camera SD Card Slot Headphone Jack USB-C Fixed it for you. 😀 jimt USB-C is not a necessity. The rest yeah, also a 6 and 5 inch version with all the same specs. Shadowstare Thanks but no thanks. I like Sense and don’t care one bit about USB-C. Soniacmazzone Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj42d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj42d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash42TopMobileGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj42d:….,….. Dick Bailey Amen. The reason I am writing this from my ZTE Axon 7 is HTC elected to have the fingerprint scanner on the front at the expense of the second front facing speaker. catfanatic1979 I’m an Axon 7 fan too. Adrián Iriarte Thats it. And a price point of 550 would be awsome. There is no people willing to pay 750 for an HTC. Only the geeks know the brand… If they spend that money, they prefer to have a Samsung or an iPhone, despite they work worse… The HTC Ocean of tomorrow is going to be a disaster… I hope i am wrong. I hope gboybama Wireless charging as well. gboybama Oh and epic SOT. T4rd I’d like to add the IR blaster back too. But doubt they’ll do it. I miss it so much from my M8. Anoneyemou5e Bring back the dual speakers, BUT figure out how to get rid of that chin Jérôme Besnard keep skinning Sense (become the new moto) and reintroduce front stereo speakers (and get rid of home button “a la” Samsung) About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
OnePlus Rolls Out OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update For OnePlus 3 And OnePlus 3T Share Tweet Email 0 NEXT Say Goodbye To Wrinkles! Studies Found Proteins In Hair Follicles Could Keep Skin Youthful-Looking Latinpost Facebook Latinpost Twitter Latinpost Google+ Latinpost instagram Latinpost RSS Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Updated at 8:12 PM ET Latin Issues & ImmigrationLatin Issues & Immigration Latin EntrepreneursLatin Entrepreneurs Latin EntertainmentLatin Entertainment Latin Life & CultureLatin Life & Culture Latin StatisticsLatin Statistics Home US&World Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break Sections X Home US&WORLD Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Real Estate Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break LATEST NEWS Amazon Officially Announces its Best-Selling Product in 2016January 15 07:56 PM EST The Next Penelope Nintendo Switch Version Available Soon?January 15 07:54 PM EST 'Parenting Is Tough' - Kate Middleton Opens Up About Motherhood Challenges Despite Live In Nanny, Family SupportJanuary 13 11:56 AM EST Think Twice Before Ordering Sushi! US Salmon Now Infested With Japanese TapewormJanuary 13 02:00 AM EST NBA: LeBron James Is In The New Role For The CavaliersJanuary 12 06:01 PM EST 772,000 More Honda and Acura Vehicles Will Be Recalled Due To Faulty Airbag Product Of Takata [VIDEO]January 12 12:22 PM EST Yahoo Is Now "Altaba", CEO Marissa Mayer Is Stepping DownJanuary 12 11:57 AM EST Advertisement OnePlus Rolls Out OxygenOS 4.0.1 Update For OnePlus 3 And OnePlus 3T First Posted: Jan 10, 2017 10:15 AM EST Share This Tweet This OnePlus(Photo : Twitter) Share This Tweet This OnePlus has started rolling out a new update for its previous flagship, the OnePlus 3 as well as the latest OnePlus 3T. The update is known as OxygenOS 4.0.1 and is based on Android 7.0 Nougat which has already been released for these smartphones.  The update not only comes with a bunch of improvements and fixes such as updated APN settings for select carriers and increased system stability but also some workarounds for other problems the users have been facing lately reports, GSMArena. According to the company, the issues of WiFi connectivity might still not work without faults and has advised its users to provide feedback if such connection fluctuations occur. Advertisement The workarounds have also been released by OnePlus regarding an issue with some apps that might not download from the Google Play store. First of all, OnePlus claims that if you're trying to download apps via Data Roaming, it should not work since this is a known Google issue. The company has asked to follow Google's troubleshooting step to solving the issue reports, PhoneArena.  If that's not the case, then you should try turning Battery Saving Mode and reset Google Play store app preferences. If you still face problem downloading some apps, then you should check if you have the following apps installed on your OnePlus 3: Truecaller, AVG Antivirus, and PayTm. If any of these apps are installed on your device, then you should try to force stop or uninstall them before trying to download an app from Google Play store. Users have also been experiencing mobile data issues caused by APN for which OnePlus has recommended going to APN settings page and manually reset all the options. If you are still facing issues, then you are supposed to provide your feedback to the developers. Seems like a lot of issues needs to be weeded out by the company and OnePlus is on its toes to provide as much help as it can.   SEE ALSO CES 2017: Sony Adds Four New Extra Bass Headphones HTC’s speculates X10 leaked; here is everything you need to know Wii U Releases Pokémon Snap Virtual Console Headline: Mc Gregor’s Next Rival :a twister for UFC TagsOnePlus Update, OnePlus 3 oxygen OS 4.0.1, OnePlus WiFi issues, OnePlus workarounds, OnePlus Nougat update Advertisement Advertisement © 2015 Latin Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Politics & Immigration nielson survey nielson Deported Military Veterans Could Be Reunited with Families in US Thanks to Veteran Lawmakers A group of congressional lawmakers introduced legislation that would allow deported veterans to reunite with families in the United States. Tennesse May Have Unknowingly Dodged Bullet By Not Passing Anti-LGBT Legislation In Response to Puerto Rico Health Crisis, US Health Department to Fund Up to $50 Million in Medicare Support DAPA, DACA+ Executive Action SCOTUS Hearing Unites Latino, Immigrant Rights Leaders in D.C. New York Primary Results 2016 Shows Hillary Clinton Dominating NYC But Upstate Feels the Bern GOP Senators File Supreme Court Brief Challenging Obama's Immigration Executive Actions SPORTS legends of tomorrow preview legends of tomorrow plot synopsis Ronda Rousey Looks Tired And Beaten In New Photos – Failed UFC 207 Comeback Led To Low Profile Life Ronda Rousey looked tired and beaten in recent photographs taken from her home in Venice Beach. She lost to Amanda Nunes in UFC 207 in just 48-seconds inside the octagon. WWE News and Update: Baron Corbin, A New Wrestler To Beat NBA Legend Allen Iverson To Join Ice Cube's Basketball League BIG3 for Retired NBA Players Ex-NBA Player Orien Greene Arrested After Breaking Into House And Molesting Woman NBA News: LeBron James Becoming More And More Of A Playmaker NBA: LeBron James Is In The New Role For The Cavaliers Terrible Team From The West Has A Playoff Shot From our partner How Much is Pitbull Really Worth? Cierra Ramirez, Christina Milian and More Best Dressed Celebrities of the Week EXCLUSIVE: Zoe Saldana on Playing a Cubana in 'Live by Night' & Reveals Why She's a Gangsta 6 Ways We Can #RaisetheBeautyBar in 2017 Subscribe to LatinPost! Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for the latest in-depth coverage! Close Advertisement 1 Mexico-based Startup Platzi is Teaching Professional Skills to Latin America One Subscriber at a Time - How This Can Increase Employment Opportunities for Latinos 2 Latinos Helping Latinos: Camino Financial Helps Business Owners Get Loans Up to $500K 3 John Leguizamo's Media Marketing Startup is Expanding with New Full-Scale Production Studios 4 $350,000 Raised for Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, After His Photo and Story Go Viral 5 Run a Startup Accelerator? Here's How to Compete for $50,000 in Gov. Funding from the Small Business Administration 6 Here's What Makes a Good Location for Latino Entrepreneurs to Start a Successful Business Advertisement Our Picks 'Fullmetal Alchemist' Movie Latest News & Updates: Warner Bros. Japan Releases First Look at Edward, Alphonse Elric [TRAILER] Latest PS4 Trailer Revealed Console Exclusives To Be Launched in 2017 [VIDEO] 'Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius' News & Update: Ariana Grande's 'Dangerous Woman' Costume to be Featured in Mobile Game [DETAILS] 'The Expendables 4' soon to start filming, movie will have something different 'Devil May Cry 5' Latest News & Update: Hideaki Itsuno May Unveil New Game in 2017 [RUMORS] Samsung to reveal the cause behind the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, suggests report What to Expect in 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 9; Bonnie Might Become A Vampire The truth of real parentage for Michael Jackson's children PlayStation Plus Owners to Get Day of the Tentacle Remastered and More in January 2017 Fadi Fawaz woke up and finds shocking twitter messages on his account claiming that boyfriend George Michael tried to kill himself many times before finally dying on Christmas Day. Apple has not recovered from it’s slower than expected iPhone sales last year and will slash production during the next months according to reports. ‘The Big Bang Theory’ wraps up the holiday season with an episode that will feature the whole gang including Mary Cooper, Bernadette and Howard’s new baby Hallie and pirate Sheldon. FCC Filing Hints That the Nintendo Switch Won't Support 3G or LTE 'Justice League' main villain Steppenwolf explored in details Top 10 most anticipated movies of 2017: 'Star Wars: Episode VIII', 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2', Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' and many more NASA has huge plans for 2017: Missions to Mars, Saturn and Jupiter; monitoring total Eclipse and more Apple's upcoming iPhone to display Samsung's AMOLED panel, says report Don’t miss it! Politics TURNOUT: Latina Congressional Candidate Dolly Elizondo Hopes to Break Glass Ceiling in Lone Star State Politics TURNOUT: Mexican-American Ruben Kihuen Hopes to Bring Progressive Work Ethic to Congress Politics TURNOUT: Lucy Flores Fights to Solve Issues Affecting Hard-Working Families LATIN POST TV more video  Rogue One New Trailer Suspenses Viewers Iowa Flooding Map and Rainfall Pattern (Satellite Video) Quejas Contra Trump en el Sur de California - Costa Mesa, Santa Ana Punto de Quiebra, el Trailer en EspaÃ±ol: Aguante las Olas REEL SALAZARS - Movie Reviews Entertainment "It" Updates: A new Pennywise the Clown teaser photo released Entertainment Ryan Gosling to play the role of astronaut Neil A. Armstrong in biopic movie Entertainment The Flash: Villains That Scarlet Speedster Should Fight In The Movie Latin Post Tweets by @https://twitter.com/Latin_Post Categories US&Politics Laws&Immigration Biz&Economy Life&Culture Tech Entertainment YouTube News Sports Categories About us Privacy Policy Contact us Topics Jobs Latin Post Style Guide Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google + RSS FacebookTwitter
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 Matt Weinberger Business InsiderJanuary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share goldy the gopher minnesota goldy gophersMore (Google Go's mascot is a gopher, much like the Minnesota Golden Gophers.Hannah Foslien/Getty Images) Google's Go was 2016's programming language of the year, says the TIOBE Index, a highly-regarded resource for ranking the popularity of programming languages. While the TIOBE Index only catalogues the relative popularity of programming languages via search engines, not how often they're actually used in real life, it's a handy tool for figuring out what skills to learn if you're chasing a career in technology. Every year, this award goes to "the programming language that has gained the most popularity in a year." And "without hardly any competition Go has won the award for 2016," TIOBE writes. Plus, TIOBE says that among its paying customers, it's seeing more interest in Go in industrial settings. Since 2009, Google has been overseeing the community-led development of Go — a programming language aimed at helping web developers build apps at Google's scale and Google's speed, with a focus on rock-solid performance and ease of use, rather than chasing after the latest fads in programming.  Go has won its fair share of fans in programmer-land, not least because it provides a viable alternative to Oracle's Java, which has ruled the world of computer programming for the last two decades. Google's been using Go internally to power things like its download servers, where you grab stuff like the Chrome install files.  Languages to watch in 2017 The runner-ups for programming language of the year, per TIOBE, were Dart (another Google-led programming language, incidentally) and Perl, a NASA-created language renowned for its reliability, if not its elegance.  Other movers and shakers on the list include Facebook's Hack, which shot up to 51st place on the list from 67 in 2015, and Julia, a language that shot up from 73rd to 52nd place. The TIOBE Index expects that in 2017, the favored candidates for programming language of the year will include Apple's Swift, Julia, the Microsoft'created TypeScript, and the ever-popular C++. Incidentally, back in August 2016, the C programming language —the legendary programming language invented in 1972 and still widely used  — recorded its lowest-ever score on the TIOBE Index since its creation in 2001. It looks like C finished 2016 with a lower score still, showing signs of fading even as its offshoot C++ gains on it quickly. NOW WATCH: 5 things Google's Pixel phone can do that the iPhone can't More From Business Insider The guy who created one of Apple's most beloved technologies is leaving Apple I've written about a bunch of great watches, but this is the one I wear to work every day — here's why One of the most brilliant China minds in the world has a warning for the 2nd half of 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Follow NFL divisional-round playoff action 184 messages6%80%14% 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Home Invasion Caught on Camera From Nearly Half a World Away Seldom-called penalty is very costly for Cowboys in first-quarter drive 152 messages5%74%21% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 861 messages5%56%39% Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored 70-Year-Old Patient Dies From Rare Bacterial Infection Atlanta hits back after Trump’s attack on Lewis 7052 messages5%61%34% Obama on Trump: ‘Don’t underestimate the guy, because he’s going to be 45th president of the United States’ 329 messages7%69%24% Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored ‘Hidden Figures’ Prevails as ‘Monster Trucks,’ Ben Affleck’s ‘Live by Night’ Bomb at Box Office 1445 messages6%68%26% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 884 messages9%12%79% The voices of Trump's America 59 messages6%61%33% Victoria Olsteen Hit With A New Lawsuit Classyhour.comSponsored Woman Abducted as a Baby Tearfully Pleads for Jailed Woman Who Raised Her 1500 messages5%57%38% Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 653 messages7%63%30% Amid Controversy Caitlyn Jenner Gets a 24-Karat-Gold Facial Ahead of Inauguration Eddy: Catlin strongly resembles that Olympian Bruce Jenner! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.7k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Kushner will sell assets, but ethics lawyers worry Business Standard Google, Facebook face tighter EU grip with new privacy law Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple was ordered to pay $14.6 bn Stephanie Bodoni  January 11, 2017 Last Updated at 01:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USc3Kk ALSO READ Apple appeal against EU tax demand would break new ground Microsoft, Google sign up for EU-US Privacy Shield Google rejects EU anti-trust charges EU probes French gas giant Engie's Luxembourg tax deals Juncker touts free telecom benefits, upsets web firms with EU plan Google, Facebook and other Internet companies will be covered by strict new European Union privacy rules that seek to limit access to consumers’ data.   The EU unveiled draft rules in Brussels Tuesday that would give online users more control of their settings and limit the “overload of consent requests” for cookies people encounter when browsing the web. The rules would extend the EU’s ePrivacy law beyond telecommunications operators to include “new providers of electronic communications services, such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Gmail, iMessage, or Viber,” the regulator said. “I want to ensure confidentiality of electronic communications and privacy,” Andrus Ansip, EU vice president for the digital single market, said in an e-mailed statement. “Our draft ePrivacy Regulation strikes the right balance: it provides a high level of protection for consumers, while allowing businesses to innovate.”   The latest proposal is among a series of regulatory fences companies have seen pop up as watchdogs seek to curb unwarranted processing of people’s personal data by online companies. The Brussels-based commission hasn’t shied away from going after US tech giants on other fronts. Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple in August was ordered to pay as much as ^13 billion ($14.6 billion) in unpaid taxes, plus interest, to Ireland.   Industry groups said the EU may be imposing stricter limits on communications companies than on other providers who process similar data.   “Unless we overcome the current inconsistencies and restrictions, telecom operators in Europe will be prevented from expanding consumer choice and offering new competitive services to citizens,” ETNO, a group of European phone operators, and GSMA, the body representing mobile operators, said in a joint statement. Others complained that the EU was on the verge of a regulation overload with the second group of proposals on top of the year-old data-protection rules.   “This proposal risks incoherence and confusion with the General Data Protection Regulation requiring one approach to safeguarding privacy and ePrivacy another,” said James Waterworth, Europe vice-president of the Computer & Communications Industry Association, which represents technology companies, including Google.   The proposal for a new ePrivacy law comes just months after the EU adopted a complete overhaul of the bloc’s data protection rules. They will take effect in May 2018 and for the first time give national privacy regulators the power to fine companies as much as 4 per cent of their global annual sales for violations.   The same fining powers would also apply in case of breaches of the latest EU draft rules, which still need the backing of the European Parliament and EU ministers. Read More On Facebook | European Union | Apple | Eu Grip | Privacy Law | Google PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Google, Facebook face tighter EU grip with new privacy law Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple was ordered to pay $14.6 bn Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple was ordered to pay $14.6 bn Google, Facebook and other Internet companies will be covered by strict new European Union privacy rules that seek to limit access to consumers’ data.   The EU unveiled draft rules in Brussels Tuesday that would give online users more control of their settings and limit the “overload of consent requests” for cookies people encounter when browsing the web. The rules would extend the EU’s ePrivacy law beyond telecommunications operators to include “new providers of electronic communications services, such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Gmail, iMessage, or Viber,” the regulator said. “I want to ensure confidentiality of electronic communications and privacy,” Andrus Ansip, EU vice president for the digital single market, said in an e-mailed statement. “Our draft ePrivacy Regulation strikes the right balance: it provides a high level of protection for consumers, while allowing businesses to innovate.”   The latest proposal is among a series of regulatory fences companies have seen pop up as watchdogs seek to curb unwarranted processing of people’s personal data by online companies. The Brussels-based commission hasn’t shied away from going after US tech giants on other fronts. Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple in August was ordered to pay as much as ^13 billion ($14.6 billion) in unpaid taxes, plus interest, to Ireland.   Industry groups said the EU may be imposing stricter limits on communications companies than on other providers who process similar data.   “Unless we overcome the current inconsistencies and restrictions, telecom operators in Europe will be prevented from expanding consumer choice and offering new competitive services to citizens,” ETNO, a group of European phone operators, and GSMA, the body representing mobile operators, said in a joint statement. Others complained that the EU was on the verge of a regulation overload with the second group of proposals on top of the year-old data-protection rules.   “This proposal risks incoherence and confusion with the General Data Protection Regulation requiring one approach to safeguarding privacy and ePrivacy another,” said James Waterworth, Europe vice-president of the Computer & Communications Industry Association, which represents technology companies, including Google.   The proposal for a new ePrivacy law comes just months after the EU adopted a complete overhaul of the bloc’s data protection rules. They will take effect in May 2018 and for the first time give national privacy regulators the power to fine companies as much as 4 per cent of their global annual sales for violations.   The same fining powers would also apply in case of breaches of the latest EU draft rules, which still need the backing of the European Parliament and EU ministers. Stephanie Bodoni Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google, Facebook face tighter EU grip with new privacy law Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple was ordered to pay $14.6 bn Google, Facebook and other Internet companies will be covered by strict new European Union privacy rules that seek to limit access to consumers’ data.   The EU unveiled draft rules in Brussels Tuesday that would give online users more control of their settings and limit the “overload of consent requests” for cookies people encounter when browsing the web. The rules would extend the EU’s ePrivacy law beyond telecommunications operators to include “new providers of electronic communications services, such as WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, Gmail, iMessage, or Viber,” the regulator said. “I want to ensure confidentiality of electronic communications and privacy,” Andrus Ansip, EU vice president for the digital single market, said in an e-mailed statement. “Our draft ePrivacy Regulation strikes the right balance: it provides a high level of protection for consumers, while allowing businesses to innovate.”   The latest proposal is among a series of regulatory fences companies have seen pop up as watchdogs seek to curb unwarranted processing of people’s personal data by online companies. The Brussels-based commission hasn’t shied away from going after US tech giants on other fronts. Google has been fighting EU antitrust probes for years, while Apple in August was ordered to pay as much as ^13 billion ($14.6 billion) in unpaid taxes, plus interest, to Ireland.   Industry groups said the EU may be imposing stricter limits on communications companies than on other providers who process similar data.   “Unless we overcome the current inconsistencies and restrictions, telecom operators in Europe will be prevented from expanding consumer choice and offering new competitive services to citizens,” ETNO, a group of European phone operators, and GSMA, the body representing mobile operators, said in a joint statement. Others complained that the EU was on the verge of a regulation overload with the second group of proposals on top of the year-old data-protection rules.   “This proposal risks incoherence and confusion with the General Data Protection Regulation requiring one approach to safeguarding privacy and ePrivacy another,” said James Waterworth, Europe vice-president of the Computer & Communications Industry Association, which represents technology companies, including Google.   The proposal for a new ePrivacy law comes just months after the EU adopted a complete overhaul of the bloc’s data protection rules. They will take effect in May 2018 and for the first time give national privacy regulators the power to fine companies as much as 4 per cent of their global annual sales for violations.   The same fining powers would also apply in case of breaches of the latest EU draft rules, which still need the backing of the European Parliament and EU ministers. Stephanie Bodoni Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español How to customize the appearance of Google Home If you think the Google Home looks a bit drab, spice things up with these two customizations. Taylor Martin/CNET Smart Home by Taylor Martin January 10, 2017 12:02 PM PST @caspertek Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home How to customize the appearance of Google Home How to customize the appearance of Google Home dek: If you don't like the stock appearance of Google Home, here are two quick and easy ways to make it truly yours. by Taylor Martin 2:24 Close Drag Out of the box, the Google Home comes in one configuration, a chalky white top with a gray fabric base. Like the Amazon Echo, it might not fit in with your decor. If white and gray aren't your choice in colors, there are two things you can do to customize the appearance of your Google Home speaker. Buy a new base While you can't configure the colors of the Google Home at the time of purchase, Google did make the fabric base of the speaker removable. Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET Official aftermarket bases, which come in six colors and two different materials, are available for purchase in the Google Store. The fabric options come in mango, marine and violet, while metal bases are available in carbon (black), copper and snow (white). The fabric bases start at $20 with free shipping. Metal configurations will set you back $40 each. To install an aftermarket base, first unplug the power adapter from the speaker. Grab the base and pull downward. Giving it a gentle twist will help the magnets release easier. Install the aftermarket base by lining up the hole for the power adapter with the back of the speaker. The magnets should pull it into position. Install a skin Photo by Taylor Martin/CNET If changing the color of the base isn't quite enough, there is another option. You can purchase a third-party skin to give the white top of the speaker a little more pizzazz. In addition to basic colors, popular smartphone skin producer Slickwraps offers vinyl skins for Google Home in various color selections with carbon, metal, wood, leather, glitz, stone and hemp patterns. If none of these suits your style, there are plenty of other options online, which will run you anywhere from $10 to $30. Some even come with skins for the power adapter, which is a nice touch if it can't be hidden behind furniture. Instructions for applying skins on the Google Home will vary, but take your time and make sure to properly align the wrap before pressing it firmly into place. A skin will give you the opportunity to truly make your Google Home speaker yours, and match it to your style. Although, some white from the original color will ultimately show. The bigger problem is that the light ring on the top of the speaker will be completely covered. You can barely see it in a very dimly-lit room. To sidestep this, you can enable sound queues in the Google Home app under Devices > Settings > Accessibility and toggling on Start of request and End of request. To take it one step further, try mixing a skin and different color base. The walnut skin and the Carbon metal base look really great together. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Smart Home Google CNET Review Google Home Google Home is taking on Amazon's Alexa in the battle to control your whole home. Welcome to the future. $129.00 See it Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: How to customize the appearance of Google... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player View Navigation NPR NPR NPR Music NPR Books NPR About NPRPodcast Directory Search Toggle search NPR Home News Arts & Life Music Topics Programs & Podcasts NPR Music Genres New Music Concerts & Videos Articles & Lists Tiny Desk NPR Books Author Interviews Find Books Reviews About NPR Overview Connect Support Press Careers Podcast Directory Categories Shop Back News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos More Our Blogs Corrections All About NPR Back News & Conversations Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here & Now 1A Code Switch Embedded Latino USA NPR Politics Podcast On Point Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Youth Radio Storytelling & Humor Ask Me Another The Best Of Car Talk The Big Listen Bullseye Hidden Brain How I Built This Invisibilia Only A Game Planet Money Pop Culture Happy Hour Radio Ambulante StoryCorps TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Music First Listen All Songs Considered Songs We Love Tiny Desk Alt.Latino From The Top Jazz Night In America Metropolis Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle & Shamrock World Cafe More All Programs Podcast Directory NPR Podcasts Back Rock Pop Jazz Classical Hip-Hop R&B/Soul Folk Latin World Electronic/Dance Back First Listen Songs We Love All Songs Considered Reviews Music Videos Back Tiny Desk Live Concerts Field Recordings Studio Sessions Music Documentaries Music Videos Festival Recordings Back Articles Interviews Quizzes Music Lists Best Music of the Year Back Art & Design Arts & Entertainment Biography & Memoir Business & Economy Children's Books Comedy Comics & Graphic Novels Digital Culture Faith & Spirituality Food & Wine History & Society Historical Fiction Horror & Supernatural Literary Fiction Mystery & Thrillers Parenting & Families Poetry Politics & Public Affairs Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy Science & Health Sports Travel Young Adult Nonfiction Fiction Back Book Reviews This Week's Must Read My Guilty Pleasure Three Books... PG-13: Risky Reads You Must Read This Summer Books Best Books of the Year Back Overview Overview and History Mission and Vision Stations and Public Media NPR Finances People Ethics Awards Back Visit NPR NPR Presents Studio 1 Events Generation Listen Book a Speaker Request Permissions Ways to Listen NPR Extra Blog Email Newsletters Shop NPR Get Help Contact Us Back Support Public Radio Corporate Sponsorship Volunteer Back Releases and Statements Photos and Logos Fact Sheet (PDF) Media Relations Contacts Back Careers at NPR Search Jobs Culture Applying Interns Fellows Digital Back Arts Business Comedy Education Games & Hobbies Government & Organizations Health Kids & Family Music News & Politics Religion & Spirituality Science & Medicine Society & Culture Sports & Recreation Technology TV & Film Dylann Roof FBI Interview Excerpt Listen · 0:30 0:30 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508363607/509164070" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> What Happened When Dylann Roof Asked Google For Information About Race? 0:30 The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR America International Economy Must Reads Contact Us Follow Facebook America What Happened When Dylann Roof Asked Google For Information About Race? Facebook Twitter Google+ Email January 10, 20172:23 PM ET Rebecca Hersher Enlarge this image This undated photo appeared on a website investigated by the FBI in connection with Dylann Roof, who killed nine people in a Charleston, S.C., church in June 2015. AP hide caption toggle caption AP This undated photo appeared on a website investigated by the FBI in connection with Dylann Roof, who killed nine people in a Charleston, S.C., church in June 2015. AP Dylann Roof murdered nine people in a church basement in Charleston in 2015. He confessed to the massacre shortly after he was arrested. He didn't testify at trial and no witnesses were called on his behalf before he was convicted of federal hate crimes. The most emphatic statements on Roof's behalf came from defense attorney David Bruck. For weeks, the prosecution had presented evidence that Roof is a white supremacist whose violent racism drove him to kill black people. Bruck asked the jury to consider how the 22-year-old came to believe the things he did. As NPR reported: " 'There is hatred all right, and certainly racism, but it goes a lot further than that,' [Bruck] said. " 'Every bit of motivation came from things he saw on the internet. That's it. ... 'He is simply regurgitating, in whole paragraphs, slogans and facts — bits and pieces of facts that he downloaded from the internet directly into his brain.' " Bruck was referring to Roof's assertion in his confession and in a manifesto that a Google search shaped his beliefs. Article continues after sponsorship So when Roof asked Google for information about race, what did the search engine show him? The Internet and Trayvon Martin "The event that truly awakened me was the Trayvon Martin case," Roof wrote in the racist manifesto he published online, a cached version of which was saved to Internet archive sites. The Two-Way Photos Of Dylann Roof, Racist Manifesto Surface On Website Roof was 17 years old at the time, the same age Trayvon Martin was when neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman shot and killed the unarmed black teenager in 2012. "I kept hearing and seeing [Martin's] name," Roof wrote, "and eventually I decided to look him up." Roof wrote that he "read the Wikipedia article" about the shooting and came to the conclusion that Zimmerman was not at fault. "But," he continued, "more importantly this prompted me to type in the words 'black on White crime' into Google, and I have never been the same since that day." View note In a videotaped interview with FBI agents after he was arrested in June 2015, Roof told a similar story. He said that after hearing about Martin's death he had "decided to look his name up. Type him into Google, you know what I'm saying?" Roof told investigators he had read the Wikipedia article for Martin, and then, "for some reason after I read that, I," he paused before continuing, "I typed in — for some reason it made me type in the words black on white crime." "And that was it," Roof said. "Ever since then ..." he trailed off and didn't finish the sentence. Dylann Roof FBI Interview Excerpt Listen · 0:30 0:30 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/508363607/509164070" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> It is impossible to know what Roof saw when he typed those words into Google. The search engine does not make the details of its search algorithm public, and even if the exact date and location of Roof's initial search were known (court documents suggest only that it was around 2013), there is no public archive of past search results. "Even the Wayback Machine, which is maintained by the Internet Archive, does not preserve search rankings," explains Robert Epstein, a psychologist who studies how people interact with search engines and who has published multiple studies about Google's algorithm. "You can find old versions of Web pages," he says, but "all this past stuff — search suggestions, search results — you cannot get to." Epstein says the closest approximation of what Roof saw on Google begins with the search engine's "autocomplete" feature. Taking Roof's statements at face value, he went to Google.com and typed the letters in his search term, one at a time. But he didn't necessarily have to type all the letters in the search term, "b-l-a-c-k o-n w-h-i-t-e c-r-i-m-e." NPR googled that phrase in December 2016 and January 2017, and found the letters "b-l-a-c-k o-n" elicited this top autocompleted suggestion: "black on white crime." Screenshot by NPR Users need only press enter to complete the search. Adding one letter to make it "b-l-a-c-k o-n w," the top autocomplete suggestion remained the same, and the second was "black on white violence." The third and fourth were "black on white crime statistics" and "black on white racism." Screenshot by NPR The top autocomplete results for "w-h-i-t-e o-n w" were "white on white crime," "white on white," "white on white acid" and "white on white kitchen." A spokesperson for Google told NPR in an email that "autocomplete predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity and freshness of search terms." "We do our best to prevent offensive terms, like porn and hate speech, from appearing, but we don't always get it right," the spokesperson continued and pointed to a June 2016 blog post by the search engine's product management director, Tamar Yehoshua, saying Google had changed its algorithm to "avoid completing a search for a person's name with terms that are offensive or disparaging." Search results as "propaganda" tools When Roof hit Enter for the search term "black on white crime," the search engine returned a list of websites. "The first website I came to was the Council of Conservative Citizens," Roof wrote. The Council of Conservative Citizens is a white supremacist organization, according to the Anti-Defamation League, which tracks hate groups. In the aftermath of the Trayvon Martin shooting, the ADL reported that multiple hate groups used inaccurate Internet posts about crimes against white people as a "propaganda tool" for white supremacy. As the ADL reported: "On May 11, 2012, the white supremacist Council of Conservative Citizens (CofCC) posted an article on its Web site that claimed that a New Jersey newspaper had 'censored' the race of the alleged assailants in what it called 'savage mob attacks' on five white concertgoers in New Jersey. The CofCC dismissed both the newspaper and police accounts portraying the incident as an 'isolated event.' According to the CofCC, 'almost as alarming as the epidemic violent crime being perpetrated against white people is the blatant media censorship and black-out of the racial element of the incidents.'" It's impossible to know whether the Council of Conservative Citizens page that Roof referenced appeared at the top of the Google search results. Results for a given search term and the order in which they're presented change over time. Google searches for "black on white crime" conducted by NPR in December 2016 and January 2017 found the top results included multiple white supremacist websites, but didn't include anything from the Council of Conservative Citizens. The top five results included the website New Nation News, which the Anti-Defamation League says "promotes the belief that 'voluntary racial segregation in all prisons is a constitutional right,' " and American Renaissance, a magazine put out by what the Southern Poverty Law Center calls "a self-styled think tank that promotes pseudo-scientific studies and research that purport to show the inferiority of blacks to whites." Enlarge this image Screenshot by NPR Screenshot by NPR The first page of results also included an article published on the website The Root titled, "Open Letter to White People Who Are Obsessed With Black-on-Black Crime," and a link to a forum about "Black on White Crime" on the neo-Nazi site The Daily Stormer. "The top two positions in the search results matter the most," says Epstein, who has studied click rates for search results. "The top two draw 50 percent of clicks, and the numbers go down from there, so what's at the top is extremely, extremely powerful." In NPR's test search, New Nation News was the second option, following a post from the conservative website dailywire.com. "People equate the position of search results with how true they are," Epstein explains. "What's higher is better. What's higher is truer." Search engines, hate speech and responsibility In December, an extensive article published by The Guardian publicized another instance of potentially inflammatory rhetoric on Google's search engine. The newspaper pointed out that the search "j-e-w-s a-r-e" suggested, among others, the autocomplete phrase "are jews evil." (The same final word was suggested for the search "a-r-e w-o-m-e-n." The letters "a-r-e m-u-s-l-i-m-s" suggested the phrase "are muslims bad.") Google said it "took action within hours" and changed its autocomplete results. The search engine company "did not comment on its decision to alter some but not all those raised in the article," the Guardian reported. NPR did the same search a few weeks later and got the suggested phrases "are jews white," "are jews a race" and "are jews christians." There were no suggested phrases for "a-r-e w-o-m-e-n," and "a-r-e m-u-s-l-i-m-s" suggested only "are muslims a race." The Two-Way Jury Finds Dylann Roof Guilty In S.C. Church Shooting Some experts who study search engines and their implications for democratic society have suggested there is a disconnect between the stated mission of a free and open Internet and the reality of search algorithms, which come with all the messy biases of anything designed by humans. Internet law expert Frank Pasquale is among those who have advocated for search result algorithms in the U.S. to be regulated by the government. "Though [dominant search engines] advocate net neutrality, they have been much less quick to recognize the threat to openness and fair play their own practices may pose," Pasquale wrote in a 2008 paper. U.S. courts have repeatedly dismissed challenges to search engines' editorial control over their search results, including a case in which the court upheld Google's right to present what the plaintiff argued were "biased search results that favor its own paid advertisers and Google-owned companies." Courts have repeatedly cited the First Amendment, treating search engine companies as conduits for free speech on the Internet. Asked what, if anything, Google sees as its responsibility concerning potential hate speech in search terms and results, the spokesperson told NPR: "The views expressed by hate sites are not in any way endorsed by Google, but search is a reflection of the content and information that is available on the Internet. We do not remove content from our search results, except in very limited cases such as illegal content, malware and violations of our webmaster guidelines, including spam and deception." The company did not comment on the potential role of its Internet search in the specific case of Dylann Roof. dylann roof Charleston Shooting algorithm Google Facebook Twitter Google+ Email The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR The Two-Way Breaking News From NPR About The Two-Way is the place to come for breaking news, analysis and for stories that are just too interesting – or too entertaining – to pass up. Get in touch with your questions, comments and leads. Subscribe Follow Bill Follow Camila Follow Colin Follow Merrit Facebook RSS NPR Twitter Follow @NPR NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor Homepage News U.S. World Politics Business Technology Science Health Race & Culture Education Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Photography Music First Listen Songs We Love Music Articles Tiny Desk Videos Programs About NPR Overview NPR Finances People at NPR Support NPR Visit NPR Press Room NPR Extra Blog Careers at NPR Corrections NPR Ombudsman Permissions Help Contact Terms of Use Privacy Sponsorship Choices Text-Only
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 13 minutes ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 2 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 2 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 3 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 14 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Android usage: Just 0.2% of devices are on the latest version; Froyo now on less than 0.1% By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jan 10, 2017 with 28 comments Google today released its monthly breakdown of Android usage, and if you've been following along, there's some pretty big news. For the first time in years, 2.2 Froyo isn't listed anymore, which means that it's running on less than 0.1% of devices. In other news, Android 7.1 Nougat made its first appearance at 0.2%, so while the usage share of Nougat itself jumps from 0.4% to 0.7%, it now means that just 0.2% of users are on the latest version of Android. This is uncharted territory for Google. After Marshmallow was released, it was a full year before Nougat showed up, giving it plenty of time to gain usage share. Now that the company is doing minor updates more frequently, it seems very unlikely that we'll ever see more than 1% of users on the latest version of the OS, unless it changes how those updates are rolled out. Here's the full breakdown: Version Codename API Last month This month Change 2.2 Froyo 8 0.1% - -0.1 2.33 - 2.3.7 Gingerbread 10 1.2% 1% -0.2 4.0.3 - 4.0.4 Ice cream sandwich 15 1.2% 1.1% -0.1 4.1.x Jelly Bean 16 4.5% 4% -0.5 4.2.x 17 6.4% 5.9% -0.5 4.3 18 1.9% 1.7% -0.2 4.4 KitKat 19 24% 22.6% -1.4 5.0 Lollipop 21 10.8% 10.1% -0.7 5.1 22 23.2% 23.3% 0.1 6.0 Marshmallow 23 26.3% 29.6% 3.3 7.0 Nougat 24 0.4% 0.5% 0.1 7.1 25 - 0.2% 0.2 The big winner this month, like last month, is Marshmallow. In fact, its gain of 3.3 points shows an even faster rate of adoption than last month, which was 2.3. There are actually still devices coming out that are shipping with Marshmallow, so don't expect this to decline in the foreseeable future. Lollipop showed an overall loss, which it has been doing since May; however, version 5.1 continues to inch forward, although at a slower pace. But aside from the four most recent versions of Android - 5.1, 6.0, 7.0, and 7.1 - everything else is on a steady decline, which is no surprise, as these versions are aging. However, if Froyo's history is any indication of the future, it will be quite a while until Gingerbread disappears from that list. Tags Google Android Nougat Marshmallow Lollipop Kitkat Jelly bean Ice cream sandwich Gingerbread Froyo Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story HTC announces international launch of Desire 650, with three-year-old Snapdragon 400 chip Next Story Samsung unveils 'All-in-One' Windows 10 PC with upgradeable RAM and storage Advertisement Community Activity Refresh The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews [DKIM] Subdomain Mail Server in Internet, Network & Security StorPort.SYS GSOD Error Can't Update Windows Insider in Microsoft Insider Previews RX470 multimonitor support in Hardware Hangout Have the recent details of the Nintendo Switch increased or decreased your interest/early adopter likelihood? in Nintendo Console Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Google will finally release Android 7.1.1 Nougat for the Nexus 6 in early January Dec 27, 2016 Over three months after its release, Nougat has reached just 0.4% of Android devices Dec 6, 2016 Google Pixel XL review: A great "first" try for Google, but not the most complete handset Dec 5, 2016 · Hot! Google releases the final Developer Preview of Android 7.1.1 Nougat [Update] Nov 22, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 28 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Forget Amazon's Echo: Meet Peeqo, the robot that communicates entirely through GIFs (and you can even build your own) Peeqo is an 8 inch tall robot that communicates entirely through GIFs It was created as a thesis project by a student at New York University  Peeqo uses a camera to record its environment and plays music from Spotify  It also uses voice recognition from Google Speech API and API.ai By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 15:40 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 17:17 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 21 shares 21 View comments It's the perfect work companion for meme fans – a robot that sits on your desk and communicates entirely through GIFs. Called Peeqo, this personal robotic assistant consists of a Raspberry Pi micro, motors, numerous microphones, a USB speaker and an attached LCD screen.  The pint-sized machine uses voice recognition from Google Speech API and API.ai to listen and respond to your queries. Scroll down for videos  Peeqo is a personal robotic assistant consists of a Raspberry Pi micro, motors, microphones, a USB speaker and an attached LCD screen.This pint-sized machine uses voice recognition from Google Speech API and API.ai to listen to your queries to respond with the appropriate GIFs MEET PEEQO  Peeqo is a robot with a soft-exoskelton body,. It is programmed to respond to queries with GIFS. When users ask him a question, a light on the back of its head turns on, which signals he is thinking about the query. The robot also has a camera that lets it to record what is 'sees' and it can play music from Spotify when asked. It uses voice recognition from Google Speech API and API.ai to listen and respond to your queries.  On top of the body is a head with an LCD monitor. Peeqo is also equipped with six servo motors, four microphones, a camera, a USB speaker, two Arduino Mini micro-controllers and a Raspberry Pi micro.  Peeqo is the brain child of Abhishek Singh, a student at New York University, who refers to the robot as the 'love child of Amazon Echo and a Disney character'. 'Peeqo is a conversational UI that answers only in GIFs.  'For those who know me, it's essentially the physical version of 90% of my text messages with friends and colleagues,' Singh shared in his blog. 'I'm sure that future historians will look back on 2016 (if they dare acknowledge its presence) as the year we returned to imagery as our main form of social interaction.' Singh also shared that he designed the robot for those who spend long hours at a desk and need some help getting through the day.  Peeqo is programmed to respond to questions with the appropriate GIFS. For example, during a video showing Singh's first fully built Peeqo in action, he asks how to say 'GIF' – he asked Peeqo if it should be pronounced as 'GIF' or 'jif'. Peeqo's first response is a meme from a scene in 'Pulp Fiction' with Samuel L. Jackson threatening him that it should not be pronounced as 'jif'. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Get ready for Apple's iWear!  Firm is working with Carl... Is there an alien landing site in Antarctica? Mysterious... The mysterious star where it rains COMETS: Hubble spots... Could this be a way to reverse blindness? Revolutionary stem... Share this article Share 21 shares And the robots second response is a meme showing, 'It's pronounced 'shut up nerd'.  Signh explains that he programmed Peeqo to have a personality and can sometimes get fresh with humans. This robot was originally created as Signh's thesis for New York University.  Peeqo is the brain child of Abhishek Singh, a student at New York University, who refers to the robot as the 'love child of Amazon Echo and a Disney character'   While not in use, Peeqo lies sleeping but can be woken by someone mentioning his name. And although he communicates with GIFs, he does have a pair of eyes and eyeglasses displayed on the screen when he isn't responding with witty memes. When users ask him a question, a light on the back of its head turns on – which signals he is thinking about the query. The soft-exoskeleton that gives the robot cartoon like movements and its display were both created using a 3D printer (pictured) The robot also has a camera that lets it to record what is 'sees' and it can play music from Spotify when asked The robot also has a camera that lets it to record what is 'sees' and it can play music from Spotify when asked. The soft-exoskeleton that gives the robot cartoon like movements and its display were both created using a 3D printer. And Singh designed custom circuit boards for this project. On top of the body is a head with an LCD monitor. Peeqo is also equipped with six servo motors, four microphones, a camera, a USB speaker, two Arduino Mini micro-controllers and a Raspberry Pi micro.  The work has been shared in an Imgur post, allowing anyone to build their own Peeqo robot.  'Peeqo sits on your desk and uses the Google Speech API to detect the use of the wake word 'Peeqo' via one of four microphones, then it uses api.ai to search GIPHY for the correct response to your query,' shares Signh. On top of the body is a head with an LCD monitor. Peeqo is also equipped with six servo motors, four microphones, a camera, a USB speaker, two Arduino Mini micro-controllers and a Raspberry Pi micro When users ask him a question, a light on the back of its head turns on – which signals he is thinking about the query. The work has been shared in an Imgur post, allowing anyone to build their own Peeqo robot 'All of this runs with a Raspberry Pi at its heart, while two Arduinos work to control the LED notification ring atop its head and the servo motor that dictates the body's movement.' 'Peeqo also acts as a great bridge into home automation, controlling lights and other smart devices in your home or office, along with acting as a media player and new best friend work-based assistant.'    Read more: Peeqo - The GIF Bot - Album on Imgur Peeqo - The GIF Bot Hi, I'm Abhishek Share or comment on this article e-mail 21 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER... Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (21) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Apple hits back at Consumer Reports: MacBook maker claims controversial battery test that led to recommendation removal was due to a 'software bug' 7 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: January 10th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily January 10th, 2017 Alphabet Learns Their ABCs Attempting To Sell a Skybox to a Planet Just three years ago Alphabet Inc. purchased Skybox Imaging satellite business for $500 million, renamed it Terra Bella, and today they have it up on the selling block. An interpretation of this information could be that their original ambition was to cover the world with Internet service is more of a challenge than anticipated. According to some people close to company, the interested party in purchasing Terra Bella is Planet, a satellite imaging startup formerly known as Planet Labs. As part of the deal some jobs would be saved through attrition, employees of Terra Bella would move to Planet, and others may get different positions at Google, according to these people. They asked not to be identified because the transaction is private, and there are no comments from representatives of both companies involved. The Skybox sale to Planet is an equity transaction, which means Alphabet will own a stake in the latter startup, according to some of the people familiar with the situation. Planet's financial health is good, as they raised more than $150 million, as opposed to Alphabet, whose parent company is Google, has had to scale back their once ambitious plans to provide Internet for the world. They planned to accomplish this with Planet's networks of small satellites whereas Skybox would have made larger satellites with higher image resolution. Skybox’s momentum seemed to slow following Google’s acquisition, while Planet Labs has continued to raise money and send many satellites into space. In October, the company cut about 9 percent of its staff from its Google owned Fiber company, an Internet service.    One of the positive aspects that Google was anticipating when they purchased Skybox was that it would keep Google Maps accurate with up-to-date imagery, and they hoped to improve Internet access and other services such as disaster relief. The Terra Bella division operated within Google’s mapping business and launched a small number of refrigerator-size satellites. Currently Alphabet's strategy is perceived to be that they are now investing in other companies with specific expertise, rather than developing it all themselves.  A personality tidbit about these rivals is that in 2013 Google hired satellite industry pioneer Greg Wyler to work on a $1 billion-plus project for them. Instead there was a switch when in September of 2014 Wyler left Google to start his own company, OneWeb, with similar goals to have Internet coverage around the world using dozens or possibly hundreds of small sats.  The technology can be helpful for things like tracking deforestation and effects of weather. Since then Google bought a stake in Elon Musk’s SpaceX. Something that these competitors have in common is their business competitors that include DigitalGlobe Inc. and Airbus Defence & Space, a unit of Airbus Group SE.     Topical Tags :  Agencies    Business Moves    Finance    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  North America    Global                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News JAXA's Failure to Launch a Tiny Satellite From a Small Rocket SpaceX's Successes... Launches Iridium's Small Satellites and the Booster Returns  Airbus Doesn't Want To Be the Only One Having All the Fun... Enter the SpaceDataHighway Challenge NSR Goes to a Higher Place... Above Controlled Airspace ISRO's Aim of 103 Satellites' Launch... Forget Setting a Record Just Maximize Capability More News GreDeom-Insert From RUAG Space Is A Real Winner Pathfinders For NASA Multi-Band Comms For Stena Line From Marlink PanGeo Alliance Obtains PCI Geomatics Support Last Week's Top Stories SpaceX's Successes... Launches Iridium's Small Satellites and the Booster Returns  Google Earth Images of Antarctica... Stairs to Where? GEE What A Purchase... Global Eagle Entertainment Shops for a Satellite Pentagon Finally Launches Study... Future Needs of Military SATCOM China Shares Satellite's Shots ...First Hi-Res Earth Observation Alphabet Learns Their ABCs Attempting To Sell a Skybox to a Planet Eye Spy... Israeli Satellite Sees 'Stone' Russian Missiles Top Teleports Tagged by WTA 2017's SmallSat Symposium Simply Scintillating in Silicon Valley Capella Space's Cubsat Gets the Entire SAR Image Even Through Darkness and Clouds News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events PTC'17 Maritime Reconnaissance and Surveillance Technology 2017 Global Space Congress Digital Ship Maritime Cyber Resilience Forum Rotterdam SMi Network Enabled Capability Technology Data.Space 2017 SMi Mobile Deployable Communications
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 Matt Weinberger Jan. 10, 2017, 3:27 PM 28,555 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Go's mascot is a gopher, much like the Minnesota Golden Gophers.Hannah Foslien/Getty Images Google's Go was 2016's programming language of the year, says the TIOBE Index, a highly-regarded resource for ranking the popularity of programming languages. While the TIOBE Index only catalogues the relative popularity of programming languages via search engines, not how often they're actually used in real life, it's a handy tool for figuring out what skills to learn if you're chasing a career in technology. Every year, this award goes to "the programming language that has gained the most popularity in a year." And "without hardly any competition Go has won the award for 2016," TIOBE writes. Plus, TIOBE says that among its paying customers, it's seeing more interest in Go in industrial settings. Since 2009, Google has been overseeing the community-led development of Go — a programming language aimed at helping web developers build apps at Google's scale and Google's speed, with a focus on rock-solid performance and ease of use, rather than chasing after the latest fads in programming.  Go has won its fair share of fans in programmer-land, not least because it provides a viable alternative to Oracle's Java, which has ruled the world of computer programming for the last two decades. Google's been using Go internally to power things like its download servers, where you grab stuff like the Chrome install files.  Languages to watch in 2017 The runner-ups for programming language of the year, per TIOBE, were Dart (another Google-led programming language, incidentally) and Perl, a NASA-created language renowned for its reliability, if not its elegance.  Other movers and shakers on the list include Facebook's Hack, which shot up to 51st place on the list from 67 in 2015, and Julia, a language that shot up from 73rd to 52nd place. The TIOBE Index expects that in 2017, the favored candidates for programming language of the year will include Apple's Swift, Julia, the Microsoft'created TypeScript, and the ever-popular C++. Incidentally, back in August 2016, the C programming language —the legendary programming language invented in 1972 and still widely used  — recorded its lowest-ever score on the TIOBE Index since its creation in 2001. It looks like C finished 2016 with a lower score still, showing signs of fading even as its offshoot C++ gains on it quickly. SEE ALSO: One of the oldest ways to write software is finally starting to fade NOW WATCH: 5 things Google's Pixel phone can do that the iPhone can't Loading video... More: Google Programming Languages Google GO facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 Google's Go was 2016's programming... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Networking/ Wireless Networking/ Google Wifi Google Wifi editor rating: excellent Comments December 06, 2016 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 6 Photos in Gallery MSRP $299.00 Pros Easy to install and manage. Solid overall throughput speeds. Good-looking, low-profile design. Top-notch app. Cons Lacks dedicated band control. No USB connectivity. Bottom Line If you're looking for a super-simple way to get Wi-Fi to every corner of your home, Google Wifi could be the answer. Delivering seamless wireless connectivity on a single network, the system is easy to install and configure, looks great, and delivers solid throughput. By John R. Delaney Designed to cover your home with speedy Wi-Fi, Google Wifi ($299 for the 3-pack we tested; $129 per 1-pack) is the latest entry in the burgeoning market of attractive, intuitive Wi-Fi systems. As with the Luma, AmpliFi, and Eero systems before it, Google Wi-Fi uses a series of satellite modules to deliver seamless dual-band Wi-Fi throughout the house without the need for a traditional router combined with range extenders or access points. The system is simple to set up and configure, looks good, and delivered solid scores on our throughput tests. //Compare Similar Products Compare Netgear Orbi High-Performance AC3000 Tri-Band Wi-Fi System (RBK50)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Eero   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Luma Home WiFi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Ubiquiti Amplifi HD Home Wi-Fi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Google OnHub   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Starry Station   %displayPrice%%seller% see it So What Exactly Is a Wi-Fi System? Wi-Fi systems provide an easy way to install a far-reaching wireless network in your home without the need for range extenders, access points, or additional wiring. Most systems, including the Google Wifi, Luma, and Eero systems, utilize satellites and employ mesh technology that allows those satellites (which are actually individual routers) to communicate with one another and with wireless clients throughout your home (the Netgear Orbi is a bit different; it uses a dedicated 5GHz Wi-Fi radio band to communicate with its satellites). The main benefit of a Wi-Fi system is roaming connectivity; each satellite is part of the same network and provides seamless Wi-Fi from one point to another, which means you don't have to worry about logging in to a range extender or access point as you move from room to room. Moreover, they don't require much management or configuring, unlike a router-range extender or router-access point combination. Design and Features We tested the $299 Google Wifi 3-pack, which includes three satellites (which Google calls Wifi points), three power cords, a 6.5-foot Ethernet cable, and a quick start guide. Each point provides coverage for up to 1,500 square feet, which means the 3-Pack is good for homes of up to 4,500 square feet. For smaller dwellings (or to add more coverage to the 3-Pack), a single pack is available for $129. By way of comparison, each Luma and Eero module covers up to 1,000 square feet, and the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD Home Wi-Fi System covers up to 20,000 square feet using a base station and two high-density antennas. Our Editors' Choice, the Netgear Orbi uses two modules to provide up to 4,000 square feet of coverage. The puck-shaped Wifi points are matte white, measure 4.1 inches in diameter, and are 2.7 inches in height. While a bit taller than the Eero (1.3 inch) and Luma (1.1 inch) modules, they have a much lower profile than the Netgear Orbi components (8.8 inches) and will blend in well with most décor. Just like Google Home, the new voice assistant/speaker combo, Wifi is meant to be seen, unlike traditional networking gear, which often sticks out like a sore thumb. An LED light strip embedded in the middle of each Wifi point pulses blue during setup, emits a steady light teal beacon when everything is working as it should, and glows amber when it loses its Internet connection. The base has two gigabit LAN ports and a power port; the main Wi-Fi point (the one directly connected to your modem) uses one port as a WAN (Internet) port and the other as a LAN port that can connect to devices like desktops, gaming consoles, and home automation hubs, while both ports on the additional points act as dual LAN ports. The Wifi points lack USB connectivity, which means you can't attach peripherals such as printers or external storage drives. Each Wifi point is powered by a quad-core Arm CPU, 512MB of RAM, and 4GB of eMMC flash memory. Each one also contains AC1200 (2X2) 802.11ac and 802.11s (mesh) circuitry along with a Bluetooth radio. Google Wifi supports beamforming and WPA2-PSK security, and as is the case with other Wi-Fi systems, uses embedded software (dubbed Network Assist) to steer clients to the least crowded channel, the fastest available radio band, and the closest Wi-Fi point. As with the Luma, Eero, and Orbi systems, Google Wifi presents both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands as a single band, which means you can't manually assign client to a specific band like you can with the Amplifi system. The system is installed and managed using Google's thoughtfully designed free Android or iOS mobile app. It opens to a home screen that tells you the status of your network (online/offline) and how many devices are connected, and displays a simple network map. Tapping any device or Wi-Fi point on the map takes you to a status screen for that device with information such as total upload and download stats, the IP address, and the MAC address. The three-bar icon on the upper left corner takes you to a screen where you can add more Wifi points, send feedback, and access online help. Just above the map are three icons. On the left is an Info button that displays status on Wifi point connectivity and walks you through processes like setting up Guest Networking and Family Wi-Fi, adjusting LED brightness on the Wifi points, and addressing any issues you may be having with satellites or connected clients. The round Internet icon in the center takes you back to the home screen, and the four-dot icon on the right takes you to the Shortcuts and Settings screen. Shortcuts include Network Check, where you can test your Web speed and Wi-Fi signal strength to your mobile devices, and Priority Device, which allows you to give traffic priority to any device connected to the network for 1, 2, or 4 hours at a time. There's also a Show Password shortcut in case you've forgotten your password, and Internet Pause buttons for devices that you've enrolled as Family Wi-Fi clients. Family Wi-Fi lets you instantly pause internet access for specific wireless clients, groups of clients, or all connected clients. In the Settings menu, tap Family Wi-Fi, select a client from the list, and give it a group label, if you prefer. Now all you have to do is tap a group label or an individual device to pause Internet access, say for your kids' laptops and tablets at dinnertime or bedtime. Simply tap the button again to resume. The Network settings menu has options for restarting your Wifi points, performing a factory reset, and updating firmware. Advanced network settings allow you to use an automatic DNS or use your ISP-mandated DNS, enable DHCP, create Port Forwarding rules, and select a Network mode (Bridge or Standard). For example, in Standard mode the system is acting as a single network, providing Wi-Fi coverage and assigning IP addresses. In Bridge mode, the points act as an extension of another network and doesn't have DHCP server capabilities. You don't get these types of advanced settings with the Luma or Eero systems, but both the Amplifi HD and Orbi systems offer similar settings. That said, a high-end router such as our Editors' Choice, the D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R), offers much more control and lets you configure, among other things, firewall settings, virtual server settings, and wireless transmission power levels. Additionally, you can select a wireless channel and change the channel width if you're experiencing neighborly interference. There's also a Guest networking setting that allows you to create a limited access network for guests, and a unique Home Control setting that you can use to control supported home automation devices. At the time of this review, Philips Hue lights were the only supported devices, but Google plans to add more, including support for the Nest thermostat, in the near future. Google is also working on integrations with Google Home and Amazon Echo via IFTTT. Missing are parental controls, such as website filtering, a feature you get with the Luma, Eero, and Orbi systems. Installation and Performance Wi-Fi systems are designed for ease of use and Google Wifi is no different. I started by connecting a Wifi point to my modem using the included LAN cable and powered it up, at which point the LED ring went through a series of blue and white flashes until it finally pulsed blue. I opened the app, clicked Get Started, and waited a few seconds while the app discovered the Wifi point. I scanned the QR code on the base when prompted and waited around 30 seconds for the point to connect wirelessly to my modem and attain an Internet connection. I named the network, assigned a password, and chose a location for the point from the list (office, kitchen, living room, etc). I was then prompted to add more points or finish the installation. I elected to add more Wi-Fi points. The app suggested that I place the next point no more than two rooms away from the main point, so I located it in the living room, which is two small rooms over from my office and exactly where I placed the Luma, Amplifi, and Orbi satellites for my tests. I chose Living Room as the location, scanned the QR code, and waited 40 seconds for the point to connect. I was then prompted to test the wireless connection and the app told me that the connection was poor. I moved the point into the kitchen (one room closer to my office), retested, where I saw a good connection. I repeated this process with the third point and located it in my basement (in the same location where I tested the third Luma satellite), and saw a good signal on the first try. I performed my usual throughput tests on the main Wi-Fi point and on each of the two satellites. As with the Orbi, Luma, and Eero systems, Google Wifi uses automatic band steering that doesn't allow you to separate the 2.4GHz band from the 5GHz band, so my results are based on combined throughput speeds. The main point scored 491Mbps on the close proximity (same room) test, narrowly beating the Orbi (460Mbps), the Amplifi HD (459Mbps), and the Luma (457Mbps). At a distance of 30 feet, the Google Wifi scored 175Mbps, easily surpassing the Luma (76.1Mbps) and Eero (71.2Mbps), but not the Orbi or the Amplifi HD, both of which scored 223Mbps. Wifi point results were mixed. The Google kitchen satellite's score of 182Mbps on the close proximity test was faster than the Luma (106Mbps) but trailed the Amplifi HD (193Mbps). The Orbi satellite scored an impressive 480Mbps, thanks to its dedicated 5GHz backhaul band. At a distance of 30 feet the kitchen Wifi point's score of 141Mbps was a bit slower than the Amplifi HD (168Mbps), but significantly faster than the Luma (77.2Mbps). Once again, the Orbi dominated with a score of 220Mbps. Finally, the basement satellite scored 111Mbps on the close proximity test and 117Mbps on the 30 foot test, besting the Luma (101Mbps and 75Mbps, respectively) but not the Amplifi HD (189Mbps and 162Mbps, respectively). To compare these scores with a traditional router, our midrange Editors' Choice, the Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU) bests Google Wifi, scoring 590Mbps on the close proximity test and 260Mbps on the 30 foot test. Conclusion Google Wifi will appeal to those who want to create a simplified home wireless network that is easy to set up and maintain. You won't get individual band control and the parental controls that come with a traditional router, but you do get a bit more control than with the Luma and Eero systems, including port forwarding and Quality of Service settings. The system offers solid room-to-room Wi-Fi coverage with relatively fast throughput speeds, and its Family Wi-Fi feature is ideal for parents who wish to limit their children's Internet time or simply want to pause online activity temporarily. Likewise, the one-touch Priority feature makes it easy to instantly give clients the bandwidth they need, when they need it, without having to log in to a management console and change settings. That said, our Editors' Choice for Wi-Fi systems, the Netgear Orbi, delivered much better range performance in our testing and supports Multi User Multiple Input Multiple Output (MU-MIMO), which streams data to multiple compatible wireless clients simultaneously rather than sequentially. It also offers better connectivity (the router has three LAN ports and a WAN port and the satellite has four LAN ports), than the Google system, and each component covers more area (2,000 square feet) than each Google Wifi point (1,500 square feet), but the Orbi will cost you about $100 more than the 3-pack. If you're just looking for very fast throughput speeds or require more control over your network, consider a traditional midrange router such as the Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU). It delivers better throughput performance, offers individual band assignment, and supports MU-MIMO streaming, for about $100 less than the Google Wifi 3-pack. If you have a large home, pair it with a TP-Link AC1750 Wi-Fi Range Extender (RE450) to fill in any dead zones. Just don't expect the ease of use and seamless roaming that you get with Google Wifi. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Amped Wireless High Power AC1200 Wi-Fi Range Extender (REC22... Linksys Velop Next : By John R. Delaney Contributing Editor, Monitors and HDTVs As a Contributing Editor for PC Magazine, John Delaney has been testing and reviewing monitors, HDTVs, PCs, servers, and other assorted hardware and peripherals for more than 14 years. A 13-year veteran of PC Magazine's Labs (most recently as Director of Operations), John was responsible for the recruitment, training and management of the Labs technical staff, as well as evaluating and maintaining the integrity of the Labs testing machines and procedures. Prior to joining Ziff Davis Publishing, John spent six years in retail operations for Federated... More » More Stories by John R. NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK The 24-inch NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK is a well-equipped business monitor that offers some handy IT-f... More » The Best Wi-Fi Mesh Network Systems of 2017 Have a large space with Wi-Fi dead zones? A multi-node system you control from your smartphone might... More » Plume Adaptive WiFi Plume Adaptive WiFi, a unique system that places pods in every room of your house to achieve whole-h... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Related Reviews Asus RT-AC88U Dual-Band Router D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R) TP-Link Talon AD7200 Multi-Band Wi-Fi Router D-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Router (DIR-842) The Best Wireless Routers of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Networking/ Wireless Networking/ Securifi Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System Securifi Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System editor rating: good Comments January 11, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 8 Photos in Gallery MSRP $399.99 Pros Sleek design. Doubles as a home automation hub. Equipped with multiple LAN ports. USB connectivity. Cons Expensive. Middling throughput performance in testing. Somewhat small touch screen. Lacks band-steering capabilities. Limited settings. Requires dongle to control Z-Wave devices. Bottom Line The Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System brings wireless connectivity to all areas of your home and doubles as a home automation hub. The system looks good and is easy to install, but throughput performance is mixed. By John R. Delaney The three-piece Securifi Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System ($399.99) is designed to bring wireless connectivity to the far reaches of your home. As with other mesh-based Wi-Fi systems, including the Luma Home WiFi System, Eero, Google Wifi, and the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD, the Almond 3 is a dual-band router that uses mesh technology to communicate with its satellites (nodes), which are placed in strategic areas around your home to provide a seamless wireless network. It also pulls double duty as a home automation hub, which none of its competitors do. It's easy enough to install and manage, and offers multiple LAN ports and USB connectivity, but there are better performing Wi-Fi systems, including our top pick, the Netgear Orbi. //Compare Similar Products Compare Netgear Orbi High-Performance AC3000 Tri-Band Wi-Fi System (RBK50)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Ubiquiti Amplifi HD Home Wi-Fi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Google Wifi   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Luma Home WiFi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Eero   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Asus RT-AC88U Dual-Band Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Linksys EA7500 Max-Stream AC1900 MU-MIMO Gigabit Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it D-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Router (DIR-842)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Netgear AC1200 Smart Wi-Fi Router (R6220)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it TP-Link Talon AD7200 Multi-Band Wi-Fi Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Linksys EA9500 Max-Stream AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Asus RT-AC5300 Wireless AC5300 Tri-Band Gigabit Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Linksys EA6350 AC1200+ Dual-Band Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router   %displayPrice%%seller% see it A Word About Wi-Fi Systems Wi-Fi systems provide an easy way for non-technical users to install a far-reaching wireless network without the need for range extenders, access points, or additional wiring. Most systems, including the Almond 3, Google Wifi, the Luma, and the Eero, utilize satellites and employ mesh technology that allows the satellites to communicate with each other and with wireless clients throughout your home (the Netgear Orbi is a bit different; it uses a dedicated 5GHz Wi-Fi radio band to communicate with its satellites). The main benefit of a Wi-Fi system has to do with roaming connectivity; each satellite is part of the same network and provides seamless Wi-Fi from one point to another, which means you don't have to worry about logging in to a range extender or an access point as you move from room to room. Moreover, they do not require much management or configuring, unlike a router/range extender or router/access point combination. Design and Features The Almond 3 comes in white or black and can be ordered as a standalone router ($149.99) or a three-piece Wi-Fi system, which we review here and which consists of a main router and two satellites. All three components share the same basic design as the Almond router that we reviewed a few years back, only bigger. The boxes sit vertically and feature a 2.8-inch, full-color touch screen on their face. The display uses Windows-like tiles to guide you through the various network and home automation settings menus, but I found it a bit too small, especially if you happen to have big, stubby fingers. Thankfully, there's a stylus nestled in a slot at the top of each router that makes selecting items a bit easier. View All 8 Photos in Gallery The display offers tiles for adding smart home sensors to the system, checking system status, configuring basic Internet settings, and running diagnostics. It also has limited wireless settings that allow you to select a channel and change the SSID name and password for each band, but the settings for hiding the SSIDs and turning each band on or off were not working at the time of this review. According to a spokesperson from Securifi, this will be addressed in a firmware update. The Almond 3 is an AC1200 (2x2) router that supports maximum speeds of 300Mbps on the 2.4GHz band and 867Mbps on the 5GHz band. It's equipped with a dual-core CPU and four internal antennas, and contains circuitry for the ZigBee wireless protocol (for use with home automation devices). There's also a built-in siren (with an adjustable loudness range of 115-120 decibels) for home automation use. The right side of the router holds a WAN port, two Gigabit LAN ports, and a USB 2.0 port, and the satellites have three Gigabit LAN ports and a USB 2.0 port. You can use the LAN ports to bring wired networking to devices like gaming consoles and HDTVs and for connecting the nodes with Ethernet cable rather than wirelessly. This router lacks band-steering technology, which automatically selects the best radio band for optimal bandwidth and signal strength, but it does offer separate radio bands, whereas the other Wi-Fi systems we've tested (with the exception of the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD Home Wi-Fi System) don't. You can manage the Almond 3 from your phone using an iOS or Android app or from your desktop using a Web-based console. The app is fairly easy to navigate, but it's missing a few key options, and several settings are not yet working. For example, parental controls are limited to turning off Wi-Fi access to devices in the Kids group and creating an access schedule, but you can't filter websites and content like you can with the Netgear Orbi and the Luma. Also missing are the Quality of Service (QoS) settings that let you prioritize network traffic. The app opens to Dashboard screen that displays the network name, the number of active and inactive network devices, and any network notifications. Here, you'll also see smart home notifications and smart home status (Home or Away); more on this in a bit. A bell icon at the top of the page takes you to a page with recent activities, such as router resets and the name of clients that have joined the network. At the bottom of the screen are buttons for Dashboard, Devices, Scenes, Wi-Fi, and More. The Devices button takes you to a screen that displays all connected smart home and network devices. Click on any network device to see its MAC and IP Address and connection method (wired or wireless). Here, you can choose to add the device to the aforementioned Kids group and create an access schedule. The Scenes button opens a screen where you can create rules to control multiple smart home devices at the same time, and the Wi-Fi button opens a screen where you can view network information, set up guest networking and change SSID names. You can also use Amazon Alexa voice commands to enable guest networking or to turn off Wi-Fi for devices in the Kids group. Installation Installation is easy. I connected the main router to my modem and to my desktop PC and waited around 45 seconds for the touch screen to initialize and ask me which language I wanted. It then wanted to know which region (country) I was in and needed another 30 seconds to save this information. Next, the setup wizard asked for a location (bedroom, den, office, etc.) and gave me three installations choices: Set up a Wi-Fi system or a standalone router, join an existing Wi-Fi system, or set up as a range extender. I chose the first option, hit Next, and was given the option of editing the SSIDs for both bands. I was then instructed to download the mobile app and create an account using my iOS or Android smartphone. Once I verified my account, I hit Add Almond in the app, entered the code shown on the router's touch screen, and hit Link Almond to pair the router with my account. The router was paired immediately, and I clicked Add Almond to pair the two additional nodes to the router. To add the first node, I chose wireless as the installation method and placed the node in the kitchen, (the same location where I tested the Google Wifi point). It took around a minute and a half before the app informed me that the node was found. I confirmed that the blue LED was blinking, and it took another 30 seconds for the node to join my network. I named the node Kitchen and repeated the process with the next node, only this time I installed it in my basement. Wi-Fi Performance Since the Almond 3 doesn't combine radio bands like most of the other Wi-Fi systems I've reviewed, I tested throughput performance on both bands. The main router's score of 187Mbps in the 5GHz close-proximity (same-room) test was nearly identical to that of Eero (188.7Mbps), but significantly slower than Google Wifi (491Mbps), the Luma (457Mbps), the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (459Mbps), and the Netgear Orbi (460Mbps). The Almond 3's satellites scored 90.3Mbps (kitchen) and 115Mbps (basement) in this test, while Google Wifi scored 182Mbps and 111Mbps, respectively, the Luma had a throughput of 106Mbps and 101Mbps, and the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD scored 193Mbps and 189Mbps. The Netgear Orbi led with an impressive 480Mbps. See How We Test Wireless Routers In our 5GHz 30-foot test, the Almond 3 router scored 161Mbps, and the satellites scored 80.6Mbps and 96.2Mbps. These scores were better than the Luma (76.1Mbps, 77.2Mbps, and 75Mbps, respectively), but couldn't match Google Wifi (175Mbps, 141Mbps, and 117Mbps) or the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (223Mbps, 168Mbps, and 162Mbps). The Netgear Orbi scored 223Mbps, and its satellite had a throughput of 220Mbps. To compare these scores with a traditional router, our midrange Editors' Choice, the Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU), bested all Wi-Fi systems with a score of 590Mbps in the close-proximity test and 260Mbps in the 30-foot test. Throughput performance in our 2.4GHz tests was mixed. The router's score of 80.6Mbps in the close-proximity test was right up there with the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (85.9Mbps), but the satellite scores of 35Mbps and 42.3Mbps trailed the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD's scores of 76.1Mbps and 75.3Mbps by a healthy margin. Since the other Wi-Fi systems were tested with band steering (and therefore defaulted to the 5GHz band), I could not test their 2.4GHz performance, but to put these scores in perspective, the TrendNet TEW-827DRU scored 108Mbps in this test. At 30 feet, the Almond 3 router managed 47.1Mbps, and its satellites scored 31.7Mbps and 40.1Mbps. Once again the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD led with scores of 76Mbps (router), 75.5Mbps (satellite), and 67.9Mbps (satellite). The Trendnet TEW-827DRU had a throughput of 75.3Mbps in this test. Hub Performance As with the Samsung SmartThings Hub, the Almond 3 can control Zigbee, Z-Wave, and Wi-Fi devices, but it doesn't offer native support for Z-Wave; you'll have to buy a USB Z-Wave dongle ($29.99) to control those devices. Also missing is the circuitry used for other popular home automation protocols, including Kidde and Lutron Clear Connect, that you get with the Wink Hub 2. The folks at Securifi sent along a handful of devices to try out including a Door Sensor ($29.99), a Motion Detector ($39.99), an Almond Click button ($29.99), and a Peanut Plug smart switch ($39.99). It's important to note that the Almond 3 does not come with any bundled home automation components, so expect to pay extra for these devices. The Click is a neat little gadget you can use to control Scenes and modes and trigger connected devices. At 1.5 by 1.5 by 0.2 inches, it's small enough to fit in your pocket or attach to a keychain. It contains a single button that can be programmed three ways (single click, double click, and one long click). The company does offer a Security Bundle ($219.95) that includes two door sensors, a motion detector, and one Peanut Plug, but they are bundled with the Almond 2015 model rather than the Almond 3. On January 23 Securifi will roll out its IoT Security solution for the Almond 3, a $3.99 per month service designed to protect devices connected to the hub from botnet attacks and let you know if someone is trying to hack your home automation system. The hub works with numerous third-party products, including Philips Hue lighting devices, the Nest Learning Thermostat and Nest Protect smoke alarm, temperature and humidity sensors, vibration sensors, external sirens, and more. You can also use Amazon Alexa voice activation to turn devices on and off, enable Scenes, and switch Modes (home/away), and you can create IFTTT applets to trigger devices. The Almond 3 is not subscription based and does not charge any fees to make devices interact with one another, which is the case with the Lowe's Iris. When you're using the app, the background is blue when you're in Home mode and orange when you're in Away mode. The Home and Away modes make it easy have things happen automatically by creating rules that turn certain devices off when you leave the house and back on again when you return home. You can also have your smartphone act as a presence sensor. For example, when your mobile device connects to the hub's Wi-Fi, you can have the hub switch to Home mode or have it enable a rule to do something like turn the heat up or turn the lights on. A bell icon at the top of the screen takes you to a page with recent activities such as switches being turned on and off and new devices added to the hub. The Devices button at the bottom takes you to a screen that displays all connected smart home and network products. Click on any smart home device to edit its name and location and turn on push notifications when the device is triggered. Here you can also view a running history for that device by clicking the Device History button. Oddly, there's no way to pair and remove a device from within the app. To do that, you have to use the hub's touch screen. Tap the Scenes button to control multiple smart home devices at the same time with a single tap. To create a Scene, tap the plus icon in the upper right corner, select one or more devices and what you want them to do, and give it name. If you want to enable a Scene using Alexa, choose one of the Alexa-recognized names from the drop-down list. The More button takes you to a page where you can create Rules. Similar to the Wink's Robots feature, Rules makes devices interact with each other using a process that is nearly identical to creating an IFTTT recipe. Simply tap the plus icon in the upper right corner and select a device or event from the list for the IF trigger. Devices include any connected smart home or network device, or you can base the rule on the mode, time, or weather. Next, select a THEN device and what you want it to do. You can include as many devices and actions as you want for each rule. Pairing devices is easy, but as mentioned earlier, it can't be done from within the app. To pair the Click button I installed the battery, tapped the Add Sensor tile on the hub, and waited a few seconds for the Click to pair with it. I entered a name and location using the hub's on-screen keypad and clicked Done. Installing the motion sensor, Peanut Plug, and door sensor was just as easy. I had all four devices paired in under five minutes. The hub and its devices worked flawlessly. I used the Peanut Plug as a lamp switch and it reacted instantly to my on/off commands using the app. I also set up the Click button to turn the switch on and off and it responded without hesitation every time. I created a rule to have the siren sound at the highest level and trigger the Peanut Plug to turn on when the door sensor was tripped and both devices reacted on cue. Which brings me to my only gripe with the hub's performance; the siren could be louder. At the highest setting it was barely audible from the other side of my house. To test the Almond 3 with IFTTT I created an applet to have a D-Link Smart Switch turn on when the Click button was pressed twice and it worked like a charm. Likewise, I enabled the Amazon Echo Almond for Smart Home skill and had no trouble turning the Peanut Plug on and off using a simple voice command. Conclusions If you're looking for a router solution that will blanket your home with Wi-Fi and control your home automation devices, the Securifi Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System is worth considering. It's a breeze to install and offers seamless wireless connectivity throughout the house, but it doesn't provide the kind of performance that you see with the Google Wi-Fi, the Ubiquity Amplifi HD, and the Netgear Orbi systems. Moreover, it lacks the robust parental controls that you get with the Eero and Luma systems, and it doesn't offer band-steering, although Securifi says it will be added in the future. That said, each node has three LAN ports and a USB port, which means you can connect to set-top boxes, gaming consoles, and external hard drives. And no other Wi-Fi systems on the market offer smart home support. If speedy, whole-house Wi-Fi is what you crave, check out our Editors' Choice, the Netgear Orbi. It not only delivered the highest throughput scores in our testing but it supports Multi-User Multiple Input Multiple Output (MU-MIMO) technology, which streams data to clients simultaneously rather than sequentially. If you want full control over your network, consider a traditional router such as the Trendnet TEW-827DRU. It costs around $200 less than the Almond 3 and offers excellent throughput on both bands, as well as USB 3.0 connectivity and MU-MIMO streaming. You can pair it with a TP-Link AC1750 Wi-Fi Range Extender (RE450) if you live in a large house, although you won't get seamless roaming over a single network with this solution. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Netgear Orbi High-Performance AC3000 Tri-Band Wi-Fi System (... By John R. Delaney Contributing Editor, Monitors and HDTVs As a Contributing Editor for PC Magazine, John Delaney has been testing and reviewing monitors, HDTVs, PCs, servers, and other assorted hardware and peripherals for more than 14 years. A 13-year veteran of PC Magazine's Labs (most recently as Director of Operations), John was responsible for the recruitment, training and management of the Labs technical staff, as well as evaluating and maintaining the integrity of the Labs testing machines and procedures. Prior to joining Ziff Davis Publishing, John spent six years in retail operations for Federated... More » More Stories by John R. NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK The 24-inch NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK is a well-equipped business monitor that offers some handy IT-f... More » The Best Wi-Fi Mesh Network Systems of 2017 Have a large space with Wi-Fi dead zones? A multi-node system you control from your smartphone might... More » Plume Adaptive WiFi Plume Adaptive WiFi, a unique system that places pods in every room of your house to achieve whole-h... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Related Reviews Asus RT-AC88U Dual-Band Router D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R) TP-Link Talon AD7200 Multi-Band Wi-Fi Router D-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Router (DIR-842) The Best Wireless Routers of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Networking/ Wireless Networking/ Linksys Velop Linksys Velop editor rating: excellent Comments January 03, 2017 REVIEW Comments SPECS COMPARE View Gallery View All 8 Photos in Gallery MSRP $499.99 Pros Sleek design. Easy to install and manage. User-friendly app. Multi-User Multiple Input, Multiple Output (MU-MIMO) enabled. Very good throughput in testing. Cons Expensive. Lacks USB ports. Does not support dedicated band control. Bottom Line The Linksys Velop provides Wi-Fi coverage for your entire home and seamless roaming over a single network. It's stylish, easy to install, and delivers fast single-user and MU-MIMO throughput speeds, making it our top pick for Wi-Fi systems. By John R. Delaney The Linksys Velop ($499.99 for the 3-Pack we tested) represents the company's entry into the growing Wi-Fi system market, joining Eero, Google Wifi, the Netgear Orbi, and a smattering of others. As with much of the competition, the Velop is good looking, easy to install and manage, and blankets your home with Wi-Fi coverage, allowing you to roam from room to room without having to connect to range extenders or access points. Although it's the most expensive system we've reviewed, it delivered the best overall performance in our throughput testing and it offers the most robust feature set. It's our top pick for home Wi-Fi systems. //Compare Similar Products Compare Netgear Orbi High-Performance AC3000 Tri-Band Wi-Fi System (RBK50)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Securifi Almond 3 Smart Home Wi-Fi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Google Wifi   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Ubiquiti Amplifi HD Home Wi-Fi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Eero   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Luma Home WiFi System   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU)   %displayPrice%%seller% see it Do I Need a Wi-Fi System? Why Not a Standard Router? If you have a large home, Wi-Fi systems provide an easy way to install a far-reaching wireless network in your home without the need for range extenders, access points, or additional wiring. Most systems, including the Velop, the Luma Home WiFi System, and Eero, utilize satellites and employ mesh technology that allows those satellites (which are actually individual routers) to communicate with one another and with wireless clients throughout your home (the Netgear Orbi, another top pick, is a bit different; it uses a dedicated 5GHz Wi-Fi radio band to communicate with its satellites). The main benefit of a Wi-Fi system is roaming connectivity; each satellite is part of the same network and provides seamless Wi-Fi from one point to another. That means you don't have to worry about logging in to a range extender or access point as you move from room to room. Moreover, they don't require much management or configuring, unlike a router/range extender or router/access point combination. View All 8 Photos in Gallery Design and Features Wi-Fi systems come in all shapes and sizes, from Google Wifi's smallish, puck-shaped nodes to the lumbering cylindrical towers of the Netgear Orbi. The Velop 3-Pack consists of three identical, sleeking-looking glossy-white tapered mini towers (nodes) that stand 7.28 inches tall and measure 3.07 by 3.07 inches at the base and 2.6 by 2.6 inches at the top. There's a tiny LED status light on the top of each node, and the base holds two Gigabit LAN ports, a power jack, an On/Off switch, and a reset switch. There are no USB ports on any of the nodes. The LED light shines blue when connected, red when it loses its Internet connection, yellow when it is out of range, and purple during setup. Each of the three nodes covers up to 2,000 square feet, which means that the 3-Pack will provide Wi-Fi coverage for homes up to 6,000 square feet. If you live in a smaller dwelling, you can purchase a single node for $199.99 or a 2-Pack for $349.99. You can also extend your network by adding nodes. In comparison, each Luma and Eero module covers up to 1,000 square feet, while the Netgear Orbi uses two modules to cover up to 4,000 square feet, and Google Wifi uses three modules to cover 4,500 square feet. Each Velop node is an AC2200 router that can deliver maximum speeds of up to 400Mbps on the 2.4GHz band and 867Mbps on each of the two 5GHz bands. Inside each node are six antennas, tri-band 802.11ac circuitry (one 2.4GHz band and two 5GHz bands), a quad-core ARM Cortex X-7 processor, and 512MB of RAM. The Velop and the Netgear Orbi are the only Wi-Fi systems we've tested that support Multi-User Multiple Input, Multiple Output (MU-MIMO) data streaming, which transmits data to compatible clients simultaneously rather than sequentially, allowing for faster all-around throughput speeds. As with Google Wifi, Velop offers a robust combination of management features, including parental controls, guest networking, device prioritization, and a handful of advanced settings (port forwarding, MAC filtering, and Internet connection type). In comparison, the Netgear Orbi comes with more advanced settings, but lacks guest networking, and the Securifi Almond 3 and Luma systems lack device-prioritization capabilities. The Velop system is configured and managed using Linksys' free iOS or Android app. The app is easy to navigate, and offers helpful tips for changing settings. It opens to a Dashboard screen that displays the name of the network, how many devices are connected, and buttons to turn Guest Access, Parental Controls, and Device Prioritization on or off. In the Parental Controls menu, you can select a device to control and block access to specific sites, or you can completely block access to the Internet. Blocked devices are then listed on the Dashboard page. The Device Prioritization menu lets you select up to three client devices for priority Internet access, and these devices also appear on the Dashboard page. The Guest Access menu lets you configure a guest network with Internet access, but no access to other devices on your network, including drives, printers, and other peripherals and PC systems. You can turn guest networking on and off using Amazon's Alexa voice commands. Advanced Wi-Fi settings are limited to choosing a security type and a Wi-Fi mode, and you can use the Channel finder to select the best Wi-Fi channel for each node. There's also a Speed Test option that measures Internet upload and download speeds, and a Velop Administration section that lists the status of each installed node, the current firmware version, and IP details. Here, you can send diagnostic information to Linksys and report specific issues. Installation and Performance Wi-Fi systems are designed for fast and easy installation, and with its illustrated in-app instructions, the Velop follows suit. To start, I downloaded the app to my iPhone, selected Setup New Wi-Fi Network, and created an account. The first thing the app wanted to know is if I currently use a router/modem combo or a separate router and modem. Next, it instructed me to plug in a node and place it out in the open. It took around 30 seconds for the app to find the node, at which time the LED light began flashing purple. I connected the node to my modem/router combo, and the app instructed me to sit back and relax while it connected to the Internet. After 40 seconds or so, I was connected and prompted to personalize my Wi-Fi by creating a name and password for the new network. I picked a location (living room, family room, office, etc.) and was prompted to add another node or quit setup. Installing additional nodes was simple; I placed the second node in my kitchen, plugged it in, and tapped Add Another Node in the app. It went through the same handshaking process as before and performed a signal test (dubbed Spotfinder) to make sure the node was not too far away from the main node. If it is too far away, the app will ask you to relocate the node before repeating the connection process. Once connected, I assigned a location to complete the installation. I repeated the process for the third node, which I placed in the basement. See How We Test Wireless Routers An impressive performer, The Velop turned in some of the highest scores of any Wi-Fi system in our throughput speed tests. With the exception of the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD, every Wi-Fi system we've tested, including the Velop, uses automatic band steering to provide the best possible performance. As such, these scores are based on the system's band-steering capabilities. In our close-proximity (same-room) test, the Velop's main node score of 556Mbps led the field by a healthy margin; the Netgear Orbi scored 460Mbps, the Luma garnered 457Mbps, and the Eero had a throughput of 188.7Mbps. It was better than the 187Mbps for the Securifi Almond 3, 459Mbps for the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD, and 491Mbps for the Google Wifi. At 30 feet, the Velop scored 236Mbps, once again beating the Netgear Orbi (223Mbps), the Luma (76.1Mbps), the Securifi Almond 3 (161Mbps), the Eero (71.2Mbps), the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (223Mbps), and the Google Wifi (175Mbps). To compare these scores with a traditional router, our midrange Editors' Choice, the Trendnet AC2600 StreamBoost MU-MIMO WiFi Router (TEW-827DRU), bested all Wi-Fi systems with a score of 590Mbps in the close-proximity test and 260Mbps in the 30-foot test. The Velop's Kitchen and Basement nodes scored 257Mbps and 328Mbps, respectively, in the close-proximity test, easily beating the Securifi Almond 3 (90.3Mbps and 115Mbps), the Google Wifi (182Mbps and 111Mbps), the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (193Mbps and189Mbps), and the Luma (106Mbps and 101Mbps). The Netgear Orbi's satellite scored a leading 460Mbps. In the 30-foot test, the Velop nodes took top honors, with scores of 238Mbps and 286Mbps, compared with the Securifi Almond 3 (80.6Mbps and 96.2Mbps), the Google Wifi (141Mbps and 117Mbps), the Ubiquiti Amplifi HD (168Mbps and 162Mbps), the Luma (77.2Mbps and 75Mbps), and the Netgear Orbi (220Mbps). We test MU-MIMO performance using three identical Acer Aspire R13 laptops equipped with Qualcomm's QCA61x4A MU-MIMO circuitry. The Velop's main node averaged 264Mbps in the close-proximity tests and 116.2Mbps in the 30-foot test. The Netgear Orbi's main node only managed 128Mbps in the close-proximity test, but had a throughput of 124Mbps at 30 feet. The Velop nodes averaged 60.1Mbps (Kitchen) and 70.1 (Basement) in the close-proximity MU-MIMO tests, compared with the Netgear Orbi's score of 127.6Mbps. At 30 feet, the Velop nodes scored 50.8Mbps and 57.8Mbps, respectively, to the Netgear Orbi's throughput of 124Mbps. Our traditional router, the Trendnet TEW-827DRU, garnered a speed of 238.3Mbps (close proximity) and 127.6Mbps (30 feet) in the MU-MIMO tests. Conclusion The Linksys Velop is ideal for non-technical users who want whole-home Wi-Fi coverage without having to configure range extenders or access points. It takes minutes to install and requires very little management, and its stylish nodes will fit right in with any home décor. Granted, the 3-Pack is $200 more expensive than Google Wifi and $100 more than the Netgear Orbi, but it offers more coverage than either. (The Velop 2-Pack is $349 and covers 4,000 feet, which puts the price in line with the competition). More important, it delivers the best all-around throughput performance of any Wi-Fi system we've seen to date, and it's ready for MU-MIMO data streaming. As such, it's our latest Editors' Choice for home Wi-Fi systems. Back to top PCMag may earn affiliate commissions from the shopping links included on this page. These commissions do not affect how we test, rate or review products. To find out more, read our complete terms of use. Previous : Google Wifi Plume Adaptive WiFi Next : By John R. Delaney Contributing Editor, Monitors and HDTVs As a Contributing Editor for PC Magazine, John Delaney has been testing and reviewing monitors, HDTVs, PCs, servers, and other assorted hardware and peripherals for more than 14 years. A 13-year veteran of PC Magazine's Labs (most recently as Director of Operations), John was responsible for the recruitment, training and management of the Labs technical staff, as well as evaluating and maintaining the integrity of the Labs testing machines and procedures. Prior to joining Ziff Davis Publishing, John spent six years in retail operations for Federated... More » More Stories by John R. NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK The 24-inch NEC MultiSync EX241UN-BK is a well-equipped business monitor that offers some handy IT-f... More » The Best Wi-Fi Mesh Network Systems of 2017 Have a large space with Wi-Fi dead zones? A multi-node system you control from your smartphone might... More » Plume Adaptive WiFi Plume Adaptive WiFi, a unique system that places pods in every room of your house to achieve whole-h... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Related Reviews Asus RT-AC88U Dual-Band Router D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L/R) TP-Link Talon AD7200 Multi-Band Wi-Fi Router D-Link AC1200 Wi-Fi Router (DIR-842) The Best Wireless Routers of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Is the online advertising model broken? Fark shifts away from online ads thanks to ad blockers, and problems with Google Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb January 10, 2017 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/48bf Updated with comment from Google Something definitely seems to be shifting in the online advertiisng space, as sites that have traditionally relied on ads for revenue are now starting to shift away from it, and toward different models. First, it was Medium, which, last week, announced it was going to be laying off a third of its staff, while also shifting away from its ad-based model. And now alternative news site Fark.com has made a similar decision, revealing on Tuesday that it's going back to the subscription-based model it employed years ago. There will be two plans available going forward: TotalFark, which is $5 per month, and consists of Fark’s special content section.  BareFark, which is $2.50 per month for no ads. "We’d rather everyone sign up for this than serve any ads at all," Drew Curtis, the company's founder, wrote in a blog post. So why is Curtis so down on ads now? It has a lot to do with Google, which shut off Fark's ads in October, without telling them. When they realized what happened, Fark couldn't even find out why Google had done this.  "We don't have an ad representative to contact the Google policy team, and we found out it was impossible. You can't reach them. I know people at Google, and I hit all of them up and nobody was able to reach them," Curtis told me in an interview. When they finally got in touch with an ad rep, through someone Curtis randomly reached out to they found out why their ads had been shut off: the site was accused of promoting child pornography. "We are community board, and we have moderators would have taken it off, but it's not impossible for it to have gone under the radar. So we said, 'Where is it?' Three days later they responded. You would think that Google would have a crack team, but they can wipe out entire companies and they don't care," said Curtis. They finally found the image and it turns out was from a post in 2010, about a man who had been acquitted of charges of possession of Child Pornography in Puerto Rico. The guy had purchased a pirated DVD in Venezuela and was arrested by US Customs due to a picture on the cover of a porn star who looked like she was underage. At the trial a child psychologist had even testified that there was no way the actress could be an adult. As it turned out, the actress was 19 years old at the time and the man was cleared of all charges.   This is the image that appeared on Fark, and which caused all of the trouble: "The flagged image was a fully clothed, adult woman. Our ads were shut off for two and a half weeks, but there was no violation of policy. Nobody looked at the damned thing," said Curtis. Google eventually told the company that the problem was the result o a small pedo bear logo in the lower left corner of the image. And the company accused Fark of having 200 more instances of child pornography, all of which Curtis said were "false positives," such as a woman in a bikini.  Fark was eventually able to get its ads turned back on when it turned ads off for all posts more than two weeks old, but by then the damage had been done. "This was the fourth quarter, which are our best revenue months, across the election, which were the highest trafficed months in a long time. That's possibly a fatal blow to us financially," Curtis told me. "It turned out to the most lackluster quarter we ever had. Our regular revenue stream was not good enough and were were upside down financially." A Google spokesperson would not comment on specific sites and if they are in violation of our policies, but did give VatorNews the following statement: "We have an existing set of publisher policies that govern where Google ads may be placed in order to protect users from harmful, misleading or inappropriate content.  We enforce these policies vigorously, and taking action may include suspending ads on their site. Publishers can appeal these actions." The broken ad space The issue with Google may have precipitated the move away from Fark relying on ad revenue, but it doesn't tell the whole story, of course. Even without that issue, Fark had other issues to contend with, Curtis admitted, including a declining userbase over the past few years.  "Most of Fark’s initial audience was made up of people who were trying to kill time at work. When we asked people why they left, the number one reason given was they got a promotion at work," he said, giving them less time to surf the Web. He also admitted that Facebook had probably taken a chunk of the audience.  But, according to Curtis, the real culprit is the ad model itself, which he said is "broken." "Everything changes every 18 months to two years, but we go from one bad model to another," said Curtis, putting the blame on ad brokers.  "I've been to ad conferences, and it's hard to believe but, at one point, people thought the pop-up ad was an effective method of advertiisng. Some mobile news sites, I have to X out of four different things, and there's an ad between every two sentences. I can't believe they said this would work perfectly. The example I used to give is that advertsers would buy a product that turned the TV on and jack the voleume all the up and would think that's a good way to sell their product," he told me.  "They are basically trying to sell to manufacturers the idea that the only thing between your product's total susccess is that it's not in front of entough people. The concept of there's no bad publicity is bullshit." As a result, people hate ads, leading to a large number of people using ad blockers, thereby decreasing revenue for sites that they rely on them.  Medium CEO Ev Williams made a similar argument about the way ads are shown to users when he announced a shift away from ad-supported revenue as well. "We had started scaling up the teams to sell and support products that were, at best, incremental improvements on the ad-driven publishing model, not the transformative model we were aiming for. To continue on this trajectory put us at risk — even if we were successful, business-wise — of becoming an extension of a broken system," Williams wrote in a blog post. "Upon further reflection, it’s clear that the broken system is ad-driven media on the internet. It simply doesn’t serve people. In fact, it’s not designed to. The vast majority of articles, videos, and other “content” we all consume on a daily basis is paid for — directly or indirectly — by corporations who are funding it in order to advance their goals. And it is measured, amplified, and rewarded based on its ability to do that. Period. As a result, we get…well, what we get. And it’s getting worse." The ad revenue model does, of course, work for some. In its most recent quarter, Facebook made a whopping $6.8 billion in revenue from advertising. Digital ad spending in the United States has grown from $26.29 billion in 2010 to $59.61 billion in 2015, more than doubling in that time. So there are certain signs that things are still healthy.  But, as both Medium and Fark have made it clear, for smaller sites the future of online revenue may rest outside that model.  "Ad income is still higher than subscription income but I'd like to flip that if possible because ad income is a pain in the butt," said Curtis.  (Image source: marketingland.com) Permalink <span>Send</span> Related companies, investors and entrepreneurs Fark.com Startup/Business Description: Fark is a satirical news forwarding site. &nbsp;The Fark community identifiesodd, funny and entertaining news stories from across the Web... Drew Curtis founder, Fark.com Bio: With his website Fark.com, Drew Curtis has built a global community based around news and, due to ad revenue, Fark.com has become one of ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs InTech50 InTech is a showcase of some of the most promising software products created by Indian entrepreneurs. A panel of CXOs ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Meet Sandeep Bhadra, Principal at Menlo Ventures by Steven Loeb Clearwater Clinical raises $6M for mobile hearing testing by Steven Loeb VC deals fall to under 1,000 in Q4, first time since 2011 by Steven Loeb Is the online advertising model broken? by Steven Loeb Meet Shalom Passy, Managing Partner at AfterDox by Ronny Kerr How does Stripe make money? by Steven Loeb © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News Opinion Commentary Commentary: How Michelle Obama helped me get over impostor syndrome Michelle Obama Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP First lady Michelle Obama speaks after the screening for the movie "Hidden Figures" in the South Court Auditorium in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington on Dec. 15, 2016. First lady Michelle Obama speaks after the screening for the movie "Hidden Figures" in the South Court Auditorium in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington on Dec. 15, 2016. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP) Sarah SachsSpecial to the Washington Post The fall of my junior year, Microsoft hosted a recruiting event on my university's campus. Hoping for an internship, I was excited to spend a day with potential employers and current employees — until I read the event description: an all-day StarCraft II tournament for "gamers of all levels" to win an Xbox One. It was clear that I was not the target recruit for this event, but I went anyway, to meet people and try to network. When I arrived, I found a dark room of male students and young male software engineers staring at their computers in silence and shouting expletives. No matter how much I tried to make small talk and ask questions (the first being: "What is StarCraft?"), no one wanted to engage. I didn't belong, and I didn't want to. I didn't want to pretend that I liked StarCraft to be a software engineer. I nabbed some free food and went home deciding I wouldn't fit at Microsoft. But in my mind, I was the problem: I was the impostor, while the guys in that dark room were the "true" software engineers. In 1978, clinical psychologists Pauline Clance and Suzanne Imes first put words to the experience of women who, despite extraordinary academic and professional accomplishments, thought they weren't deserving of success: impostor syndrome. The phenomenon, which can affect anyone but appears to disproportionately affect high-achieving women and minorities, often creates a cycle of anxiety-induced over-preparation, followed by a denial of personal contribution. It attributes success to luck or unworthy praise and is distinct from low self-esteem. And the effect of phenomenon goes beyond the individual: One study showed that workers who report experiencing impostor syndrome are less likely to go beyond their job requirements (helping colleagues, attending meetings that aren't mandatory), possibly due to fear of being exposed. Plenty of extraordinarily successful women have experienced impostor syndrome (Maya Angelou, Kate Winslet, Tina Fey). Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg described her experience in college thusly: "Every time I took a test, I was sure that it had gone badly. Every time I didn't embarrass myself — or even excelled — I believed that I had fooled everyone yet again. One day soon, the jig would be up." I could relate. Dear Michelle Obama, you are beautiful in every way Leonard Pitts Jr. Dear Michelle Obama: This is just a note to say that I think you’re gorgeous. I’ll thank you not to share that with your husband, given that I have no desire to open my door and find a predator drone waiting for me. Or, worse, an IRS auditor. And yes, as a 21st-century U.S. male, I am well aware... Dear Michelle Obama: This is just a note to say that I think you’re gorgeous. I’ll thank you not to share that with your husband, given that I have no desire to open my door and find a predator drone waiting for me. Or, worse, an IRS auditor. And yes, as a 21st-century U.S. male, I am well aware... (Leonard Pitts Jr.) Even though I graduated from a top school, won a prize for my undergraduate thesis and landed a job at Google as a software engineer, that feeling persisted. I tended to find "rational explanations" for my successes. That thesis award? I only got it because I had over-invested time in it, I reasoned. When a co-worker took me to coffee on my first week at Google, he told me how excited he was to start working with me. "You know, our director insisted on hiring you to join our team," he said. "He told us to make room and you would be incredibly valuable." Instead of being thrilled, I focused on how the expectations were high and I didn't want to let people down. I was just someone who managed to sneak her way into a great job. Not all of my worries were of my own making. Women in tech are an anomaly. The percentage of us in software engineering has steadily decreased over the past quarter-century, with these trends looking particularly bad for women of color. I've been lucky — I have my mother, a successful academic scientist, to look up to; my professors and teachers have always encouraged me; and Google has been nothing but welcoming, with executives like Jen Fitzpatrick making an effort to support women in the company. But despite being one of the lucky ones who does feel supported, I often look around and realize how alone I am. And occasionally, my experiences remind me that not everyone thinks STEM is for women. I once interviewed at a tech giant where one of their executives had published a popular book about women in the workplace. It was a comically sexist meeting. Upon seeing that I founded a Zumba club as an undergrad, my interviewer pressed me on if I was sure that software engineering was the right field for me. Despite my previous internship experience at Google and a published article on machine learning research, he wanted me to "sell" him that I wanted to do computer science and not dance. I couldn't imagine anyone asking a man with my experience if he was "sure" he didn't want to join the MLB because he also played intramural baseball in college. There were parts of me that felt guilty for feeling unsure of my own potential. How could I advocate for promoting women in tech if I couldn't promote myself? Half of women in STEM fields leave within 12 years. I didn't want to be one of them. I oscillated between shame and guilt. It wasn't until a chance encounter with a powerful woman with her own history of self-doubt that I began to see my story differently. My best friend from childhood is a White House staffer and invited me as her guest to the White House staff holiday party. It was quite the offer: I would get to see the East Wing and drink champagne in the Red Room. What I did not realize is that I would also meet Michelle Obama. Thank you, Mrs. Obama Heidi Stevens Those of us who love Michelle Obama — and we are legion — have high hopes for her post-White House career. Even as we concede she would be justified to quietly tend an organic garden in her new, private backyard, in our minds, we're sizing her up for a superhero cape (designed by Jason Wu), which... Those of us who love Michelle Obama — and we are legion — have high hopes for her post-White House career. Even as we concede she would be justified to quietly tend an organic garden in her new, private backyard, in our minds, we're sizing her up for a superhero cape (designed by Jason Wu), which... (Heidi Stevens) There she was, the first lady, approaching me in the rope line. I thanked her for encouraging women and girls like me to pursue their interests in science and math. I thanked her for being such an amazing mentor to so many women. I thought she'd smile and move down the line. But she took both my hands, leaned in and said, "It's you, you're the mentor." She told me to keep working hard so that I'll be on the podium one day, inspiring other young women. "You're the one who we should be saying thanks to," she said. I was stunned and nearly brought to tears. Why would I be on the podium? I was used to being the mentee, rationalizing my accomplishments; I looked up to others, I didn't consider myself a leader. Her comments turned my years of impostor syndrome on their head. The first lady herself has admitted to feeling this impostor syndrome. "There were moments when I had doubts," she said of being a first-generation college student at Princeton. "At first, I even worried that maybe I just wasn't as smart as some of my classmates." Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor echoed her in a talk at Pomona College, adding: "I acknowledge what I'm feeling, because I think the first step in changing anything is being truthful about it. And being truthful enough to say, 'No, I may not be cultured in the same way [as the other justices]. If you're comparing yourself to others you're often going to find yourself short on something, especially if they have a background different from your own. But you're there for a reason — you're there to do something that's unique to you." I've decided to take a new approach. I'm going to accept that I can need to receive support but still be able to give support to those who follow me in our field. I'm going to act like a person I'd want to look up to and pursue the opportunities I'd want for any other person in my job. Michelle Obama didn't know anything about me when she gave me her advice. But you don't have to fit the phenotype of a hero to be one. I can still be an exemplary software engineer even though I like Zumba and not StarCraft. There are other people like me looking around to see if they are alone. We aren't. We belong. Washington Post Sarah Sachs is a software engineer at Google. A look at first lady Michelle Obama's life during her time in the White House and years before. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Microsoft Corporation Michelle Obama Sonia Sotomayor A stinging rebuke of Chicago police misconduct, and a chance to fix the damage Trump's will be a presidency 'like you've never seen before' How Andrew Jackson's Inauguration Day went off the rails Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 32°
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Local Get the latest news in local search marketing each week. SUBSCRIBE Essential voice search strategies for 2017 Are you prepared for the rise in voice search? Columnist Sherry Bonelli discusses how voice search will impact local businesses. Sherry Bonelli on January 9, 2017 at 9:51 am More dennizn / Shutterstock.com There’s one thing that remains true about SEO: it’s always changing. One of the big changes that we’re experiencing now in local SEO is the increasing popularity of voice search. Voice search used to be a novelty — now it’s a necessity, especially when you’re on the go with your smartphone or tablet. If you’re a local business, how do you optimize your business for this new personal assistant-type search? Here are some tips. Voice searches are on the rise According to Google, 20 percent of searches on its mobile app and on Android devices are voice searches. The total number of voice searches overall is actually much higher when you take into account personal assistants like Amazon’s Echo (aka Alexa), Google Home (a direct competitor of the Echo), Siri and Cortana — tools that are solely based on voice recognition. Why the uptick in voice search? First, using your voice to search is getting more accurate. Not too long ago, voice recognition simply wasn’t accurate. In many cases, it was more frustrating than helpful. Now, according to the KPCB Internet Trends 2016 report, the accuracy rate of voice search is up to 92 percent. That’s a huge improvement. As voice recognition becomes more and more accurate, the capabilities of voice search will expand, and consumers will reap the benefits as its popularity continues to rise. Another reason voice search is becoming more mainstream is that these new devices (like Alexa and Google Home) are bringing voice search to the everyday consumer — and are actually living in your home. (If you tried to find an Amazon Echo to purchase around Christmas time, you know what I’m talking about. There were none to be found.) Consumers have more voice recognition technologies to choose from, and there are sure to be more on the horizon. So, if you’re going to stay ahead of local search, you need to start thinking about voice search as you optimize your site — starting now. Optimizing your local business for voice search Many people use voice search to get information about local businesses they want to go to. They might say something like, “Where is the best pizza restaurant in Chicago?” (Now that’s a tough one!) In this case, you’d want to make sure that you optimize the content on your pages for “best pizza restaurant in Chicago.” Adding natural language to your site’s content will only help you with voice search results. Another way to add natural language to your website is by creating Q&A pages — using words and phrases that people actually speak (versus words they type into a search box). Make these Q&A pages more conversational in tone, and the keyword phrases you use will probably resonate more with a person performing a voice search. You also need to make sure that it’s easy for the search bots to crawl your site and know what your business is about. This can increase the chances that your content will show up in response to a voice search question. Make sure you submit your sitemap to Google and Bing. Additionally, start incorporating microdata, schema, rich snippets and so on. These little pieces of code give the search engines even more information about what your business is all about. If structured data still scares you a bit, check out Google’s Structured Data Markup Helper, where you can see the different kinds of content you can mark up. It will also walk you through the process and make sure you’re including the right HTML on your site. Now, if a person uses the common local search phrase “near me,” then your on-site optimization probably won’t impact the results much. Instead, the device will look at where the user is physically located when they perform the search and pull up listings that are on Google My Business, Bing Places for Business or other online directories. That’s just another important reason to make sure your business is claimed and optimized — and that your listings are accurate with regard to your business’s name, address and phone number (NAP). Also, when you’re setting up Google My Business or Bing Places for Business, be as specific as you can when you pick your business category — that can increase the odds of showing up on voice searches that are targeted to your local niche. In addition to Google My Business and Bing Places for Business, you also want to make sure that your online business directories (aka citation sites) are accurate as well. For instance, if your old address is listed on Yelp, and your new one is on Citysearch, the search engines won’t know which address is the correct one and will be less likely to pull your business up in voice search results. Small changes: start today Voice search doesn’t mean you need to overhaul your entire SEO strategy or the content on your site, but it does mean that you’re going to need to make some subtle changes that can help make you more successful in the voice search world. First, consider the intent behind a voice search. Mobile voice searches will use natural language, which means long-tail keyword phrases are more important than ever. So start brainstorming about what naturally spoken questions may be asked about your business, product or service. There are some helpful tools that make this brainstorming process easier. Try Answerthepublic.com, StoryBase or Question Samurai (developed by the makers of the great SEO tool, Market Samurai). These tools give you some great natural language keyword phrases that you can incorporate into the content of your site. Another trick is to take a look at your analytics. Google’s Search Console reports show you what queries are bringing people to your site. At this time, you can’t tell if the search query came from voice search or the good old-fashioned way — but the way voice search is going, that may change. Regardless, you can get some good ideas based on how people are finding you right now. One final thought Since most voice searches are done on mobile devices, you MUST have a mobile-friendly site. If a person does a voice search, goes to your site and has a bad experience, you’ve lost! This not only impacts that individual searcher, but a high bounce rate because your site is difficult to use on a smartphone can also (indirectly) negatively affect your rankings on Google. Go mobile, if you haven’t already. What are your thoughts on voice search? Are you preparing now? I’d love to hear what you’re doing to make your site more voice-search-friendly. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Sherry Bonelli Sherry Bonelli is the Local Search Evangelist at BrightLocal. She leads BrightLocal's Research & Content programs and champions the needs of their SEO Agency and SMB customers. Having worked in digital marketing since 1998, Sherry has a Master’s Degree in Internet Marketing along with numerous digital marketing certifications. In her “spare” time, she is a volunteer mentor for the SCORE East Central Iowa Chapter, where she coaches small businesses on how to use digital marketing effectively. Sherry frequently gives workshops and speeches on digital marketing topics to local business owners. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Scorecard: Google's Billion-Dollar Bets Google has made some pretty hefty investments. Some have paid off in the long run -- and some have not. TheStreet Staff Jan 10, 2017 1:32 PM EST Alphabet (GOOGL)   (then called Google) paid $500 million to purchase satellite imaging group Skybox in 2014. It is now close to selling it. Google's $3.2 billion purchase of smart-thermometer maker Nest Labs seemed to plug right in to the company's massive data engine and home networking ambitions, but the acquisition has drawn heat. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Trifecta Stocks: Now It Gets Really Interesting Earnings season heats up next week as Donald Trump is sworn in as president. Chris Versace Jan 15, 2017 12:00 PM EST As Snapchat Preps for Huge IPO, Go Inside the War Between the Nasdaq and NYSE TheStreet talks to representatives from the exchanges to explore what they are doing to entice companies. Vicky Huang Jan 15, 2017 8:16 AM EST From Apple's iPhone to Netflix Streaming, Why 2007 Was the Year That Changed Everything in Tech Several key factors had to converge before groundbreaking products and services such as the iPhone and Netflix video streaming could really take off. Chris Nolter Jan 14, 2017 1:20 PM EST Google has Acquired 200 Companies Since 2001 -- Here Are Its Biggest Failures There has been some clear winners and losers. Vicky Huang Jan 14, 2017 11:40 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Feature The dream of Ara: Inside the rise and fall of the world’s most revolutionary phone Harrison Weber@harrisonweber January 10, 2017 11:05 AM Tags: Google, motorola, Project Ara, top-stories Above: The many forms of Ara. Image Credit: Illustration by Harrison Weber for VentureBeat It looked nothing like an iPhone, or anything Apple might dare to make. On September 10, 2013, the day Apple unveiled the iPhone 5S, Dutch designer Dave Hakkens uploaded a video to YouTube to promote his college graduation project: Phonebloks, “a phone worth keeping.” Hakkens imagined a smartphone made of interchangeable blocks, and each block — the screen, the battery, the processor, and so on — could be easily upgraded or repaired, so it wouldn’t end up in a landfill after two years. “In the beginning, we were asking for like 500 supporters,” said Hakkens, but 48 hours later, the video went viral, racking up millions of views — and delivering a jolt to a small technology incubator called ATAP, Motorola’s Advanced Technology and Projects group. “Phonebloks was announced, and the world went berserk. If Dave Hakkens hadn’t had this viral video, we wouldn’t have announced Ara probably for at least another year,” said former ATAP design lead Dan Makoski in a VentureBeat interview. “We were outed by Dave, inadvertently.” The ATAP studio had worked in secret for more than a year on a similar device: a phone made of infinitely customizable parts they called modules. It wasn’t supposed to be a phone you’d queue up in line every year to buy. It was something radically different. Block by block, this was to be a phone you could create. “Ara Knaian of NK Labs, who the project’s named after, he and his crew had figured out how to actually make it work,” recalls Makoski. The team had already finalized the initial industrial designs for it. “If we [waited] to tell the world that we’ve been working on this, everybody’s going to think that we copied Dave. So we said, ‘Shit, OK, what should we do?'” “So,” Makoski said, “we just called Dave.” 48 days later, Motorola revealed it: Project Ara.     “Thinking back, I never called it a modular phone,” said Hakkens in an interview with VentureBeat. “I had an old camera that I broke and I couldn’t really fix it. So I took it apart and I noticed all the components were still pretty good, except for one thing.” “I thought: Isn’t that weird that we throw everything away just because one part is broken?” said Hakkens. “At first, I wanted to make a phone that lasts 100 years. But then I realized, I kind of like technology — that it evolves, that it gets better. The only downside is that after it gets better, we throw everything away. I started looking into it, and it generates a lot of e-waste … I mean now we have some devices, but in the future it’s thermostats, fridges, microwaves — everything will be connected. So what if a chip breaks in your fridge? Do you just throw the entire thing away?” The Phonebloks story spread like wildfire. Gadget blogs covered it en masse, hordes of supporters signed up to support, tweet, and share the idea with a viral marketing tool called Thunderclap, and developers fired back, saying it couldn’t be done — that it was impossible to build. Perhaps they had a point. “He was just getting destroyed by engineers on Reddit saying ‘There’s no way this could work, right? This is just a pipe dream.’ The way he had designed it was totally unrealistic because he’s an industrial designer and doesn’t, you know, understand the complexity,” Makoski said. “I didn’t really put a lot of effort into how the thing would look, because I didn’t really care about that. So I sort of stripped it down to the most basic version, which would be blocks,” said Hakkens. “I figured, maybe it’s a good thing to just put it out online to gather people that support it. Then, if you had a lot of support, companies would make it.” The idea struck a nerve. Only Hakkens needed someone to build it. Then ATAP called. When Google’s $12.5 billion Motorola Mobility acquisition closed in May 2012, the maker movement looked like the dawn of a manufacturing revolution. Food trucks swarmed Motorola’s new Sunnyvale, California campus because the cafeteria was still under construction. Incoming CEO Dennis Woodside sought someone to run innovation at the new, Googly Motorola, and the job went to former DARPA director Regina Dugan. “Regina was the soul of ATAP,” recalls Makoski. Makoski joined with a ticking clock: He had just two years at ATAP because of a rule inspired by Dugan’s time at DARPA, where newcomers were handed a name tag with an expiration date. “When Regina hired me, I had no idea what I’d work on. You know, I had some thoughts — I had some interests — and I actually sketched out on my first week six different possible ways to go. One of those little sharpie marker sketches, it was kind of a question.” “And I thought she was insane. But you know, that was the beginning” “When I look at the highest form of admiration in the smartphone space it was for the iPhone. I love Apple’s design, but I had seen the maker movement, and Maker Faire, and Tech Shop, and these beginning glimmerings of a very different model than what Apple was celebrating. Apple was celebrating the craftsmanship of the perfect object. To me, it was like the ultimate expression of the Henry Ford vision of making one object a million times perfectly.” “So my question was, What if we did the exact opposite?” said Makoski. Above: Regina Dugan Image Credit: Facebook “We started thinking about this idea of extreme personalization. Is there evidence that this is working? We looked at everything from Etsy — we actually did some interesting research on the tattoo space, because that’s evidence of extreme personalization.” That’s how Project Ara got its first name; before it was Ara, a name inspired by the project’s eventual electrical, mechanical, and software engineering lead, Ara Knaian, Makoski had called it Esprimo — Esperanto for “expression.” In ATAP’s earliest months, Dugan and Makoski often walked to lunch together, traversing the parking lot to reach the best food truck: Sam’s Chowder Mobile. And during one of these lunch breaks, in line at Sam’s, Dugan had an epiphany. “‘A food truck,'” Makoski recalls Dugan exclaiming. “‘We should make a factory food truck. Like you customize your meal right here, we should put 3D printers and hackable electronics into a truck, and that’s how we’re going to make this idea.'” “And I thought she was insane. But you know, I thought about it more, and that was the beginning. It was all about how to create electronics that are malleable and adaptive and personal, and where every one is different,” said Makoski. Above: The Moduino. One of Project Ara’s earliest prototypes, made out of a Razr phone and an Arduino developer board. It is also credited as the origin of Motorola’s semi-modular Moto Z. Image Credit: Ryan Lowry, Wired The slog began. “We were working on both aesthetic customization and functional customization. I was leading a lot of those design and psychology experiments around, ‘how do we overcome the paradox of choice?'” recalls Makoski. Ali Javidan, a Tesla engineer Dugan poached to run ATAP’s prototyping shop, was charged with developing it. “His part was much harder than my part, quite honestly. But he got to the point where we took these Razr phones and we took the main application processor and took the leafs off of that, connected it to an Arduino board.” They nicknamed this early prototype Moduino. It was an omen of things to come “We, from that August for the next six months, really struggled, quite honestly, because it’s just so freakin’ hard.” Javidan — charged with developing dozens of projects at ATAP, from touch-sensitive fabric to mobile 3D mapping — was stretched incredibly thin. And Makoski, a designer at heart, did not consider himself technically capable of getting Ara off the ground. Something had to give. Above: Left: Ali Javidan, Right: Dan Makoski Image Credit: Dan Makoski “At that point, Ali and I, quite honestly, we didn’t feel like we were equipped to shepherd the project.” “Regina liked this idea so much. And she just believed in people so much, she said, ‘Dan, hire the people, you can be the technical project lead.’ And I honestly — I sometimes regret making this decision — but I just said, ‘Regina, I’m not capable of shepherding this project to life.'” So Dugan found someone else: Paul Eremenko, who worked on rapid manufacturing at DARPA, joined ATAP in April, 10 months into Makoski’s time at the studio. The project, not even a year old, was under new leadership. And it was an omen of things to come. The sheer audacity that brought Ara to life — a phone you could create, block by block — made it impossible for Makoski, or anyone else, to succeed. But Eremenko would get close.     Javidan assumed responsibility for managing the shop. Makoski, meanwhile, partnered with Eremenko on the design, cultural, community, and psychological facets of Ara. “I was in charge of the soul. Paul was in charge of body. That’s how we divvied our time.” “Paul was always the one with red eyes, hadn’t gotten any sleep, and was always super focused with what he did,” recalls Hakkens. “It was Paul, for me, who was really pushing the project forward.” “Paul was really ambitious. And he was actually hoping that we’d have something we could get out in people’s hands in early 2014, I guess, initially. That was back in the early days,” said Makoski. Above: A factory on wheels. The team hired another key contributor: Jason Chua. He was a Stanford graduate who had cofounded SparkTruck — a project to connect students with maker-movement supplies, like 3D printers and electronics. Chua and Makoski set out to build Dugan’s factory on wheels to test the team’s early experiments at scale. That summer, as Makoski and Chua drove 12,683 miles across the U.S. in a Velcro-clad van testing Dugan’s food truck epiphany with real people, Eremenko stayed home, creating the technical infrastructure for a malleable smartphone.     Even as Makoski and Chua drew crowds testing the thesis behind Ara, back home in Sunnyvale, the audience was far from enthusiastic. According to Makoski, Motorola’s then-CEO Dennis Woodside was rather unimpressed by Ara’s initial prototypes. Before Phonebloks went viral, “He was like, ‘Yeah, cool guys, that’s interesting, but you know this maker thing is kind of niche. No one’s really going to care,'” said Makoski. “Holy shit, you guys have actually been working on it. Like, this could be real” Motorola’s engineering VP, Iqbal Arshad, had advised on the project early on, and his team helped Javidan and Makoski put together their first prototypes. But Ara would be shrugged off as a side project by Motorola. “[Arshad’s] a really good guy, but when Google had taken over Motorola, he was trying to focus his engineering resources on just a couple of things that were really going to move the needle. I mean, his whole focus was on the Moto X at that point,” recalls Makoski. “He was like, ‘I don’t have time for your crazy modular thing. That’s totally insane, architecturally.'” Above: Another early Ara prototype Image Credit: Phonebloks After a summer of working cheek by jowl, Makoski and Chua’s cross-country tour came to an end and Eremenko finished laying out the core technical details of Ara — a “packet-switched network on a device,” printed on 3D printers and held together by experimental EPM magnets under development by Ara Knaian. Then Hakkens went public with Phonebloks. His bold idea took off like a rocket. Flooded with interest, Hakkens spoke with several companies, but Google, in particular, got his attention. “Google was really persistent,” he said, “and they mentioned that ‘we’ve been working on a project like this — would you like to come and see and maybe we can do something together?'” ATAP flew Hakkens from Rotterdam to Motorola’s Sunnyvale campus. “We just walked him through what we were working on, and he was just like, ‘Holy shit, you guys have actually been working on it. Like, this could be real,'” said Makoski. It was September 2013, and Makoski had less than ten months remaining in his two-year tour at ATAP. “I know Google doesn’t necessarily care about the environment, but still I liked what they were doing. So instead of working for Google, it seemed to make sense to stay independent from them,” said Hakkens. “In the end, [I] wanted to support other modular phones. Not just Google.” “I’ll just say we left those two days of meetings with Dave suggesting a [consulting] price that was just ridiculous to us, and us offering Dave to join Motorola,” said Makoski. Hakkens turned them down. That seemed like it would be the last ATAP would hear from him. “He just wanted to stay independent. And we said ‘good luck.’ It was friendly, but not finding a way to collaborate,” said Makoski. Then, “literally 48 hours before the Thunderclap [marketing push] was to go out, Dave called us and said, ‘Hey guys, I have a proposal: How about you guys just pay me for my time to tell your story, and I use the Phonebloks community as a place where you guys can get feedback on what you’re trying to do’,” said Makoski. “And that was acceptable to us. So we said great.” On October 28, 2013, Motorola unveiled Ara.     In Motorola’s announcement, Eremenko posed a gutsy question: “How do we bring the benefits of an open hardware ecosystem to 6 billion people?” Six billion — a very, very large number. He painted the project in brilliant, broad strokes on the company’s blog. “Our goal is to drive a more thoughtful, expressive, and open relationship between users, developers, and their phones. To give you the power to decide what your phone does, how it looks, where and what it’s made of, how much it costs, and how long you’ll keep it.” Above: The first public designs of Project Ara, released with Motorola’s announcement. Makoski originally opposed showing the seams of each module — that was Eremenko’s idea. Image Credit: Google ATAP “We all went home after we announced,” recalls Makoski, “and then we all came back two hours later and the world just went psycho. I don’t think we expected the amount of interest. Even Woodside — who was lukewarm … when we had showed him stuff before we announced publicly — the week after we announced, Dennis was like: ‘We’ve been proudly working on this…'” Ara had appeared out of nowhere — just 48 days after Phonebloks’ viral hit — and the optics couldn’t be stranger. From outside ATAP, the arrangement was incredibly opaque. Motorola appeared to have copied Hakkens, even as Eremenko said otherwise. But Hakkens had never contributed to Ara, the phone — neither the hardware nor the software. “He basically became a journalist,” said Makoski. “He would come in every couple of months and update his readership and the broader world about what we were doing. He’s a storyteller.” Hakkens hoped other companies would partner with Phonebloks, but the surrounding confusion muddied his vision. “One of the things we did wrong, or could have done better, was that everybody thought Ara was Phonebloks,” said Hakkens. “I think everybody thought we were bought out by Google … so we kind of lost our independent image. And companies wouldn’t get in touch that much anymore.” But Hakkens did something crucial for Ara; he dragged it out of the shadows and forced ATAP to develop the project in the open. Within the tech industry, all eyes fell on Ara and ATAP. More remarkable was Project Ara’s starting price When Google sold Motorola to Lenovo that January, it held onto ATAP and Ara — a shining light of innovation at an advertising behemoth. As one might expect, Google’s absorption of ATAP had side effects. “In some ways, it let us preserve our charter,” said Makoski. “And actually, there were some internally that said it was this project, Project Ara, that was the one that ended up keeping us [at Google], because it generated so much enthusiasm in the technical world.” Others say Google held Ara back. “The pace and scale of contracting that we did all of the sudden really slowed down [after the acquisition],” said one source, who requested anonymity. “The model of ATAP is based on really rapid contracts, like DARPA. There were 150 people working on Ara before we transitioned into Google. And only 3 of them, or 4 of them, were Google employees. All the rest were external contractors,” said the source. “To us, it just felt like we had just kinda hit molasses. And I think, to Google, it felt like they were being uncomfortably sped up,” the source said. When Ara was announced in October 2013, Eremenko told the world that ATAP would release Project Ara’s Module Developer’s Kit (MDK) early the next year. And in February, in a lengthy Time profile, he promised a basic commercial release for the first quarter of 2015. Eremenko imagined doing “for hardware what the Android platform has done for software,” but more remarkable was Project Ara’s starting price: $50. Eremenko sought to build a phone that was customizable beyond any electronic device ever created. You could pick the features, decide when and what to upgrade, and (within reason) pay whatever you wanted. For $50, the starter phone would ship with only the most basic features — not even a 3G modem. But that same phone could be enhanced and evolve to incorporate technological improvements over time. Premium modules, like a bigger battery or a high-quality camera, could transform that smartphone from an obsolescence timebomb into a worthwhile investment. “We had a philosophy that this phone was not for the iPhone-carrying, latest Samsung Galaxy-carrying smartphone owner in the U.S.,” said Makoski. “We wanted to bring access to the internet, to the smartphone space, to those who previously didn’t have it. And part of the ways to do that is to create a platform where an India telecom could put customized radios into Ara for a $50 price point or a $100 price point, or it could scale all the way up to something for Latin America or the U.S.” ATAP released Project Ara’s developer kit one month behind schedule, in April 2014 — the same month Google teased its legion of fans with a prototype of Ara’s main Endo module. Two months later, ATAP started accepting applications for Ara developer boards. The team was in full swing, determined to make Ara real. And Ara’s biggest supporters were certain it soon would be. And then Ara lost one of its founders: Makoski’s two years were up. Meanwhile, Eremenko had 13 months to go. On October 29, 2014, Google released a video of its first working Ara prototype. Soon after, in January, the company shared a second clip, this one showing Ara with a 3G modem and a swath of modules across every category, from miniature piano keyboards to heart rate monitors, all clad in vivid colors and personalized with photos. Another goodbye brought Ara’s myriad designs within reach. Eremenko cut ties with one of Ara’s earliest supporters, 3DSystems, scrapping the project’s dependence on rapid 3D printing for a dye sublimation process. 3DSystems’ printers were too slow, and the new system could adorn modules with selfies and pets. Eremenko fought to release Ara into the world before his final days at ATAP, but he lost faith as the project’s timeline shifted stubbornly into the future. “I remember from the beginning that Phonebloks was like a 10-year vision or something like that. And then Google said, ‘Alright, we are going to do it in two years,’ which seemed super ambitious,” said Hakkens. “Once we had figured out that we could pull it off technically, we just needed to line up all of the silicon providers, etc., to get it all working. And then there were all different types of roadblocks,” said Makoski. “Everything from the EPM magnets not going to the strength we wanted to some of our partners requiring all kinds of business relationships that maybe we weren’t ready to give. I can’t really comment on that stuff, partly because I don’t know it that well.” ATAP planned to launch a market pilot outside the U.S. first — in a South American country that shared a timezone with Google’s headquarters, like Ecuador or Argentina. The pilot, as promised by Eremenko in the pages of Time magazine, was slated for release for sometime in 2015 — ATAP never said when exactly, but the studio eventually settled on a location, Puerto Rico. “We just said, “Let’s use Puerto Rico’ because it has a similar regulatory regime as the U.S., and if we can do something in Puerto Rico than we kind of check the box that, if we wanted to, we can scale in the U.S. market (and also in Latin America),” explained Makoski. But the phone wasn’t stable or sturdy enough; the project needed yet more nurturing, and Ara once again missed a shipping window. In June 2015, Eremenko left ATAP. His two years were up, and Ara faced more uncertainty than ever. The next month, Google canceled the Puerto Rico pilot and promised an Ara release in 2016. “It’s difficult for a project like this to have a good estimate of where you’re going and when it’s ready. I remember telling them a couple of times that they really shot themselves in the foot by mentioning something like that,” said Hakkens. And Project Ara, without a leader, changed hands again. This time, Dugan took charge, with Motorola veteran Rafa Camargo, and the team went quiet to rework Ara, leaving many developers, and Hakkens, in the dark.     At the start of 2015, Eremenko’s dream of a $50 phone had evaporated. “The evolution of what Ara was supposed to be had changed so much because of the big question mark around what consumers actually wanted,” a source who worked on Ara told VentureBeat. “And a $50 [smartphone] is just not technically possible. That’s the truth. Anybody who makes smartphones can tell you that.” So Ara pivoted. “I felt like it was the biggest opportunity that I had ever been presented” Under Dugan and Camargo, Ara morphed into a high-end phone with all the essentials built in. Ara lost its ability to serve different price points, but the project gained focus. It was designed to push the limits of what a smartphone could be with modules that add entirely new features, like super-powered Lego blocks. Imagine the modules developers might dream up. There were the obvious ideas, like specialized cameras and high-end speakers. But modules could get stranger, wilder, too. One module idea, in particular, frequently derailed meetings inside ATAP’s walls, as studio leaders strained to picture a module gold rush akin to Apple’s App Store. “One of the modules that we were working on was basically like a tiny aquarium for your phone,” said the source. “It was a little tiny biome that would go inside of a module and it would have a microscope on the bottom part, and it would have live tardigrades and algae — some people call them water bears. They are the tiniest living organism. We had this idea to build a tardigrade module and we’d build a microscope with it. So you’d have this app on your phone and you could essentially look at the tardigrades up close and watch them floating around.” Brooklyn-based art, design, and technology agency Midnight Commercial conceived the idea, and was commissioned by Google to build it, demonstrating the depth of what developers could create. Enthusiasm inside ATAP climbed as 2015 advanced. “It was very much balls to the wall, let’s go. Let’s make this happen. It was very fast. It was super exciting. Really, really exciting,” said the source. “The way [Dugan] presented it and the way she talked about it, I felt like it was the biggest opportunity that I had ever been presented.” But while Ara’s team grew, Larry Page and Sergey Brin sought to slim Google down. The pair created a parent company named Alphabet, split most of Google’s wild bets, like internet balloons and smart thermostats, into separate companies, and put Sundar Pichai in charge of Google. ATAP remained at Google, closely guarded by Dugan, and Pichai hired Motorola president Rick Osterloh to make sense of Google’s fragmented hardware projects. Increasingly known for duds like Glass and the bowling-ballish Nexus Q, Google had to get serious about hardware. Then in April 2016, one month before Ara’s biggest-ever reveal, planned for Google I/O, Dugan suddenly left. She was hired to lead Building 8, an undefined company created by Facebook with “hundreds of people and hundreds of millions of dollars” at her disposal, Mark Zuckerberg wrote on his personal Facebook page announcing the appointment. “When she left, there was essentially a leadership vacuum,” a source said. “Because there wasn’t a champion for Ara, someone who could really go to bat for it, I think it just fell down the priority list. And if you look at the LG [G5] phone, it just didn’t do very well. If you look at the other attempts at modularity and try to get a feel for the market, there’s just not a lot of good signals out there.” In August, the Ara team was tracking to ship Ara to developers in late 2016 and to the public in 2017. Then Osterloh’s axe fell. Ara was “suspended.” News of the cull rang out like a sudden alarm in the ears of Ara’s staff, who had continued to toil in Dugan’s absence. And Ara’s remaining loyal fans, worn out by years of delays, mourned the news on Twitter. Perhaps more than anyone else, the news pierced the heart of Dan Makoski, who walked the streets of Palo Alto that night in disbelief that Ara was really, truly gone.     Ara has laid dormant for five months — the prototypes locked away from developers as a fraction of Ara’s remaining team stayed to wind down the project. Some later rejoined Dugan at Building 8. Others went on to other projects at Google. Google may someday license or sell Ara. The company has hinted it might, yet throughout Ara’s evolution there was always a missing piece. “Consumers don’t care about modularity,” said the source who worked on Ara. “And even today, I’m still not sure that it’s something that consumers want.” Makoski thinks otherwise. “I feel like Project Ara, if it does get shelved, it’s a shame that they didn’t have the courage to go all the way and fail a couple of times at a commercial release to get it over the hump. But I think the industry will. And hopefully I’ll be alive to see that. I’m only 42 … I still believe.” ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close EFL Cup Manchester United 2-0 Hull City: EFL Cup semi-final first leg – as it happened Marouane Fellaini’s late header gave Manchester United a two-goal cushion to take into the second leg against a resolute but limited Hull Updated José Mourinho: Manchester United fans must improve for Liverpool match. Simon Burnton @Simon_Burnton Tuesday 10 January 2017 17.13 EST First published on Tuesday 10 January 2017 14.00 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 4.55pm EST 16:55 Final score: Manchester United 2-0 Hull City 4.47pm EST 16:47 GOAL! Manchester United 2-0 Hull City (Fellaini, 87 mins) 4.15pm EST 16:15 GOAL! Manchester United 1-0 Hull City (Mata, 56 mins) 3.50pm EST 15:50 Half time: Manchester United 0-0 Hull City Live feed Show 5.13pm EST 17:13 Mourinho talks a bit, and says he wasn’t very impressed with the fans (or the players, or himself): I was expecting a difficult match, I was not expecting to win four or five. 1-0 for me would be always a good result, but 2-0 obviously is better. We are not at Wembley, but the second goal maybe is the important goal. I was a bit disappointed with the first half. Of course they were well organised defensively like I was expecting, and it wasn’t easy for us, but I think we were a bit sloppy, complicated things, taking an extra touch, always delaying the decision, giving them time to regroup. It was not our best first half. The players had to do better, I had to do better, the fans also could do better. The second half we improve just a little bit. Sunday, the players need to do better, I need to do better and the stadium needs to do better too. And with that, I bid you adieu. Thanks for your eyes and your attention. It’s been totally adequate. Bye! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.08pm EST 17:08 Jamie Jackson’s match report has landed: Juan Mata and Marouane Fellaini put Manchester United on top against Hull Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.05pm EST 17:05 Chris Smalling says some stuff: I think we all knew at half-time the first-half performance was not good enough. To come away with a 2-0 win after not the best of performances is pretty good. We knew how well they’d set up, but in the end second half we played with more tempo and got what we deserved. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55pm EST 16:55 Hull fought hard and admirably, creating a couple of chances and restricting United’s, but 2-0 reflects the match pretty accurately, really. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55pm EST 16:55 Final score: Manchester United 2-0 Hull City The biggest cheer of stoppage time comes when the ball is cleared off the pitch and Mourinho catches it. And his is the last touch of the night, with the whistle coming before the throw-in can be taken. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.53pm EST 16:53 90+4 mins: And United seem intent on spending every one of them passing the ball around midfield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.51pm EST 16:51 90+1 mins: There’ll be about four minutes of stoppage time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EST 16:50 90 mins: The match ends with another potential injury for Hull: Tymon limps off after receiving treatment for a couple of minutes, supported by two physios, and James Weir replaces him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48pm EST 16:48 89 mins: 2-0 was the very least that Mourinho would have considered acceptable from this game. He’ll probably be reasonably content now it has been achieved. It very nearly becomes three, but Martial’s volley is pushed away by Jakupovic. Fellaini celebrates with his manager Jose Mourinho. Photograph: Matt West/BPI/Rex/Shutterstock Updated at 5.09pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.47pm EST 16:47 GOAL! Manchester United 2-0 Hull City (Fellaini, 87 mins) That’s a superb header! Martial does well to keep the ball after he falls on the left touchline, Darmian crosses and Fellaini, at full leap and beyond the far post, heads it back across goal, high and wide of Jakupovic, and in at the far post! Marouane Fellaini heads back across the goal to score the second. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters Updated at 4.53pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.44pm EST 16:44 84 mins: It’s not necessarily a foregone conclusion, though: Snodgrass’s cross is headed away from Clucas by Valencia at full stretch. Then the corner is flicked on at the near post, but doesn’t land at any Tiger feet. Updated at 4.45pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.42pm EST 16:42 83 mins: Now Rashford races down the right, but this time his pull-back finds Meyler. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.40pm EST 16:40 80 mins: There’s a slight air of will-this-do? about all of this. The crowd are largely quiet once again, and United are still attacking, but they aren’t really creating much. Their latest ends when Rashford runs onto the ball near the byline, but his cut-back finds only Jakupovic. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.38pm EST 16:38 79 mins: United make their final substitution, taking Mata off and bringing Fellaini on. Updated at 4.39pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EST 16:35 75 mins: Robertson gets down the left, feeds the ball inside and after a helpful ricochet it rolls to Maloney, whose first touch is a 25-yarder that rolls wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EST 16:33 74 mins: Hull make a change, bringing Shaun Maloney on for Diomande. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EST 16:33 73 mins: Pogba hits the post! The keeper is totally and emphatically beaten, but the ball curls away from him and into the meat of the post before bouncing clear! Paul Pogba curls in a free-kick which hits the post. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters Updated at 4.37pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EST 16:32 73 mins: United have another free kick, more dangerous than the last, from which it looks like either Pogba or Mata will shoot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EST 16:30 71 mins: United’s second substitution sees Jesse Lingard replace Mkhitaryan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 70 mins: Which is passes towards Martial, but intercepted and booted upfield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 70 mins: Valencia goes down just outside the penalty area, on the right, after Mason tickles his ankles. Free kick, in a dangerous area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EST 16:27 68 mins: Looks like Mata was offside when Mkhitaryan sent in his header, and thus the goal shouldn’t have stood. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EST 16:24 65 mins: Maybe not! Clucas cross to the far post, and Diomandé acrobatically and viciously volleys high at the far post. He was marked by Valencia, who made only the most half-hearted attempt to stop him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EST 16:23 63 mins: Snodgrass’s free kicks are just about Hull’s only source of goalscoring optimism, but his latest gets headed away simply enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EST 16:18 59 mins: It may well, but Mourinho feels the game needs a touch of Anthony Martial, who comes on in place of Rooney. Leo Arnold (@leoarnold17) @Simon_Burnton I think the game needs a touch of Michael Carrick.. January 10, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EST 16:15 GOAL! Manchester United 1-0 Hull City (Mata, 56 mins) Valencia’s looping cross didn’t look particularly threatening, but Mkhitaryan jumps well, beats Meyler to it and though his header is floating wide, it floats straight to Mata, who taps in from two yards! Juan Mata’s close-range shot hits the back of the net and United have the lead. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 4.21pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EST 16:14 55 mins: Another nearly-chance for United, with Pogba’s shot from just inside the area being blocked by Maguire. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EST 16:14 54 mins: Sadly it does. I wouldn’t say the match is sad, it’s just pre-happy. Mr Smith (@MrSmith9ja) @Simon_Burnton Seems like you like the word "Sadly". Either that or the state of the match is truly sad. #notwatching #munhul January 10, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EST 16:11 51 mins: Ooooh! Rooney comes ever so close to a 250th United goal! He’s picked out by Pogba’s fabulous pass, runs into space on the right of the penalty area, controls well, and then lashes the ball just wide of the far post. Rooney fires the ball just wide from Pogba’s sublime pass. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters Updated at 4.18pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EST 16:09 50 mins: A nice move from Hull ends with Clucas clipping a cross into an excellent area, perfect for the striker running towards the far post to head in. Sadly, however, the striker is running towards the near post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EST 16:06 46 mins: Chance for United! Pogba plays the ball forward and both Rashford and Mkhitaryan sprint towards it. The Englishman eventually decides to leave it and impede Meyler instead, leaving Mkhitaryan free to burst into the area. Sadly his first touch was so poor the ball went straight to Jakupovic, but the referee, Kevin Friend, would probably have given a free kick if it hadn’t been. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 46 mins: Peeeep! Hull get half two under way. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 As the players return to the pitch, here’s a United-related newsflash: Everton’s £22m bid for Morgan Schneiderlin accepted by Manchester United Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EST 15:58 There’s surely a goal coming for United here, though Mourinho may well have a plan to expedite it. There’s been way too much random shooting from distance, though, which Hull will be pretty happy with. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EST 15:55 “If it was twice as well regarded it would still be a two bob trophy” – nice line. The View from A1 (@TheViewFromA1) @Simon_Burnton If it was twice as well regarded it would still be a two bob trophy, and we're only playing Hull. Not exactly glamorous. https://t.co/7lfYXOTgbW January 10, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EST 15:50 Half time: Manchester United 0-0 Hull City 45+5 mins: A match that has so far hovered a little bit above the merely interesting but some way bellow the genuinely thrilling comes to a temporary end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EST 15:48 45+3 mins: Mourinho’s already gone down the tunnel. Mourinho leaves the field before the half-time whistle. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters Updated at 3.54pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EST 15:47 45+2 mins: Meanwhile we’re in stoppage time, and there’ll be at least four minutes of it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.46pm EST 15:46 45 mins: A lovely run from Mkhitaryan, who bursts from midfield, flies towards the area and then picks out Rashford, who takes a touch to control the ball, pulls back his left foot, and then brings it down again into the calf of Meyler, who had got between the United man and the ball in the intervening moment. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.43pm EST 15:43 43 mins: Pogba has another shot from outside the area, and though this one was on target – curling just inside the post, in fact – it was slow enough for Jakupovic to get to. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EST 15:42 43 mins: I’m only watching on the telly, but this certainly seems true. A goal might help. Stuart Mathieson (@StuMathiesonMEN) Old Trafford not exactly in full on electric semi final mode. Flat #mufc January 10, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EST 15:42 42 mins: Suddenly, down the other end, Snodgrass finds Hernandez, whose optimistic low shot from an angle rolls straight into De Gea’s gloves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.41pm EST 15:41 41 mins: Valencia crosses from the right and it looks perfect for Pogba, but at the last second he leans out of the way of the ball, and behind him Herrera is too astonished to do anything. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.40pm EST 15:40 40 mins: Maguire takes out Mkhitaryan on the left wing (strictly speaking he doesn’t touch him, but the United player could have been getting out of the way rather than diving), and earns the night’s first booking. Henrikh Mkhitaryan is taken down by Harry Maguire. Photograph: Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.49pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EST 15:37 37 mins: Replays suggest that when Diomandé was given offside, he a) wasn’t, and b) the touch was off a United head anyway, so he double wasn’t. So it’s just as well the ball didn’t go in, or we’d all be convulsed with ref-rage. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EST 15:35 35 mins: Hull win another free-kick, this time just about close enough to goal for Snodgrass to feel he could bother De Gea. He bothers the wall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EST 15:33 33 mins: Herrera has a go at shooting high from outside the penalty area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EST 15:32 31 mins: The linesman ended the attack with his flag in the air, so the goal may not have stood had there in fact been one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EST 15:31 31 mins: Hull hit the post! It’s another free-kick, deep on the left this time, and it flicks off a head to Diomandé at the far post, who sends it back across goal and, with De Gea beaten, gently against the woodwork. Adama Diomande’s header comes off the post but the linesman’s flag would have ruled out a goal anyway. Photograph: Phil Noble/Reuters Updated at 3.37pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics EFL Cup Manchester United Hull City Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › EFL Cup Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Mobile Google Voice Update: New Version Of Telephone Service Coming Soon By Gurmeet Singh Pandher on January 11 2017 05:00 AM Google Voice Android iOS app update Share Tweet Share Share Email Google Voice, the telephony service from the tech giant, will finally get the much needed update. Google apparently leaked the announcement for a major update way before the official rollout. The company, however, followed up with a confirmation that an update is indeed in works. Most Google Voice users, heading to the website could see a new banner at the top of their inbox with message: “The new Google Voice is here. Try now.” Unfortunately, nothing happens upon clicking the “Try now” button. Instead the same old version of the page reloads, though the link has the word “redirection” in the URL. This has led many to believe that Google is still holding off the update. Still, the notice itself is indicative that a major update will come for the Voice service. It will take another few days until the Google actually rolls out the update. Gurmeet Singh Pandher | The Bitbag Google confirmed the same to DigitalTrends saying the changes are coming soon for Voice. In a statement, a Google spokesperson said: “Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. Google Voice Features The update will likely bring some changes to the user interface, especially to the web page, according to Tech Times. It is also expected to land with a build that will be closely integrated with Google Hangouts. Voice will even feature some integration with the Google’s latest messaging services such as Google Allo and Duo. The Voice service, was first launched in 2009, but has not received much attention from the company for last few years. It is similar to a telephone service with call forwarding and voicemail features along with text messaging and more. The Voice iOS app was last updated in June, and the Android app was last updated in May. Google has largely ignored the service but didn’t axe the service unlike some of its other obsolete products. A detailed log of the new features will be provided when the update goes live. The Android and iOS apps are also likely to receive the updates. However, it’s unclear when the Voice update will go live, but stay tuned until then to know when it begins rolling out. Also Read: HTC Vive VR Smartphone: HTC’s answer to GearVR and Google DayDream? Related Items:Google Voice Update, Google Voice Update Features, Google Voice Update Release Share Tweet Share Share Email About the author Gurmeet Singh Pandher A movie buff and tech enthusiast, Gurmeet loves reading everything from politics and science to sci-fi, fantasy, thriller novels. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Get ready for Apple's iWear!  Firm is working with Carl Zeiss on smart glasses and could release augmented reality gadget this year The device would show images and may use augmented reality  Snapchat launched its own video-camera sunglasses last year By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 12:13 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 12:48 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 107 shares 84 View comments Apple may be moving into the world of smart glasses. The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world. The iPhone maker is believed to be working with Carl Zeiss on the project, which could go on sale this year. Scroll down for video   Apple looks like it may be moving into the world of augmented reality, by considering expanding into wearable glass headsets. Chief Executive Tim Cook, said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality THE END OF GOOGLE GLASS  Alphabet discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year. This ends its attempt to popularise the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording.  'A Zeiss employee confirmed the rumors that Apple and Carl Zeiss AG are working on a light pair of augmented reality/mixed reality glasses that may be announced this year,' blogger Roberty Scoble wrote.  'I thought it was next year but now that I saw this I believe it will happen this year.'  The firm has talked about the project with potential suppliers for Google Glass-style headsets.  A recent report by Bloomberg cites 'people familiar with the issue' who asked not to be identified.  . Chief Executive Tim Cook, who has been struggling with a slowdown in iPhone sales in recent quarters, said earlier this year that the company would continue to invest a lot into augmented reality (AR). Augmented reality is a tool that overlays digital information with the user's environment in real-time.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Could this be a way to reverse blindness? Revolutionary stem... The world's oldest SILK: Evidence of the luxury material is... The disturbing moment a wild monkey mounts a DEER and tries... Fascinating footage of a polar bear hunting seals is... Share this article Share 107 shares The glasses would be Apple's first product targeted directly at AR, according to the report.  The firm has built up its AR research through the acquisition of several firms, including PrimeSense, which developed motion-sensing technology in Microsoft's Kinect Gaming syste. 'AR can be really great, and we have been and continue to invest a lot in this,' Mr Cook said in a conference call with analysts.  'We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.' Alphabet Inc's discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers Apple, the world's largest technology company, has ordered a small number of near-eye displays for testing but has not obtained enough for production on a larger scale, the report added. Apple declined to comment. The move would make Apple the latest technology company to venture into wearable glasses. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last year Alphabet Inc's discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year, ending its attempt to popularize the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording. Snap, an $18 billion (£14 billion) company which makes the popular messaging app Snapchat, also launched its own video-camera sunglasses last week.  As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a new patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The app that could use the iPhone's sensors to generate real-time views of the surroundings with information superimposed As rumours continue to circulate about Apple's next move for its iOS systems, a new patent suggests augmented reality mapping could be underway. The firm was granted a patent for 'Augmented reality maps' last week, revealing an app that could use the iPhone's advanced sensors to generate real-time views of the user's surroundings with digital information superimposed. The system could even overlay directional indicators to the live video stream, visualising the course and any upcoming turns on the way to a given location, and letting the user know if they're facing the wrong direction.  Read more: Apple Considers Wearables Expansion With Digital Glasses - Bloomberg Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 107 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (84) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  26 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Software Google A new version of Google Voice is expected to launch soon Last significant update was in 2014 :( By Jose Vilches on Jan 10, 2017, 12:30 PM TechSpot Google Voice hasn’t received a major update since its integration with Hangouts in late 2014 but some good news are in order for loyal fans of the app. According to The Verge, some users checking their Google Voice accounts today were greeted with a link at the top of their inboxes telling them that "the new Google Voice is here.” Apparently someone at Google jumped the gun on the announcement, since the “Try Now” link isn’t working, but the company did confirm that changes were coming very soon. In a statement, a Google spokesperson wrote, "Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call. We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can." There's no official word yet on what the update might include or when it’s expected to launch. It will likely entail a visual renovation to fall in line with the company’s Material Design guidelines, considering the desktop site is still sporting the dated Gmail look. It may also feature some integration with other related Google messaging services such as Google Allo and Duo. For those unfamiliar, Google Voice gives you one number for all your phones — a phone number that is tied to you, not to a device or a location — so you can make and pick up calls including free calls within the U.S. and cheap long distance, send and get texts, and read and listen to voicemails on your devices. The service was launched in 2009 after Google acquired GrandCentral. Related Reads Google reportedly set to integrate Google Voice features and VoIP calling into Hangouts Google Home is the search giant's answer to Amazon's Echo voice assistant Voice-based computing with digital assistants 2 comments 55 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? Android Wear 2.0 is coming in early February Latest Windows 10 preview arrives with a huge number of new features Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 22 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 19 I can't play my recovered .mov files 11 How to put "tick" sign into the box in MS Word 2007? 7 How to Restore Permanently Deleted User from Office 365? 11 Producing a high level security architecture 17 Chrome 55 now available: loads HTML5 over Flash by default, drastically reduces RAM usage Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today GreenTech Fiat Chrysler under investigation by U.S. Justice Department over emissions EPA accuses Fiat Chrysler of using software to skirt emissions standards Las Vegas launches the first electric autonomous shuttle on U.S. public roads Browse more... Apple Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads Researchers find that “moderate” screen use is OK for teens Browse more... Google Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon Google’s Key Transparency project aims to ease a tough task in cryptography Alphabet’s Eric Schmidt heads to Trump Tower (again) Browse more... Facebook Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution Timehop founder Jon Wegener replaced as CEO by design lead Matt Raoul Weekly Roundup: Claims surface on Trump’s dealings with Russia, Yahoo splits into Altaba Browse more... green Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Tech Companies Should Accept No Compromises On Climate Change Issues HowGood, Now With $2M In Funding, Releases Apps For More Sustainable Grocery Shopping Apple Takes A Swing At Samsung In Full-Page Print Earth Day Ad Browse more... Apple, Facebook and Google top Greenpeace’s clean energy report Posted Jan 10, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Elon Musk plays Overwatch, thinks storytelling is neglected in modern games Apple has earned the title of greenest tech company in the world for the third year in a row, according to a new report from environmental organization Greenpeace. In a new report, “Clicking Clean: Who is Winning the Race to Build a Green Internet,” Apple lead the pack with an “A” grade and a clean energy index score of 83 percent. Facebook and Google also did well, with scores of 67 and 56 percent, respectively, along with data center provider Switch, which scored 100 percent. However, Netflix, Amazon Web Services and Samsung were found to be lagging. Greenpeace’s clean energy index accounts for how much clean energy the companies use from renewable resources, as well as other factors, such as their willingness to make their energy consumption publicly available, and their commitment to powering their data centers with renewable energy, for example. Because of these companies’ size, they have the power to influence others in the industry when it comes to the use of clean energy. As the report noted, Apple plays a “catalytic role within its IT supply chain, pushing other IT data centers and cloud operators who help deliver pieces of Apple’s corner of the internet to follow their lead in powering their operations with renewable energy.” Facebook also received accolades for being the first major internet company to commit to be 100 percent renewably powered, and it continues to play a leadership role in the sector. Its five latest data centers were renewably powered, Greenpeace pointed out.   Google, too, has been taking steps toward a renewably powered Google Cloud, and is improving its deployment of renewable energy in new markets, but was dinged for being less transparent than others, including Apple, Facebook and Switch, in terms of providing facility level energy demand data. The report called out major tech companies Netflix, Amazon, Samsung, and others. It also for the first time analyzed Asian tech giants, like Tencent, Baidu, Alibaba and Naver, which are expanding to become global businesses. That region is “well behind the U.S. market in renewable commitments,” said Greenpeace, citing fewer clean energy options from monopoly utilities. This is of particular concern for environmental organization, given these companies’ ongoing growth and expansion. “We must see East Asian internet companies exhibiting the will to commit to 100 percent renewable energy, particularly as they expand to markets around the world,” said Greenpeace East Asia Senior Climate and Energy Campaigner Jude Lee, in a statement. “Leading IT companies in the United States have already shown that the majority of the industry recognizes that clean power is both good for the environment and good for business. East Asian companies must step up to embrace that reality as well,” Lee added. Meanwhile, Netflix, which accounts for one-third of North America’s internet traffic and contributes to data demand worldwide, had announced in 2015 it planned to fully offset its carbon footprint. However, Greenpeace said that it’s likely that it’s turning to carbon offsets or unbundled renewable energy credits, which “do little” in terms of increasing the company’s renewable energy investment. “Like Apple, Facebook, and Google, Netflix is one of the biggest drivers of the online world and has a critical say in how it is powered. Netflix must embrace the responsibility to make sure its growth is powered by renewables, not fossil fuels and it must show its leadership here,” said Greenpeace USA Senior IT Analyst, Gary Cook, also in a statement. The company earned “F’s” in energy transparency, renewable energy commitment and advocacy. Amazon’s overall Clean Energy Index percentage fell from last year, thanks in part to its nearly doubling of its data center capacity in Virginia – a region with little to no renewable energy options, the organization said – which outstripped Amazon’s addition of renewable energy capacity. Amazon was also awarded an “F” for its energy transparency. “Amazon continues to talk a good game on renewables but is keeping its customers in the dark on its energy decisions. This is concerning, particularly as Amazon expands into markets served by dirty energy,” said Cook. However, Greenpeace did give it a nod for its increased clean energy and climate advocacy over the past year. Amazon’s advocacy with both policymakers and utility companies saw it supporting tax credits for clean energy, pushing for repeal of laws that restrict wind development, and negotiating an innovative energy management deal in Virginia, which saw the Dominion Virginia Power agreeing to integrate energy produced by Amazon’s wind and solar farm projects on the grid serving its AWS data centers. Greenpeace noted that nearly 20 internet companies have now committed to 100 percent renewable energy. But the fight isn’t over, as the sector itself continues to rapidly expand. “Thanks to the leadership and advocacy of companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, and Switch, we are seeing the tech industry make major strides toward powering the internet with clean energy,” said Cook. Update, 1/13/17: Following the release of the report, Greenpeace began a social campaign to raise awareness about those companies who received poor grades for their use of non-renewable energy. For example, the organization released the video below which targets Netflix: 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Greenpeace Founded 1971 Overview Greenpeace is an independent global campaigning organization acting to change attitudes and behavior, to protect and conserve the environment. It promotes peace by catalyzing an energy revolution, defending oceans, protecting the world's ancient forests, working for disarmament and peace, creating a toxic free future, and campaigning for sustainable agriculture. It is available in more than 40 countries … Location Amsterdam, 07 Categories Agriculture, Non Profit, Public Relations Website http://www.greenpeace.com Full profile for Greenpeace Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes green Facebook Google Apple GreenTech Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 4 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 10 hours ago | Matt Heiman Comment moderation powered by Up Next Elon Musk plays Overwatch, thinks storytelling is neglected in modern games Posted Jan 10, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 10 hours ago by Matt Heiman Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller You should read this super-interesting AMA with AI researcher Joanna Bryson yesterday by Devin Coldewey SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin does Trump’s first press conference A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes New England Patriots atop list of evilest of Evil Empires Texas man uses metal detector, makes stunning discovery Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History SpongeBob scores salty legal victory against Houston-based Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs to Colorado Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning materials Students identified as vandals behind pro-Trump graffiti on Rice US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos This creepy genealogy site knows a lot about you Roughly $830K worth in narcotics discovered in spare tire at How the US Army plans to stay current in the new year Researchers find city of 'Monkey God,' nearly lose faces Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets don't plan to rest during busy week Mike D'Antoni praises Nets coach Kenny Atkinson Mike D'Antoni discusses Nets' Jeremy Lin Texans' free agents include cornerback A.J. Bouye Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Real estate in brief People in Business A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work The Worst Movies of All Time Mayor Sylvester Turner capitalizing on Super Bowl fanfare to Taste of Italy Houston set for March 6 Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Socialites fete Louis Vuitton for UNICEF From pancakes to chili cheese dogs: Each state's favorite Video: Florida dog riding on top of crate on freeway sparks Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/technology/article/Popular-Google-feature-down-for-some-users-10847593.php Popular Google Alerts feature down for some users By Craig Hlavaty Published 12:02 pm, Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 What Houstonians want to know More than a few Google users on Tuesday were complaining about their lack of Google Alerts notices. Google Help forums have been inundated with reports from users since late Monday afternoon. The outage doesn’t appear to be effecting every user but enough reports are popping up that it seems to be a major issue. Click through to see what Houstonians were Googling for the most in 2016... less What Houstonians want to know More than a few Google users on Tuesday were complaining about their lack of Google Alerts notices. Google Help forums have been inundated with reports from users since late Monday ... more Image 2 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 5: Pokemon Go. This city loves that game.  Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 5: Pokemon Go. This city loves that game.  Photo: Karen Warren, Staff Image 3 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 4: David Bowie. The rocker was the first major death of what would become a slew of beloved celebrities in 2016. Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 4: David Bowie. The rocker was the first major death of what would become a slew of beloved celebrities in 2016. Photo: Michael Putland, Contributor Image 4 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 3: Slither.io. For those who don't know, it's a game you can play on your computer when your boss isn't looking.  Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 3: Slither.io. For those who don't know, it's a game you can play on your computer when your boss isn't looking.  Image 5 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 2: Prince. The country mourned for the star when he died in April, and Houston was no different.  Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 2: Prince. The country mourned for the star when he died in April, and Houston was no different.  Photo: CHRIS O'MEARA, STF Image 6 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 1: Powerball. Remember when the jackpot reached over $1 billion? Your Google search history does.  Houston's Top Trending Searches, No. 1: Powerball. Remember when the jackpot reached over $1 billion? Your Google search history does.  Photo: Steve Cannon, FRE Image 7 of 10 Houston's Top Trending News: The Olympics. We just loved watching Simone and Simone kill it in Rio.  Houston's Top Trending News: The Olympics. We just loved watching Simone and Simone kill it in Rio.  Photo: Dmitri Lovetsky, STF Image 8 of 10 Houston's Top Trending People: Donald Trump. The president-elect was also the top person searched nationally.  Houston's Top Trending People: Donald Trump. The president-elect was also the top person searched nationally.  Photo: Tasos Katopodis, Stringer Image 9 of 10 Houston's Top Trending Movies: Deadpool. Or should we say, "Golden Globe-nominated Deadpool?" Houston's Top Trending Movies: Deadpool. Or should we say, "Golden Globe-nominated Deadpool?" Photo: Joe Lederer, Associated Press Image 10 of 10 Popular Google Alerts feature down for some users 1 / 10 Back to Gallery More than a few Google users on Tuesday were complaining about their lack of Google Alerts notices. Google Help forums have been inundated with reports from users since late Monday afternoon. The outage doesn’t appear to be effecting every user, but enough reports are popping up that it seems to be a major issue. "I have 265 searches that usually generate 300 to 400 alerts per day, and have done so for 3 years. Nothing since 3:58 P.M. yesterday," writes one user.  The content change detection and notification service is indispensable for some Google users who depend on it to send them up-to-the-minute news updates on nearly any and every topic. It’s handy if you research specialized topics. MINI RIDES: Google, Chrysler may be planning ride-sharing service using minivans Every time Google indexes a new page with a phrase that a user has an alert set up for it, users receive an email. You can choose how often you are notified. Some of us need updates every minute to be honest. The alerts are also private, so no one knows what you are on the hunt for. The service is used by brands, businesses, and others to keep track of mentions and what people are saying about them.  So far no fixes have been offered up by Google technicians on the help forums beyond tips shared during past outages, which haven't worked.  Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Buzzfeed: Whataburger is the best burger joint ever Sid Miller shares fake story about immigrants Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died The Lead Amazon's Alexa throws serious shade at the Texans Home needed: Lost dog walked children to their cars Texans' Vince Wilfork says he's likely to retire 3 decades after brutal killings, last defendant is no more A Most Wanted arrest near the Texas-Mexico border Students identified as vandals behind graffiti at Rice Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning memorabilia 1 dead after shooting at Greater Inwood birthday party Stars heat up Houston's 2017 concert lineup MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS SpongeBob legal case wins against Houston company 18 great Houston meals for $9 and under Cartel member sentenced for mutilating man HUD: Houston housing policies violate Civil Rights Act T-shirt maker has finally had enough of 290 traffic Runners take to street for Houston Marathon Houston's best gyms according to Yelp! Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff loss How John McClain graded the Texans after their loss Latest News Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Real estate in brief People in Business Apple reportedly taking aim at the likes of HBO, Netflix with... Vroom signs full floor lease in Westchase Hunington Properties gets new Greenway Plaza digs West side shopping center changes hands Creative office space reaching fever pitch in Houston Medical marijuana gets spotlight in pre-Super Bowl event in... Small Business How to Buy a Business Truck Trade Show Booth Ideas for Themed Restaurants How to Format a Word File for Kindle What Are Some of the Benefits a Company Would Gain by Requiring a Personality Profile of Applicants? Inexpensive Medical Marketing Ideas Most Read 1 Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff performance 2 Brock Osweiler unravels in Texans' fall in Foxborough 3 Texans batter Tom Brady, still lose to Patriots in playoffs 4 Astros' Collin McHugh calls out Donald Trump on Twitter 5 John McClain's report card for Texans-Patriots playoff game 6 Alexandria Vera, former middle school teacher impregnated by... 7 A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes 8 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 9 A Texas man took a friend to a Cowboys game, and left him there 10 Texas man uses metal detector, makes stunning discovery View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android Opinion Five ways Google can fix Android notifications The notification system in Nougat is better than its ever been but there are lots of improvements that still need to be made. By Michael Simon | Follow Staff Writer, Greenbot | Jan 10, 2017 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Michael Simon More like this Android's System UI Tuner: What it is and how to use it Pixel XL review: Google's new phone isn't a Nexus—it's better The iPhone switcher's guide: Move from iOS to Android and keep all your stuff Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset When Android 8.0 lands this fall, two things will be certain: It’ll have a sweets-inspired name beginning with the letter O, and the notification system will get another series of changes. The steady stream of beeps and buzzes that we get on our phones is a never-ending work in progress, and Google is constantly trying to walk the line between indispensable and irritating as it works to refine its system of alerts. Nougat brought some much-needed features to Android’s notifications, adding extremely useful changes to the way we view and interact with them. But while many apps have taken full advantage of the latest features, navigating the notification shade on a Nougat phone can still be a hit-or-miss affair. With a few tweaks, however, Google can truly revolutionize notifications in Android 8, bringing the same level of control we enjoy with the interface to the alerts we receive throughout the day. Clean up the status bar The tiny notification icons in the status bar are one of the things that makes Android unique, and they can be tremendously useful as visual reminders of things that need immediate action. But they can also be a terrible nuisance, cluttering the tiny space above our home screens and apps, and commanding equal attention for urgent and unimportant matters alike. Greenbot The status bar gets crowded enough without displaying duplicate icons for the same app. The System UI Tuner already allows you to turn off the icons on the right side of the status bar (Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, etc.), but the left side can be far more distracting. While Google is unlikely to ever eliminate them completely (and there’s no reason it should), status bar notifications needn’t be such an all-or-nothing affair. Just like it does with the lock screen, Google could provide an option for notifications to appear in the status bar, so you could designate only the most important ones to occupy such prime real estate. But even if Google never lets us turn them off, there should never be duplicate icons in the status bar. Whether it’s a bug or a feature, they’re pointless and distracting, and if nothing else, Google should make it a point in Android O to make sure only one icon per app appears, no matter how many notifications pile up. How it could work: When you tap on an app in the Notifications settings, add a new tab: In the status bar. Then you can choose from the same three options: Show all notification content, hide sensitive notification content, and don’t show notifications at all.  Allow alerts to self-destruct The thing about notifications is that their value begins fading almost immediately. If they sit for more than a few hours, they can most likely be dismissed and ignored, yet there’s no way to get rid of them unless you recognize their existence in some way. Greenbot It would be nice if you could tell Android to automatically delete notifications for day-old sports scores. It’s in these instances when automatic expirations would be useful. For example, you could set calendar entries to disappear a few hours after the event has ended, or sports scores to clear after a day. It would keep the status bar and shade neat and tidy, while allowing timely and pertinent notifications to rise to prominence. How it could work: Inside an app’s notification settings, there could be a new Notifications history option. Inside you could set when you want notifications to disappear from a time picker. Focus on organization Nougat’s introduction of bundling was an effort to bring a measure of order to the notification shade, but there’s a lot more Android could do to rein in wayward alerts. Too often the status bar and shade become bogged down with out-of-order alerts, and there’s no way to fix them, save to clear them all and start over. Greenbot Once an app is launched, its corresponding notification should instantly disappear. A “group by app” option would go a long way toward bringing some order to chaotic notification shades, letting you quickly see which apps require the most attention and catch up on outdated alerts. And by making it a toggle in Settings, we wouldn’t even have to wait for developers to get around to adding it. Also, notifications should disappear once the app is launched, whether or not you’ve acted upon it. And here’s one Google really needs to take from iOS: unread badges on app icons. Right now the only way to get them is to install a third-party launcher or select custom apps, and it’s crazy that Google hasn’t yet built the option into Android. The glanceability factor far exceeds that of notifications, and badges actually encourage you to interact with the app. And since using them is an app-by-app decision independent of notification banners, they could also cut down on the number of alerts we receive. How it could work: In the main notifications settings window, an option to either group chronologically or by app could be added. For badges, it would be a per-app settings, with an option to add a badge or turn off peek notifications. Keep everything in sync Most Android users probably have at least two devices, whether it’s a tablet or another phone. Each has its own set of notifications to clear, whether or not they were already addressed on another device. So if you just plowed through a mountain of email in your inbox on your Pixel phone, those mail notifications will persist on your Pixel C tablet, even though your Gmail account has dutifully synced the messages. Greenbot Status bars would be easier to manage if notifications synced across all of our devices. Our Google accounts already handle everything from backups to bookmarks, and it would be great if they could sync notification status across our devices, too. And while we’re talking about keeping things in sync, lock screen notifications should be reserved for only those alerts that arrived since the last time you locked your phone. Keeping old ones visible defeats the purpose of having them appear on the lock screen in the first place. How it could work: A toggle in Google Drive or Settings could include an option: Sync notifications with a simple on or off switch. Take over Google Now Along with the dozens of alerts it needs to handle every day, the notification shade also serves triple duty as a playback controller and settings screen. And on larger phones, it can be a nuisance to stretch your finger all the way to the top of the phone just to pause the song playing in your headphones. Greenbot Google Now would be a great place to put the settings and now playing screens. But the coveted space to the left of the home screen could be a perfect placement for persistent notifications. Of course, it’s currently occupied by Google Now, but since Google Assistant is likely to be deeply integrated into the next version of Android, the smart card system could be obsolete before long. But even if it remains, now playing and settings cards could easily be incorporated into the existing design, making them easier to access and uncluttering the space above the notification shade. How it could work: Google could simply move the quick settings and the now playing screen to the bottom of the left-most screen, not unlike what Apple does with the Control Center. And even if Google doesn’t want to open full Google Now access to third-party launchers, it could still provide those two cards. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot New Pokémon Go maps show you where to catch 'em all Where can I find Pikachu? More than one Pokémon Go map promises to help you find rare Pokémon—and they... A list of all the Google Now voice commands Pokémon Go FAQ: The beginner's guide on how to catch 'em all Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go The best Pokémon Go map grabs data directly from the Pokémon Go servers Pokévision may be the best Pokémon Go map, as it apparently taps the Niantic API itself to provide a... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Star Wars: Force Arena, Toontastic 3D, Towaga, Inkitt... Check out this week's biggest new Android app and game releases. 2016 in review: The year in Android Take a look back at the last 12 months of Android and a peek at what's to come. 5 things you need to know about the Snapdragon 835 This is the processor that will power most of the high-end Android phones this year, and it sounds... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile Reviews Huawei Mate 9 review Huawei Mate 9 review Can Huawei's phablet take on the Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus? Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Rene Millman Reviews 10 Jan, 2017 4 Price  €699 (UK price unknown) Pros  Extra-long battery life Fast, stable performance Flagship phone at a reasonable price Cons  Not waterproof Only Full HD display User interface still suffers from idiosyncrasies Verdict  While we wait for Samsung to bring out a large-screen smartphone that doesn’t explode, Huawei certainly has a worthy contender to the phablet throne that literally won’t burn a hole in your pocket. Huawei’s Mate 9 smartphone has been available since last November, but it's still not out in the UK. However, with the US launch having taken place on 6 January, we look ahead to whether the phone can rival the Google Pixel XL and iPhone 7 Plus. With its large display, the Huawei Mate 9 is certainly aimed at the higher-end of the market (although the Porsche Design version certainly looks to the very top-end). But is it poised to steal users of the ill-fated Samsung Galaxy Note 7 looking for a large phone that doesn’t turn into a fireball? Design The Huawei Mate 9 comes in a variety of colours: Black, Space Grey, Moonlight Silver, Champagne Gold, Mocha Brown, and Ceramic White. There is also a Porsche Design Mate 9 in Graphite Black. The Mate 9 is a beast. It has a 5.9in display, and while it is by no stretch a small phone, it is more pleasing to hold in the hand than the iPhone 7 Plus or Google Pixel XL. It has a curved back finished in aluminium that fits in your palm better, as well as narrower bezels, giving you more display without straining your hand. Users of the previous Mate 8 will no doubt be wondering what has changed. In fact, the Mate 9 looks extremely similar to Mate 8 to the point where you ask if this is no more than a minor upgrade. On the right are power and volume keys, with a USB-C port at the base with one of the dual speakers. The headphone jack and infrared port both sit at the top edge of the chassis. Around the back is the dual-camera in a vertical layout, compared with the horizontal arrangement on the iPhone 7 Plus. Below this sits the fingerprint sensor. The camera is slightly raised, giving it a bump not unlike the one on the iPhone 6.  Hardware Display  The Mate 9 measures 157mm x 79mm x 7.9mm, similar in size to the iPhone 7 Plus but with more display real estate. Its 5.9-inch display features a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution, offering 373 pixels per inch. While this is good enough for everyday apps, the screen isn’t quite up to the resolution Note 7 users enjoyed with its 2,560x1,440 display (515 pixels per inch), while the Pixel XL boasts 535 pixels per inch. It is important to note here that the Mate 9’s sibling, the Porsche Design Mate 9, manages Quad HD in its slightly smaller 5.5-inch AMOLED display. As more and more smartphones become used for virtual reality purposes, where the screen is necessarily very close to your eyes, you really will notice this issue. This leaves the Mate 9 not terribly well-suited for VR, which is surprising as we found that the phone is also Daydream VR-ready. That said, the screen is nice and bright and works well in office situations, where garish lights can often make displays look terrible. Processor and RAM The Mate 9 sports an Octa-core Kirin 960 processor, Mali-G71 MP8 GPU i6 co-processor and 4GB of RAM. The Kirin 960 processor uses the ARM's new Cortex-A73 core design and features four A73s — running at 2.4GHz with four lower-power Cortex-A53 cores for less arduous tasks. ARM's new Mali-G71 8-core GPU also appears here, the latest graphics processor that is also expected to appear in the Samsung Galaxy S8 later this year. There have been a number of software tweaks (see below) that make swiping and swapping between apps and pages very quick. We found no noticeable performance lag or slowdown, and it also offers the added benefit that apps rarely crash in normal usage.  Its 64GB of onboard storage can be supplemented via the microSD slot with another 265GB, and the phone also boasts UFS 2.1 storage for fast accessibility of files and data. Fingerprint scanner The fingerprint scanner sits on the back underneath the Leica branded dual-lens camera. While this works well when you are holding the phone, it can quickly become irritating to unlock your phone if you have it sat next to your laptop. Software Like most big-name Android phones, the Mate 9 has its own user interface - in this case, the Emotion UI (EMUI). Now on version 5, it is somewhat of a redesign with a greater emphasis on decluttering. EMUI 5.0, based on Android 7.0 Nougat, and is a major improvement. Preloaded apps have also been overhauled, giving them white backgrounds, grey accents and blue highlights. This is all more inkeeping with the recent Android design ethos, and less ugly like so many other Android skins we have seen over the last few years. That said, it does try a little too hard to look like an iOS clone rather than stand on its own design feet - note how the folder icons below look pretty similar to iOS's own. However, the UI is now easier to navigate, and around 90% of your go-to apps and functionality can be found within three taps on the display. Huawei has also improved the app drawer option, enhanced notifications and quick settings, as well as split screen mode. There is a new element of machine learning, as Huawei claims the device analyses user behaviour and changes the device accordingly for a better, more personalised experience. Also promised in the phone, but not yet available, is Amazon Alexa. This will be the first time that the Amazon AI assistant has made an appearance outside of the Amazon Echo and Amazon Echo Dot. Sadly, despite updating to the latest software, this did not appear to have installed so we couldn’t test this particular function. We will update the review once this appears.  Camera Huawei has continued its partnership with Leica. The Mate 9 has a dual camera set-up on the rear, similar to its efforts with the P9. The 12-megapixel camera takes colour images while the 20-megapixel shoots only in monochrome. Both cameras take appealing images and in combination, claims Huawei, deliver a more detailed image than what you may get from just a single lens. This is because the black and white lens delivers the detail while the colour lens gives you, erm, the colour. Regardless of the theory, the images produced are very good. Although in low light it has some trouble with focusing.  A shot from Huawei Mate 9's camera There is also a Pro mode that allows the user to change camera settings to take better shots, although you need to be clued up as to what ISOs and f-stops are before plunging into this. Another benefit of the dual-lens set-up is the wide aperture mode. This allows you to take a shot and then change the focus point afterwards. Clever stuff, but not necessarily a feature you would use that often. The Huawei Mate 9's dual-lens wide aperture mode The Mate 9 can also record video footage in 4K, Full HD and 720p as well as slow motion. The front camera is an 8-megapixel effort that boasts a beauty mode to touch up any ugly mug (within reason) intent on taking a selfie. Battery  One of the main bugbears of any smartphone owner is battery life: all too often it doesn’t last as long as the manufacturer says it would. Huawei promises a giddily impressive two-day battery life (based on lab tests). While the phone has a 4,000mAh battery, in our day-to-day usage of the phone, it didn’t quite last two days, but unquestionably lasted around a day and a half. This is very impressive, but it still doesn’t live up to the claims of the vendor. More so when you use it in dual SIM mode as this drains the battery faster. But even when the phone is close to zero, it offers fast charging via its USB-C port and the supplied cable. Dubbed SuperCharge, this recharges the phone in 20 minutes for another full day’s use. The lock screen will even tell you if it is charging at standard, fast, or SuperCharge speed. Of course, the main concern for any smartphone user is whether the battery will last the day without overheating, a la the Note 7. Huawei says the device has a “five-gate” protection that ensures a safe charging and usage experience. Conclusion This phone will most certainly suit the user looking for a large screen and a device that will last longer than a day. While it doesn’t quite manage two days, it is by far the longest lasting smartphone this writer has tested. The storage options start off well with 64GB of onboard storage and get better once you slot in a 256GB card, and the camera gives you plenty of detail on your pictures and some fun options to play around with images.  It is also one of the first non-Google phones to sport Nougat, which means it will have plenty of longevity if you are looking for a phone that will last a good while. While the features, camera and battery rival those aspects of the Pixel XL or iPhone 7 Plus, Huawei still has a lot to do to make its brand more desirable to UK users. Huawei must make its smart device designs really stand out. It needs to really refine future phones’ looks, not just in hardware but in software too, developing a more distinctive look than its iOS-inflected EMUI. The Mate 9 is certainly a step in the right direction, so we look forward in anticipation to seeing what it does with the Mate 10. Pictures: Rene Millman See related  Google Pixel review: a flawed but worthy iPhone challenger Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus review: First look Samsung Galaxy Note 7 review Specifications  Processor: Huawei Kirin 960 2.4 GHz octa-core Display: 5.9 inch 1920x1080 pixels resolution LCD (373 ppi) Operating system: Android 7.0 Nougat with EMUI 5.0 RAM: 4GB Storage: 64GB internal with microSD expansion card slot. (Dual SIM can be used in microSD slot) Battery: 4000 mAh with SuperCharge fast and safe charging technology Cameras: Rear dual 20-megapixel f/2.2 aperture cameras with OIS, both colour and monochrome. Front 8-megapixel f/1.9 aperture Wireless connectivity: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2 with BLE, NFC Sensors: Fingerprint, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity, IR MHA-L29 bands: LTE bands  Read more about Mobile View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Mobile Will Nokia launch more devices at MWC? News Virgin Media and BT agree new MVNO deal News iOS 10 release date, features and rumours: iOS 10 running on 76% of Apple devices News John Chen: We stopped building BlackBerrys to bring more to market In-depth Intel debuts 5G modem at CES News See all Popular 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Does blockchain have a place in business? Strategy Android Nougat release date, name and features: Android 7.0 now available for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Android NHS IT director and tech vendor jailed for corrupt contracts Public Sector Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Video Mobile Google Voice is getting new updates, Google confirms By Brandon Russell | January 10, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo After a number of users noticed Google was testing a “new Google Voice,” the search giant has confirmed updates are finally coming to the service. The company provided a rather fitting statement to The Verge. Here is Google’s statement: Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. Obviously, Google is trying to be clever without being specific. The fact that there are no details leaves us to speculate about what will be new about the service. Google hasn’t handled Voice particularly well over the past several months, previously merging some of its features with Hangouts. Beyond that, the service hasn’t received much love, receiving the occasional minor update here and there. It’s just sitting there, unloved Google Voice is a convenient service that offers call forwarding and voice mail services, voice and test messaging, and international call termination services. Plenty of people still use it but Google hasn’t exactly made the experience enjoyable. Google has pretty much left Voice to sit and collect dust, neglecting it like it doesn’t exist. What these new features entail remains unclear, but here’s hoping the wait is worth it. Source TheVerge Topics #Google #Google Voice Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts Twitter will stream PBS’ Inauguration coverage on Jan. 20 Google Play Music highlights bands to watch in 2017 JRPGs on the Nintendo Switch – What do we have to look forward to? Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Resources Industry Voice SMB Spotlight Newsletters Resources Built on trust: A guide to creating a secure and successful e-commerce business The internet has made starting a business easier than ever. But where do you begin when you want to start an e-commerce site, and how do you create one that customers will trust enough to buy from? Download Using web analytics to grow your business Using analytics tools for your website can help you understand your customer, their activities, and engagement.  With these detailed customer behaviour insights, you can better target their needs, drive additional traffic to your site — and grow your business. Download Find resources Search by title or subject area View all resources Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube Newsletter Industry Voice SMB Spotlight The Inquirer Home News Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Open Source Hardware Software Security Software Google is shutting down Hangouts API as it lures consumers towards Allo and Duo Quietly kills off another bit of Google+ history hangouts Chris Merriman @ChrisTheDJ 10 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   0 Comments GOOGLE HAS quietly dropped a bombshell about the future of its chat client Hangouts. From 25 April, the service API is to be shut down as the company pushes Hangouts toward enterprise while pushing social use on newer apps Allo and Duo. This could be seen as a quiet own goal for Google. Migrating users to a different messaging client may alienate them all together, and a straw poll has seen most moving towards WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger rather than the Google replacements. As of now, there's facility to build new apps within the Hangouts API, and Google has confirmed a reprieve for certain integrations such as Slack, Hangouts on Air tools and dialling into a call. In reality what it represents is another tiny piece of the Google+ layer being detangled, as the company continues to reorganise its social layer. In an email to developers, Google explains, "This API was originally intended to support social scenarios for consumer users as part of Google+, whereas Hangouts is now turning to focus on enterprise use cases." Some users have speculated that this represents a long slow death for Hangouts, but it's a fact that Google has continuously and strenuously denied, though they'd much rather you used Allo for your dinkle pics and chatter about the latest guff load of Kardashian. Yes. Guffload. It's an appropriate unit of measurement. It comes at a time when Google has confirmed that it is planning changes to its neglected Google Voice service, which, whilst not currently available in the UK, is lifeline for many small businesses in the US who use it to divert calls between office, home and mobile, while centralising their voice messaging. It's not yet known what the update will bring, the evidence so far was the result of a trigger-happy employee who enabled a link offering users a chance to "try the new Google Voice", as such, there's very little detail as to what we'll see in the new version, and when it'll roll out, only that it puts pay to the suggestion that it might be quietly mothballed. µ Tweet   Facebook   Google plus       Send to   Topics Software Google cloud computing Software computing technology Technology & Internet INQ Latest Robot rights: EU votes to grant "electronic personhood" to Cyberdyne T-800s Robot beatings to be outlawed in EU Hardware 13 January 2017 Nintendo Switch for £280? They must be joking. Here's why it's not going to sell Brand atrophy Games 13 January 2017 Barts Health NHS Trust admits its Windows XP PCs have been infected with ransomware How surprising, said no one Security 13 January 2017 Security flaw leaves WhatsApp messages susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks Poor programming and ridiculous reporting blamed Security 13 January 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read 5 reasons why the Xbox One S is worse than the original Google is shutting down Hangouts API as it lures consumers towards Allo and Duo How times change: Original iPhone vs iPhone 7 specs comparison Nokia D1C and P1 price, release date and specs BlackBerry DTEK70 release date, price and specs Contact Marketing solutions Enterprise IT Events About Incisive Media Terms & conditions Privacy policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Google+ YouTube © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Social Media Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market As Snap gets ready for IPO, here's what advertisers say it has going for it Michelle Castillo | @mishcastillo Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 12:24 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Snapchat preps for IPO: What investors should be watching    Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 12:51 PM ET | 03:07 Social media wunderkind Snap is expected to go public and raise billions in early 2017 in what could be the highest-profile tech IPO of the year. But in a market dominated by Facebook and Google, does the Snapchat parent really have what it takes to be a digital advertising leader? Snap is not likely to dominate ad budgets anytime soon. According to multiple ad advertising agencies, the company currently accounts for 2 to 4 percent of total digital advertising budgets, while Google and Facebook get up to 75 to 85 percent. And while eMarketer is projecting Snapchat will rake in almost $1 billion in ad money this year, it still comes in tied for 14th on the list of top global digital advertising revenue leaders. However, brands are increasingly interested in Snapchat ads, agencies say. For some youth-facing brands, Snapchat's percentage of the advertising budget already reaches double digits. "Snapchat just needs time," said Mike Lobikis, head of sales for integrated production company Tool of North America. "A year ago, they were a punchline for sexting and known for sending stuff you want to disappear. Now ... it's a massive pivot and growth story in a short period of time." Here's what advertisers say Snap has going for it. It's got a young user base that's highly engaged. Snap says it has 150 million daily active users, and not all of them are teens. The largest demographic of DAUs is 18 to 24 years old (32 percent), followed by 25 to 34 (28 percent). More than half of new U.S. users are over age 25. (Twenty-one percent are 13 to 17, while 20 percent of users are 35 and over.) Still, while Snapchat has surpassed 10-year-old Twitter in daily active users, Facebook is still far ahead with 1.18 billion DAUs, while Facebook-owned Instagram has 500 million. Snap users watch more than 10 billion videos per day, up over 350 percent in the last year. In the key North American advertising market, Snapchat has 60 million DAUs as of September. It reaches 41 percent of all 18-to-34-year-olds in the U.S., according to Nielsen research commissioned by Snapchat. "Advertisers want to go where the eyeballs are," Lobikis said. "Snapchat has done that in a unique way by capturing the way people are consuming media right now." It's something different Snapchat's content is more casual. It allows users to be more creative with their posts, whether that's drawing on a picture, adding a special filter or placing stickers to personalize a message. "It's more real or raw, and less of that manufactured and curated life that you see on Facebook and Instagram," said Zack Green, communications planner at advertising agency BBH NY. Even though the Facebook-owned Instagram has been adding Snapchat-like disappearing photo and video options on its Instagram Stories feature, people are not accustomed to using Instagram in that way, agency experts say. "The mindset of how you are creating content on Facebook or Instagram is that you are curating content, like 'This is my vacation photo,'" said David Eisenman, co-founder and CEO of advertising agency Madwell. "With Snapchat, you know this will exist for a moment and go away. You are much more uninhibited." Another positive for the company: Even though Snapchat allows public posts, much of the communication is one on one. This theoretically will allow it to keep its "cool" factor, even if more older users join the platform — a development that can be worrisome for youth-focused social media companies. Some of the company's products, like Spectacles — sunglasses that can send snaps — could also have particular appeal to a post-device generation. "Spectacles are going to be a big deal because it removes clicks and you don't have to take your phone out," said Charlie Fiordalis, chief digital officer of media agency Media Storm. "With this next generation (Gen Z) we're going to see a common trend — a backlash of not wanting to live your life with your phone in your face." It's very mobile friendly, especially when it comes to ads Snapchat's ads are mobile-only, making it drastically different from what's offered on other online platforms. With the mobile ad industry expected to reach more than $40 billion in 2017 according to BIA/Kelsey, the company is well-positioned to take advantage. Many brands tout the effectiveness of its lenses — digital mask effects that users can put on their photos and videos. (Facebook doesn't offer these effects yet, but it bought digital filter company Masquerade, which offers similar editing effects, in March.) Snapchat also has Geofilters, graphic banners that let users show where they are when they are snapping. The company also offers traditional video ads that go in between Snapchat stories and user snaps. However, the videos are vertical rather than traditional horizontal, making them more mobile friendly. People seem to actually like their ads Users play around with Snapchat's branded lenses for an average of 20 seconds, a level of engagement advertisers on other platforms could only wish for. Also, two-thirds of videos, which include some ads, are watched with sound on — another metric advertisers love. A MediaScience Lab study showed people spent 2x as much time viewing ads on Snapchat as they did on Facebook, 1.5x more than Instagram, and 1.3x more than YouTube. The MediaScience study also found that Snapchat increased purchase intent more than two times compared with Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and TV. A study by Oracle Data Cloud also found that 92 percent of Snapchat ad campaigns showed a positive effect on offline sales. Michelle CastilloReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- FB --- TWTR --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Yes, Google is working on an update to Google Voice +9,766 Ashley King Jan 10th, 2017 Yesterday we reported on a mysterious banner appearing in the Google Voice app, asking users to “try the new version of Google Voice.” Interestingly enough, there was no update for Google Voice to go along with the banner, so it seems like Google pulled the trigger on that notification just a little too early. The Verge reached out to Google to ask about the banner and any possibility for future updates for the service and a Google spokesperson had this to say about it. Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. The banner page redirects here and some people are able to see the page while others aren’t. Could this breathing new life into Google Voice have anything to do with Google killing the Hangouts API for third-parties? Google has a history of abandoning its products once new products are out, so it’s surprising to see the company refocusing on Google Voice when Allo and Duo are now available. Google Voice has had a long and storied history of being seemingly abandoned by Google, as some of its features were merged into Hangouts to offer unlimited calling. The Google Voice Android app hasn’t been updated since May of last year and even then, it was only for bug fixes.   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Hottest Android Stories (January 15th) Samsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Top 5 Apps/Games Jan 13 Moto Z Play getting Nougat in March Ladies' Huawei Watch will be restocked soon says Huawei stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertLatest OxygenOS update comes to the OnePlus 3T closeOnePlus pushes the latest OxygenOS Nougat update to the OnePlus 3 and 3T After users were discovered to be unable to download apps from the Play Store, OnePlus released a bug fix update for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. 2 more_vertGalaxy S8 to have IP68 rating closeSamsung Galaxy S8 is expected to feature IP68 water resistance The Samsung Galaxy S8 is rumored to have IP68 water resistance. Are you surprised? 3 more_vertGoogle wants users to try "the new Google Voice" closeGoogle prematurely asks users to try the ‘the new Google Voice’ before it’s live Voice users logging into their inbox, are being greeted by a mysterious banner at the top of the site asking them to try “the new Google Voice.” Is Google Voice about to make a comeback? 4 more_vertFacebook suffers battery issues again closeFacebook draining your battery again? There’s a really quick solution this time Yet another issue is causing battery drain in Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Thankfully, there’s one simple thing you can do to solve your problems. 5 more_vertHands-on: Samsung Chromebook Pro closeHands-on: The Samsung Chromebook Pro is built to compete with the iPad Pro [VIDEO] Where this Chromebook really shines is the display and stylus. The display can be rotated 360-degrees, which allows you to take advantage of the touchscreen in tablet mode. A laptop with a touchscreen isn’t exactly unique these days, but Samsung has also included a stylus. 6 more_vertHTC U Ultra vs Competition closeHTC U Ultra vs LG V20 vs Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus [CHART] If HTC wants to play the phablet game they have to compete with the other phablets on the market. We’ve compiled a few of the top big phones on the market for comparison. 7 more_vertSamsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less closeSamsung’s newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Samsung Display’s new video showcases just how thin bezels can be with its new AMOLED panels. Is this the display that will appear in the Galaxy S8? 8 more_vertNokia 6 doesn't run CyanogenMod closeNo, the Nokia 6 is not running CyanogenMod 14 If you happen to hear that the Nokia 6 will be running CyanogenMod this week, remember what you read here: it most likely won’t. 9 more_vertLG G6 to have 18:9 5.7-inch QHD display closeLG announces new 18:9 QHD LCD panel for the LG G6 The unveiling of the LG G6 is still more than a month away, but it looks like LG isn’t interested in waiting until Mobile World Congress to share important details about its 2017 flagship smartphone. After revealing that the LG G6 would not be a modular device, LG has now announced the new “QHD+” display … 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 case renders closeRenders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 seem to confirm the removal of the home button The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the topic of much discussion lately. A lot of rumors are flying around. New renders seem to confirm some of the rumors we’ve heard. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House UK's largest hospital trust battles Friday 13th malware outbreak Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Apache Beam Big Data Data Centre Google must be Beaming as Apache announces its new top-level projects eBay's Eagle monitoring software also soaring with open-source foundation 10 Jan 2017 at 17:24, Alexander J Martin The Apache Software Foundation has today announced two new top-level projects, Apache Beam and Apache Eagle. Apache Beam is yet another technology birthed by Google's work on data processing, and its roots can be traced back to Google's initial MapReduce system which revolutionised the science of distributed data processing when it was published in 2004. In 2015, Google published the "must-read" Dataflow paper by Tyler Akidau and colleagues [PDF]. Although Dataflow shared a name with the Hortonworks product, the paper described technology which in fact mapped better to Apache Spark, we were informed by Cloudera's director of data science, Sean Owen. Unlike Spark, Dataflow is "more like a streaming-first framework that can also do batch, with special emphasis on handling problems of streaming semantics like out-of-order events and complex windowing," Owen told The Register, describing Apache Beam as like a Dataflow SDK, or software development kit. Beam is "the developer API for programs that run on Dataflow. It is well thought-out, created by a strong team, created especially for streaming – and I understand it's used within Google, which says a lot about its effectiveness," Owen continued. "The disappointment is that, of course, Dataflow is a proprietary Google service," said Owen, who noted that this made its availability "a great move for Google's cloud offering". As of Beam's latest release, 0.4.0, it does support runners for open-source Flink, Spark and Apex, but Owen stated that he would remain concerned about stacking these complicated distributed tools as a user. "The complexity of stacking Beam on top of Spark or Flink" was the issue. "Both are complex in their own right. There is a bit of a lowest-common-denominator problem here, in that some things in Beam don't totally match Spark and vice versa. Still, it's an option." I'm not surprised that there are more and more Spark-like projects emerging. If a problem is worth solving, then you can be sure it will be solved ten times over in the open-source world. After all we still see new databases and SQL engines every year. Eventually, one will supersede Spark, but I don't think we're there yet. Flink and Beam's selling points are largely around streaming, though Spark 2's structured streaming adds some of this same functionality to Spark, and that's already generally available. From Cloudera's perspective, "Spark still has orders of magnitude more usage, so will be the distributed computation framework in CDH for the foreseeable future," said Owen. "Although there's no formal support for anything else, we dabble in other new projects promiscuously to keep tabs on what's emerging. For example, Cloudera's Marton Balassi is a Flink committer, and Cloudera contributed the initial Spark-Beam integration." Davor Bonaci, a software engineer at Google and the project management committee chair for Apache Beam, said: "Going forward, we will continue to extend the core abstractions to distill additional complex data processing patterns into intuitive APIs, and, at the same time, enhance the ability to interconnect additional storage/messaging systems and execution engines. Together, we are excited to push forward the state of the art in distributed data processing." Eagle Meanwhile, monitoring software Eagle, originally developed by eBay – which claims to operate one of world's largest Hadoop and Spark platforms – has been announced as a TLP after its donation to the Apache Software Foundation in 2015. Like all of Apache's software, Eagle is open source, and is an analytics tool for identifying security and performance issues "instantly" on big data platforms, including Hadoop, Spark, and NoSQL. Eagle analyses data activities, yarn applications, JMX metrics, and daemon logs for an alert engine that identifies security breaches, performance issues and other similar insights. "Apache Eagle is a great monitoring and alerting solution designed for large-scale distributed environment," said Chad Chun, director of analytics data infrastructure at eBay. "It was originally intended for security monitoring and quickly became a generic solution for allowing domain experts to create their own monitoring applications on top of Eagle." ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 5 Comments More from The Register 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator ApacheCon Out of 30, four retired and only seven have graduated this year 4 Comments Apache, Debian crews patch library with DoS vuln Upgrade your libcommons-fileupload-java package Eurocrats to pore over Apache, KeePass code Million-Euro bug-hunt starts 7 Comments One place to inhale all cloud: Apache Libcloud 1.0 now available Interoperability, hallelujah Oracle happy to let Apache Foundation adopt NetBeans I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of Java devs suddenly cried out in terror 37 Comments Apache Foundation rushes out Arrow as 'Top-Level Project' ... then it took an Arrow to the TLP 13 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals 4 ways to build better apps with secure content services Four powerful digital content services that can help your company transform the way people interact with your content from within your web and mobile apps. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Microsoft sued by staff traumatized by child sex abuse vids stashed on OneDrive accounts Talena wants to be distributed database data management rock A tale of two conferences: AWS storms ahead, HPE seems to flounder Soz fanbois, Apple DIDN'T invent the smartphone after all Igneous ARM CPUs: What if they tossed the blindfold? Sayonara North America: Insurance guy got your back when Office 365 doesn't? Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader What Will Google Buy Next? 12 Potential Targets Why Ruckus Wireless, ST Microelectronics, Splunk, and Nuance Communications could all be on Google's shopping list. By Tiernan Ray Biography May 24, 2014 1:31 a.m. ET With the Nasdaq Composite Index up just 0.2% for the year, and with tech stocks in double-digit declines in recent months, thoughts turn to the amusing parlor game of guessing who might get bought. Of course, there's no guarantee any deals will get done in this environment. Many stocks may now be trading at bargain prices from the viewpoint of a rich acquirer, but that means they're also probably fetching far less than what the target... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Greenpeace gives Apple, Google, Facebook good marks on clean energy By Levi Sumagaysay / January 10, 2017 at 8:45 AM The tech industry’s biggest and most famous companies are also its greenest. Apple, Google and Facebook have again scored the highest marks in Greenpeace’s annual renewable-energy rankings. “We are seeing the tech industry make major strides toward powering the internet with clean energy,” Greenpeace Senior IT Analyst Gary Cook said in a news release about the report Greenpeace released Monday night. Greenpeace, which has tracked the energy performance of leading tech companies since 2009, this year scored the renewable-energy efforts of about 70 websites and apps in the United States, and, for the first time, China and South Korea. Apple, Google and Facebook had the highest marks for the third year in a row, with Apple and Facebook getting an “A” in energy transparency, renewable-energy commitment and sitting policy, energy efficiency and mitigation and renewable procurement. Both companies got a “B” in advocacy. Google got an “A” in all the categories except energy transparency. The three companies also ranked high on Greenpeace’s clean-energy index, which is based on the electricity demand of each company’s data centers (in megawatts) and the amount of renewable electricity that’s used to power it. Apple scored highest, followed by Facebook and Google. In 2015, Apple used 93 percent renewable energy, according to its website. Google last month said it expects to power its offices and data centers worldwide with 100 percent renewable energy by the end of 2017. Facebook’s website says it aims to get to 50 percent renewable energy in 2018. Netflix, Amazon, Twitter and Oracle are among the tech companies with marks that need improvement, according to Greenpeace. The environmental group dinged Netflix and Amazon for their lack of transparency on renewable energy. Both are in the business of video streaming, which Greenpeace said is “a tremendous driver of data demand” that’s projected to reach 80 percent of internet traffic by 2020, according to Cisco’s latest network traffic forecast. The Greenpeace report also calls Amazon Web Services among the least transparent companies. New: AWS emailed a comment to SiliconBeat, saying that it has “many exciting initiatives planned” on its way to getting to 100 percent renewable. “In November 2014 AWS made a long-term commitment to achieve 100 percent renewable energy and in just two years we’ve made strong progress towards that goal,” an AWS spokesman said. “By April 2015 we hit 25 percent renewable, closed 2016 at 45 percent renewable, and have set a goal to reach 50 percent by the end of 2017.” End new. Of Netflix, Greenpeace said: “The company announced in 2015 that it intended to fully offset its carbon footprint, but a closer examination reveals it is likely turning to carbon offsets or unbundled renewable energy credits, which do little to increase renewable energy investment.” SiliconBeat has emailed Netflix for comment but has yet to receive a response. The Greenpeace report (PDF) can be found here.   Photo: The Greenpeace Airship A.E. Bates flies over Facebook headquarters in 2014 with banners reading “Building a Greener Internet” and “Who’s The Next To Go Green?” (George Nikitin/Greenpeace) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: amazon, Apple, clean energy, facebook, Google, greenpeace, Netflix, renewable energy   More Posts in Clean Tech Tesla adds fees to Supercharging network January 13, 2017   Tesla adds former Apple exec for Autopilot program January 10, 2017   Tesla cites new ‘Autopilot’ hardware as reason thousands of cars didn’t reach buyers on time January 3, 2017       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts In San Jose, it takes 182 percent of annual income to cover… Google and Facebook gave more to Republicans than to… Chatting with Mountain View’s Lenny Siegel: on… Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Trump’s tweets: L.L. Bean boycott, plus should Mexico…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube More from EG Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine EG Corporate Executive Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Recruiters Update Entry HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory #HRGV2017 HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Supplier Directory News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Charlie HR: The company that encourages staff to be brutally honest Tue, 10 Jan 2017 10:40am GMT Jake Matthews HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Being brutally honest to a colleague is akin to a nightmare for most Brits: but that’s exactly what is starting to happen at Charlie HR. The concept is called ‘radical candour’. It was invented by Kim Scott, a former employee at Google and Apple. She describes it to BuzzFeed: “You have to care personally and challenge directly.” Being direct and not caring personally is “obnoxious aggression”. Scott explains: “If someone says: ‘I’m going to be honest with you’, they’re often about to be obnoxiously aggressive.” But this isn’t the problem. The problem is “ruinous empathy”; failing to have the required courage to say what you think. Scott says: “Ruinous empathy is almost always the problem, everywhere. In every country in the world!” She gives an example of great radical candour. Sheryl Sandberg, who was Google’s Vice President of Global Online Sales and Operations at the time, told Scott after a presentation to Google CEO Eric Schmidt: “I felt like the meeting had gone very well, and I was expecting a high five from Sheryl.” “Sheryl said: ‘You said “um” a lot in there’. And I brushed it off – I thought, if that’s all I did wrong, who cares? And she stopped and said: ‘I can see I’m going to need to be more direct with you. When you say “um” every third word, it makes you sound stupid’. “A lot of people would have said that was mean. But, in fact, it was the kindest thing she could have done for me at that moment. I was in my mid-thirties – why had no one ever told me I had that problem? It’s like going through your whole career with spinach in your teeth.” One meeting at Charlie HR, witnessed by BuzzFeed, starts with the company’s Chief Operating Officer, Ben Gateley, said: “I’ll go first. I had some frank feedback from [CEO Rob O’Donovan] that I’d been defensive in a few situations where I was challenged. It was really good to have that flagged to me.” O’Donovan went next: “I had feedback berating me for sending really long emails. Sorry. I’ll try and be clearer and more concise.” Chris Butcher, Lead Software Engineer, said: “I got some pretty savage feedback,” he says. “I’m paraphrasing here, but I’ve been told that what I say is quite s*** and I should stop moping around like a big goth.” Everyone laughed, but not because it wasn’t true. Butcher told BuzzFeed after the meeting: “I’m not usually a mopey goth. But I have been the last couple of weeks.” The feedback isn’t hard to take, either: “I Iove it! I like it to be raw. The more outlandish it is, and the more passion and strength of feeling there is behind it, the better. For me it shows that the person…trusts me with handling it, and…hasn’t left anything unsaid by the end of it. Imagine if you could run your personal relationships like that? Imagine if you could say to your girlfriend: ‘I f****** hate the way you do that. It’s a real bummer’. You’d feel so good afterwards. I quite like the idea of it being in all aspects of your life.” O’Donovan said that it was “a bit weird” at first: “People are used to having awkward conversations and not being able to walk past each other in the corridor afterwards. Whereas here it’s like: Bang, we’re happy families again.” What do you think? Will you be introducing radical candour in your workplace? Let us know in the comments below.   View Comments Features The 10 most stressful jobs of 2017 13/01/2017 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR on the weekend: La La Land, Mad Hatter's Tea Party & The Create Club 12/01/2017 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Olympian Alex Danson: Why a mentoring scheme can help you win 10/01/2017 4 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd New banking whistleblowing rules to increase accountability 10/01/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Interserve’s HR Director - Commercial, Scott Hill on managing inherited teams 10/01/2017 16 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Ways to improve workplace wellbeing in 2017 06/01/2017 22 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Livingstone's Director, James Local on what to expect from the apprenticeship levy 06/01/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR on the weekend: A Monster Calls, Beatrix Potter at V&A and Ed Sheeran's album 06/01/2017 4 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Everything employers need to know about the potential impact of Brexit 05/01/2017 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 rules to remember to retain your EU workforce 04/01/2017 8 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Sweden's six-hour day deemed “too expensive” 04/01/2017 8 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The 10 feelings of going back to work after Christmas 03/01/2017 26 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR on the weekend: Little Feast, Passengers & Crisis... 22/12/2016 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd HR Grapevine Advent Calendar: Organising Santa's pension 21/12/2016 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Read More What will keep HR up at night this year HRDs who are becoming insomniac may need to have a... 13/01/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 'You win some, you lose some' - Domino's worker allegedly sacked by text A Domino’s employee is claiming that she was... 13/01/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Card Factory appoints Group HR Director Card Factory has appointed a new Group HR Director... 13/01/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why are Japanese businesses adopting adult men? In Japan 98% of adoptions are adult men aged between... 12/01/2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 00:23 Sandwich chain employee investigated after video of 'dough skipping rope' goes viral Employees at the franchise are being investigated following... 12/01/2017 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Microsoft sued by ex-staff who say they were left with PTSD after working there Microsoft is being sued by a pair of former employees... 12/01/2017 4 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Comments (2) Have your say Big Dog 5 days ago This is inspirational thinking from Charlie HR, and is a fresh and constructive approach to engaging employee's and pushing employee's to realise their potential, whilst also cutting out what can be described as the office cliche's that are often thrown around between colleagues attempting to be politically correct in their criticism, feedback, also not wanting to incur the wrath of an 'old school' HR approach to management for unprofessionalism in the workplace. A bit of Radical Candour would go along way in my workplace. Annie 5 days ago I want to work for Charlie HR. In my organisation, senior management are constantly quoting "organisational behaviours and values". It is totally disingenuous, and the end result is a lot of unhappy employees griping at the water cooler; whilst the talented leave for a better work environment. Guide to HR Technology From chaos came calm How to unite staff using technology HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Rallying the troops How Technology can help HR put the right people in the right places HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How can technology support equality and diversity within recruitment? Emerging advancements in HR technologies have revolutionised many practices beyond... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Should we be tracking applicants, or creating better talent relationships? Chances are you have an Applicant Tracking System (ATS). You post jobs, you get applicants,... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Common Misconceptions About Recruitment Software If you have an involvement in HR, it's likely that you'll be no stranger to the... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Missing Business Opportunity Through Poor Document Management Last year, Real Madrid failed to purchase a key target player, Manchester United's... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Delivering business transformation and cost savings through HR Swinton Group is a UK insurance broker with over 4,000 employees based in 350 UK... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd People - the heart of every organisation People aren't important to an organisation. They are the organisation. Not only... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The Wrong Hire! Many firms have experienced making the wrong hiring decision, which often has carried... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Technology and Analytics - an HR Outlook HR technology continues to be on top of the list of forces changing the profession.... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 14 Ways to Take Your Employees Further in 2016 Launching a host of great HR or training and development programmes doesn't necessarily... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Leveraging an Interactive Intranet to Win at Collaboration Today's multigenerational workforce is more educated, more diverse and has higher... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Top Insights 1 Are Appraisal Systems really dead? Actus Software HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Discover how proactive monitoring can improve your HR case management Software Europe HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Talent Management and Mobility: Front and Center Worldwide ERC HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 4 Key Issues Facing In-House Executive Talent Acquisition Teams Invenias HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Going beyond engagement - understanding your culture The Engagement Coach HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Daily news and market insights straight to your inbox Sign up Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features Ask Elva: Is there life outside HR? January 2017 When your chosen profession is HR, it is... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Easy environmental tips for HR to keep staff healthy & happy January 2017 “Office design can be an important part... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why soft skills are at the heart of good business practice January 2017 "We need to drag the concept of soft skills... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to stave off the post-Christmas blues January 2017 Enter 2017 and welcome the January blues HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Is HR shifting away from annual performance reviews? January 2017 The power of conversation to improve productivity... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 42° Share Columnists A chance encounter with the first lady helped me get over impostor syndrome By Sarah Sachs / The Washington Post Tuesday, January 10th, 2017 at 9:53am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........The fall of my junior year, Microsoft hosted a recruiting event on my university’s campus. Hoping for an internship, I was excited to spend a day with potential employers and current employees – until I read the event description: an all-day StarCraft II tournament for “gamers of all levels” to win an Xbox One. It was clear that I was not the target recruit for this event, but I went anyway, to meet people and try to network. When I arrived, I found a dark room of male students and young male software engineers staring at their computers in silence and shouting expletives. No matter how much I tried to make small talk and ask questions (the first being: “What is StarCraft?”), no one wanted to engage. I didn’t belong, and I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to pretend that I liked StarCraft to be a software engineer. I nabbed some free food and went home deciding I wouldn’t fit at Microsoft. But in my mind, I was the problem: I was the impostor, while the guys in that dark room were the “true” software engineers. In 1978, clinical psychologists Pauline Clance and Suzanne Imes first put words to the experience of women who, despite extraordinary academic and professional accomplishments, thought they weren’t deserving of success: impostor syndrome. The phenomenon, which can affect anyone but appears to disproportionately affect high-achieving women and minorities, often creates a cycle of anxiety-induced over-preparation, followed by a denial of personal contribution. It attributes success to luck or unworthy praise and is distinct from low self-esteem. And the effect of phenomenon goes beyond the individual: One study showed that workers who report experiencing impostor syndrome are less likely to go beyond their job requirements (helping colleagues, attending meetings that aren’t mandatory), possibly due to fear of being exposed. Advertisement Continue reading Plenty of extraordinarily successful women have experienced impostor syndrome (Maya Angelou, Kate Winslet, Tina Fey). Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg described her experience in college thusly: “Every time I took a test, I was sure that it had gone badly. Every time I didn’t embarrass myself – or even excelled – I believed that I had fooled everyone yet again. One day soon, the jig would be up.” I could relate. Even though I graduated from a top school, won a prize for my undergraduate thesis and landed a job at Google as a software engineer, that feeling persisted. I tended to find “rational explanations” for my successes. That thesis award? I only got it because I had over-invested time in it, I reasoned. When a co-worker took me to coffee on my first week at Google, he told me how excited he was to start working with me. “You know, our director insisted on hiring you to join our team,” he said. “He told us to make room and you would be incredibly valuable.” Instead of being thrilled, I focused on how the expectations were high and I didn’t want to let people down. I was just someone who managed to sneak her way into a great job. Not all of my worries were of my own making. Women in tech are an anomaly. The percentage of us in software engineering has steadily decreased over the past quarter-century, with these trends looking particularly bad for women of color. I’ve been lucky – I have my mother, a successful academic scientist, to look up to; my professors and teachers have always encouraged me; and Google has been nothing but welcoming, with executives like Jen Fitzpatrick making an effort to support women in the company. But despite being one of the lucky ones who does feel supported, I often look around and realize how alone I am. And occasionally, my experiences remind me that not everyone thinks STEM is for women. I once interviewed at a tech giant where one of their executives had published a popular book about women in the workplace. It was a comically sexist meeting. Upon seeing that I founded a Zumba club as an undergrad, my interviewer pressed me on if I was sure that software engineering was the right field for me. Despite my previous internship experience at Google and a published article on machine learning research, he wanted me to “sell” him that I wanted to do computer science and not dance. I couldn’t imagine anyone asking a man with my experience if he was “sure” he didn’t want to join the MLB because he also played intramural baseball in college. There were parts of me that felt guilty for feeling unsure of my own potential. How could I advocate for promoting women in tech if I couldn’t promote myself? Half of women in STEM fields leave within 12 years. I didn’t want to be one of them. I oscillated between shame and guilt. It wasn’t until a chance encounter with a powerful woman with her own history of self-doubt that I began to see my story differently. My best friend from childhood is a White House staffer and invited me as her guest to the White House staff holiday party. It was quite the offer: I would get to see the East Wing and drink champagne in the Red Room. What I did not realize is that I would also meet Michelle Obama. There she was, the first lady, approaching me in the rope line. I thanked her for encouraging women and girls like me to pursue their interests in science and math. I thanked her for being such an amazing mentor to so many women. I thought she’d smile and move down the line. But she took both my hands, leaned in and said, “It’s you, you’re the mentor.” She told me to keep working hard so that I’ll be on the podium one day, inspiring other young women. “You’re the one who we should be saying thanks to,” she said. I was stunned and nearly brought to tears. Why would I be on the podium? I was used to being the mentee, rationalizing my accomplishments; I looked up to others, I didn’t consider myself a leader. Her comments turned my years of impostor syndrome on their head. The first lady herself has admitted to feeling this impostor syndrome. “There were moments when I had doubts,” she said of being a first-generation college student at Princeton. “At first, I even worried that maybe I just wasn’t as smart as some of my classmates.” Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor echoed her in a talk at Pomona College, adding: “I acknowledge what I’m feeling, because I think the first step in changing anything is being truthful about it. And being truthful enough to say, ‘No, I may not be cultured in the same way [as the other justices]. If you’re comparing yourself to others you’re often going to find yourself short on something, especially if they have a background different from your own. But you’re there for a reason – you’re there to do something that’s unique to you.” I’ve decided to take a new approach. I’m going to accept that I can need to receive support but still be able to give support to those who follow me in our field. I’m going to act like a person I’d want to look up to and pursue the opportunities I’d want for any other person in my job. Michelle Obama didn’t know anything about me when she gave me her advice. But you don’t have to fit the phenotype of a hero to be one. I can still be an exemplary software engineer even though I like Zumba and not StarCraft. There are other people like me looking around to see if they are alone. We aren’t. We belong. – – – Sachs is a software engineer at Google. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Columnists More News Suggested Stories: Review: Siri-like Cortana fills Windows phone gap – Apr 14, 2014 Review: Microsoft Surface Pro finally has laptop feel – Oct 21, 2015 Review: Microsoft Surface Pro finally has laptop feel – Oct 21, 2015 One-on-One with Drew Dolan – Jun 27, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Google set to sell satellite business and cool connectivity ambitions Written by Jamie Davies 5 days ago Google is reportedly continuing its retreat from the connectivity segments via talks to sell its Skybox Imaging satellite business. Sources close to the deal have commented to Bloomberg that execs at holding company Alphabet are currently in discussion with Planet, a satellite imaging start-up, to take Skybox off its books in an equity transaction. Alphabet acquired Skybox is a deal believed to worth in the region of $500 million three years ago, though the equity deal will see its finger remain in the connectivity pie, though exposure would be reduced. The initial purchase of Skybox was to provide more detailed imagery to the Google Maps platform to improve accuracy, though the team did also highlight the network would be used to provide connectivity. It is believed that as part of the deal some of the Skybox staff will be moved over to Planet, though others would be reallocated around the Alphabet business. The ambitious move into the world of connectivity was not only fuelled by the acquisition of Skybox but also notable investments in the Google Fiber business unit, which was put on the shelf during the latter stages of 2016. The move to compete with traditional ISPs was certainly a bold one, though if there was a company with the cash, credibility and cajones to pull it off, it’s Google. The deal has not been confirmed by Alphabet, though it would not come as a huge surprise as there have been signs of this cooling off in recent months. Aside from the Google Fiber shelfing, the team put the brakes on its rollout in California, telling Palo Alto and Mountain View, to explore cheaper alternatives. Wireless broadband is seemingly of particular interest, especially since the acquisition of Webpass, as a substantially cheaper connectivity alternative than laying a fibre network. While this could be viewed as an ominous sign for the Google connectivity ambitions, it might not be the end of the world. Yes, the business is retreating from the idea, but it might simply be a case of now not being the right time. If the development of wireless broadband technology is on track for the Google team, it might well be the case of prioritizing cash outlays for the right time. Irrelevant as to whether this is a case of putting plans on ice or completely retreating from the idea, the whole saga is evidence of why Google is a successful company, and how the fail-fast business model can be a triumph. Google has invested money and time aggressively in the plan but this time it didn’t work out. The fact it hasn’t worked out is not a bad thing, as Google found out quickly. Now the plan can sit on the shelf and wait for the technology to catch up, or the Google team can chalk this one up to a learning experience and prioritize cash else-where. In any case, I wouldn’t read too deeply into the situation; Google is still in a very good place, and it only needs a couple of these ventures to work out to discover a couple of extra billion dollars in revenues. Tags: connectivity, Fail-fast, Google, Wireless Broadband One comment wade4wireless 10/01/2017 @ 2:22 pm Reply Is it possible that Google has realized how expensive this avenue of connectivity is, and maybe they see a wireless connection to the home now that 5G will mature in less than 4 years? Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Google continues retreat from connectivity… or does it? The voice UI era has started and Apple looks out of touch Amazon and Google battle for control of the living room The smartwatch industry continues its futile search for meaning Webinars View all Boosting mobile video quality with analytics 31 January 2017 White Papers View all Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 15 Nov 2016 Events View all FTTH Conference 14-16 February 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Africa 14-15 February 2017 View Event Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event Polls View all On a scale of 1-5, how screwed is net neutrality in the US? 5 (Most screwed) 4 3 2 1 (Not screwed)  Loading ... Twitter View all #O2 denounced for ruining Christmas https://t.co/U7fkH7Hzov #operator #operator #redundancy #restructure 13 January 2017 @ 19:17:26 UTC #WhatsApp faces another privacy PR disaster https://t.co/joWz8EhaZ4 #messaging #security #dataprotection 13 January 2017 @ 19:17:25 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Facebook, Google face strict EU privacy rules that could hit ad revenues Plans to plug “void of protection” could place ad trackers on cookie diet in Europe. Kelly Fiveash (UK) - Jan 10, 2017 3:58 pm UTC Enlarge Getty Images/Urich Baumgartgen reader comments 57 Share this story Online messaging services such as WhatsApp, Skype, and Gmail face a crackdown on a "void of protection" that allows them to routinely track the data of EU citizens without regulatory scrutiny—and it could be bad news for ad sales. On Tuesday, officials in Brussels proposed new measures to curb Silicon Valley players who—up until now—have been largely immune from the ePrivacy Directive, which  requires telecoms operators to adhere to the rules on the confidentiality of communications and the protection of personal data. Further ReadingEU digital privacy law should extend to WhatsApp, Gmail, Skype says public As part of its planned overhaul, the European Commission, the executive wing of the European Union, said that it planned to beef up the measures by switching from a directive to a "directly applicable regulation" to ensure that the bloc's 500 million citizens "enjoy the same level of protection for their electronic communications." It claimed that businesses would also benefit from "one single set of rules." Over-The-Top services such as Facebook's WhatsApp and Google's Gmail can all but ignore the EU's existing rules. The commission said that this needed to change: Important technological and economic developments took place in the market since the last revision of the ePrivacy Directive in 2009. Consumers and businesses increasingly rely on new Internet-based services enabling inter-personal communications such as Voice over IP, instant messaging, and Web-based e-mail services, instead of traditional communications services... Accordingly, the Directive has not kept pace with technological developments, resulting in a void of protection of communications conveyed through new services. The EC is also planning to kill the heavily ridiculed cookies consent pop-up system. It said, in an embarrassing—if long overdue—climbdown that users would be given more control to allow or prevent websites from tracking them depending on "privacy risks." Last summer, a big coalition of tech firms lobbied for the cookie law to be scrapped. Under the new proposal, the commission said: "no consent is needed for non-privacy intrusive cookies improving Internet experience (e.g. to remember shopping cart history). Cookies set by a visited website counting the number of visitors to that website will no longer require consent." But it could also hit the bottom line of Facebook, Google, and chums because tracking consent may be harder to obtain if lots of users reject third party cookies. The commission said that, following public consultation on the issue, 81.2 percent of citizens agreed that obligations should be imposed on "manufacturers of terminal equipment to market products with privacy-by-default settings activated." It also warned that "additional costs" could hit some Web browser makers because they would be required to develop software with privacy settings built in. The new proposals also call on consent to process electronic communications metadata, such as device location data to allow for the "purposes of granting and maintaining access and connection to the service," the commission said. It means that telcos "will have more opportunities to use data and provide additional services." Translation: new ways to make more cash. Companies that flout confidentiality of communications rules face fines of up to four percent of their global annual turnover, under the commission's planned e-privacy measures—the same penalty that will be dished out to firms that violate the EU's General Data Protection Regulation, which comes into action in April 2018. Further ReadingMassive EU data protection overhaul finally approved "The European data protection legislation adopted last year sets high standards for the benefit of both EU citizens and companies," said EC justice chief Věra Jourová. "Today we are also setting out our strategy to facilitate international data exchanges in the global digital economy and promote high data protection standards worldwide." But the latest proposals cannot become law until the bloc's 28 member states and the European Parliament agree to wave them through—leaving plenty of wiggle room for industry lobbying. Separately, the commission is seeking views from the public on how to best tackle data mining as part of its Digital Single Market strategy. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Kelly Fiveash Kelly is News Editor at Ars Technica UK. She cut her teeth as an IT helpdesk bod, before moving into the world of tech journalism in 2006. She's a Londoner who loves tiny dogs, loud guitars, and messy tacos. Email kelly.fiveash@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @kellyfiveash reader comments 57 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Register Log in | Register Jobs24 Localsearch24 FamilyNotices24 Homes24 Drive24 MyDate24 MyPhotos24 Classifieds youtube google plus twitter facebook useful links Search Search Term Search Advanced search Eastern Daily Press Toggle navigation Home E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Testimonials Send Us a Story IPSO Buy a Photo Reader Travel Family Notices Shop Edit Account E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Send Us a Story IPSO Buy a Photo Reader Travel Family Notices Shop Edit Account News Crime Politics Health ExCel Appeal Norfolk GPs Mental Health Watch Norfolk Care Homes Education Ofsted Map Future Voices Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Crime Politics Health Education Jobs Environment Tech Tourism Nostalgia Obituaries Weather Videos Royal Norfolk Show Sport Norwich City Lowestoft Town Kings Lynn Town Kings Lynn Stars Local Football Rugby Youth Sport Boxing Cricket Motorsport MMA Pink 'Un Norwich City Lowestoft Town Kings Lynn Town Kings Lynn Stars Local Football Rugby Youth Sport Boxing Cricket Motorsport MMA Pink 'Un Business Business News National Opinion Farming Apprenticeships Energy Budget Future 50 Green 100 Top 100 Business Extra Archive Business News National Opinion Farming Apprenticeships Energy Budget Future 50 Green 100 Top 100 Business Extra Archive Going Out Search Listings Submit Listing Food and Drink Comedy Theatre Music Art & Exhibitions Days Out Search Listings Submit Listing Food and Drink Comedy Theatre Music Art & Exhibitions Days Out Features Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History Your Town Attleborough Aylsham Beccles Bungay Cromer Dereham Diss Downham Market Fakenham Gorleston Great Yarmouth Holt Hunstanton King's Lynn Lowestoft North Walsham Norwich Sheringham Swaffham Thetford Watton Wells-next-the-Sea Wisbech Wroxham and Broads Wymondham Attleborough Aylsham Beccles Bungay Cromer Dereham Diss Downham Market Fakenham Gorleston Great Yarmouth Holt Hunstanton King's Lynn Lowestoft North Walsham Norwich Sheringham Swaffham Thetford Watton Wells-next-the-Sea Wisbech Wroxham and Broads Wymondham Opinion News Sport Business Film and Theatre News Sport Business Film and Theatre Property Property news Features Hot properties Ask our expert Property news Features Hot properties Ask our expert Jobs Motoring Road tests and news Motoring News Live traffic map Fatal crashes map Drive24 Road tests and news Motoring News Live traffic map Fatal crashes map Drive24 Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History Quizzes Lifestyle Pets Heritage Travel Bride Magazine Family History The top 5 things people ask Google about Norwich Courtney Pochin courtney.pochin@archant.co.uk @courtneypochin 10 January, 2017 - 14:51 'Welcome to Norwich a Fine City' sign. Picture: Denise Bradley Archant In this technologically driven age, when people want to know something they turn to Google for help. Here’s a look at the top five things people have been asking about the fine city and the answers the search engine provides: Share 5 Comments Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Our fine city of Norwich from St James Hill. Photo: Peter Dent/Citizenside.com Why is Norwich great? Type the words ‘why is Norwich’ into Google and this is the first search suggestion you’ll receive. Click on the question and you’ll instantly be bombarded with articles and listicles about Norwich being the best student city or one of the happiest places to work in. Have a browse and Google’s results will surely provide a sufficient answer, but to really understand what makes it so great, you’d need to experience the city off the screen, so if you’ve never been to Norwich and this is something you’ve been wondering, come and visit - we don’t bite. via GIPHY Why is Norwich called Norwich? The second most popular question is all about the origins of the city’s name, which is rather unsurprising given the struggle many people have with its pronunciation (we’ve all undoubtedly heard someone call it Nor-witch at one point or another). A quick search will reveal all you need to know about the history of the city, namely that it had humble beginnings as a small Anglo-Saxon settlement on the River Wensum between the 5th and 7th centuries and in time grew into a town known as Northwic, with wic being an Anglo-Saxon suffix signifying an area where artisanal activity and trade are supplied from outside, such as a port. via GIPHY Why is Norwich City called the Canaries? The Canaries are as much a part of Norwich life as The Puppet Man and real ale, but it’s clear that very few of us know where the team’s nickname actually stems from, so it’s Google to the rescue once again! Curious minds might be interested to learn that the club was originally known as the Citizens when they formed in 1902, at which time they played in blue and white shirts. This name stuck for a few years, before it was switched to The Canaries in April 1905 after the local area became well known as a centre for the breeding and export of canaries. People’s Weekly Journal were the first to refer to NCFC as the “canaries”, with national press picking up the name later on in 1907. Inspired by the new nickname, the club ditched their previous kits in favour of bright yellow shirts and the following season The Canaries well and truly took flight on the pitch. via GIPHY Why is Norwich a UNESCO city of Literature? Good question! Norwich has an extensive history with literature, with many of our local writers (such as Julian of Norwich and Phillip Pullman), having had great impact on the written world. Because of this and the fact that the city is home to five percent of the UK’s independent publishing as well as an abundance of libraries, book shops, museums, theatres and galleries, Writers’ Centre Norwich took it upon themselves in 2012 to lead a bid for the city to become England’s first UNESCO City of Literature, and were successful, adding Norwich to a prestigious network made up of only twenty other cities across the world. via GIPHY Why is Norwich a fine city? The welcome signs that countless drivers pass each day proclaim Norwich to be a fine city, people on the street refer to it this way and I’ve undoubtedly written it one too many times in this piece already, but where did the saying come from? The answer is simple, it is a quote stolen from Lavengro: The Scholar, the Gypsy, the Priest, an 1851 novel by East Dereham-born writer George Borrow, in which he includes the following description of Norwich: “a fine old city, truly, is that, view it from whatever side you will; but it shows best from the east, where the ground, bold and elevated, overlooks the fair and fertile valley in which it stands.” via GIPHY • Is there anything you’ve ever wanted to know about Norwich? Let us know in the comments below. Keywords: United Kingdom Norwich Norwich City Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Sign in to leave your comment 5 comments Another NON ARTICLE!!! Please get rid of these useless, so-called journalists! Add your comment | Report this comment Edith Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Archant - I see you have replaced Thomas Paine with Philip Pullman! Hardly a comparison, but a name is a name I suppose. Add your comment | Report this comment POGAl Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Incredibly underwhelming? Wash your mouth out. Add your comment | Report this comment a fine city Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Please god, can Archant journalists give the 'fine city' tag a rest. It was used once by Borrow in the 19th century. Let it go! It's incredibly underwhelming. Add your comment | Report this comment JSmith Tuesday, January 10, 2017 I thought Thomas Paine was from Thetford, not Norwich. Add your comment | Report this comment POGAl Tuesday, January 10, 2017 The views expressed in the above comments do not necessarily reflect the views of this site Comments Welcome , please leave your message below. Comments Photo Optional - JPG files only Description Audio Optional - MP3 files only Description Video Optional - 3GP, AVI, MOV, MPG or WMV files Description Submit Comments Please log in to leave a comment and share your views with other Eastern Daily Press visitors. We enable people to post comments with the aim of encouraging open debate. Only people who register and sign up to our terms and conditions can post comments. These terms and conditions explain our house rules and legal guidelines. Comments are not edited by Eastern Daily Press staff prior to publication but may be automatically filtered. If you have a complaint about a comment please contact us by clicking on the Report This Comment button next to the comment. Email address Password Login Forgotten your password? Not a member yet? Register to create your own unique Eastern Daily Press account for free. Signing up is free, quick and easy and offers you the chance to add comments, personalise the site with local information picked just for you, and more. Sign up now facebook youtube twitter google plus Most Read Car goes into water at Reedham Ferry 30mph sign near one of Norfolk’s most prolific speed cameras has still not been replaced Two arrested after police stop car in Norwich Police say reported sighting of aircraft coming down near Thetford most likely the result of military exercise Love letter or suicide note? Mystery surrounds message in a bottle found on north Norfolk beach Featured Pages Most Commented Russell Martin on Nelson’s red, Howson’s knock, Neil’s instructions and City’s top-six hope Latest from the EDP 30mph sign near one of Norfolk’s most prolific speed cameras has still not been replaced Love letter or suicide note? Mystery surrounds message in a bottle found on north Norfolk beach Calls for pubs to help make this year’s Norwich City of Ale festival the best yet Car goes into water at Reedham Ferry Reports the Duke of Cambridge could leave East Anglian Air Ambulance this summer Overcast max temp: 5°C min temp: 1°C Five-day forecast Listen to the latest weather forecast HOT JOBS Civil Engineers East Job details Civil Engineers East Job details Accounts Bookkeeper Fakenham Job details Quantity Surveyor/Buyer Lowestoft Job details Female Support Workers Thetford Job details Care Support Workers Gorleston Job details Hairdresser and Beauty Therapist Norfolk Job details PR Communications and Funding Raising Officer Fakenham Job details Office Administrator Norwich Job details Telehandler / Plant Operator Norwich Job details Carpenters Norwich Job details Live-in House-person Norfolk Job details Qualified Plumber/ Heating Engineer Great Yarmouth Job details Registered Nurses Suffolk Job details Nursing Assistants Suffolk Job details Community Care Assistants Suffolk Job details Matron Suffolk Job details Female Support Workers Great Yarmouth Job details Personal Assistant Halesworth Job details Female Care Assistant Diss Job details Norfolk Urban Peregrines Project Assistant Fakenham Job details Volunteers Fakenham Job details Accountant Norfolk Job details Care Staff Lowestoft Job details Personal Assistant Norfolk Job details Senior Administrator North Walsham Job details Car Sales Executives Norwich Job details Multi Skilled Engineers St Neots Job details Folder/Gluer Operators Wisbech Job details Caretaker Norwich Job details Sales Officer Norwich Job details Sales Adviser/Administrator Wells-next-the-sea Job details Volunteer Coordinator Norfolk Job details Weeting Heath Summer Warden Thetford Job details County Wildlife Action: Training Officer Norwich Job details Seasonal Education Officers Norfolk Job details Seasonal Visitor Centre Coordinators Norfolk Job details Weeting Heath Visitor Centre Assistant Thetford Job details Seasonal Car Park Attendant Blakeney Job details Catering Positions Hunstanton Job details Multi Skilled Engineers Wisbech Job details Poultry Worker Norfolk Job details Estate Maintenance Person Brandon Job details Home Support Bungay Job details Nurse Practitioner or Independent Prescriber Norwich Job details HGV / 7.5ton Drivers & Removal Porters Brandon Job details Animal Manager Norfolk Job details Personal Assistant(s) Norfolk Job details Apprentice Dental Nurse Great Yarmouth Job details Support Worker Norfolk Job details Financial Planning Administrator Norwich Job details Senior Bookkeeper Harleston Job details Bricklayer Wymondham Job details Coffee Shop Deputy Manager Norfolk Job details Nurture HLTA Norfolk Job details PA to Managing Director Lowestoft Job details Assistant Site Manager Norwich Job details Teacher of Maths Norfolk Job details Apprentice Dental Nurse Lowestoft Job details Motor Insurance Claims Norfolk Job details Cabinet Maker/ Bench Joiner Fakenham Job details Technician/Service Engineer and Assembly Technician Fakenham Job details Patient Services / Telephone Triage Norfolk Job details Manufacturing Production Supervisors Norfolk Job details Gardener/Handy Person Norfolk Job details Support Worker/ Companion Norfolk Job details Motor Insurance Sales Diss Job details Trainee Parts Advisor Norfolk Job details Sheet Metal Worker / Fabricator Great Yarmouth Job details New/ Used Sales Executive Great Yarmouth Job details Buyer Norfolk Job details Fully Skilled Time Served Machinist Great Yarmouth Job details Workshop Technicians Norwich Job details Independent Financial Advisers King's Lynn Job details Cleaner Norfolk Job details Night-Time Concierge Norfolk Job details Production Manager Injection Moulding Department Norfolk Job details Manager/Development Officer Diss Job details JIB Approved Electrician & JIB Electrician Norfolk Job details Administrator/ Stores Controller Great Yarmouth Job details Pre-Press Mac Operator Norfolk Job details Customer Service Manager Beccles Job details HGV Drivers Norfolk Job details Roadside Vehicle Technicians Norfolk Job details Dining Room Assistant Lowestoft Job details Senior Night Care Assistant Lowestoft Job details On-Site Wardens Holt Job details Maintenance Operatives Holt Job details Reception and Reservation Team Members Holt Job details Accommodation Cleaners / Housekeeping Holt Job details Shop Assistants / Supervisors Holt Job details Kitchen Porters / Kitchen Team Holt Job details Bar & Waiting Staff Holt Job details Skilled Arable Operator Dereham Job details Manufacturing Production Supervisors Norwich Job details HEAD RECEPTIONIST Norfolk Job details HOTEL RECEPTIONIST Norfolk Job details Night Care Assistants Norfolk Job details Cook Norfolk Job details Experienced Pig Stockperson Eye Job details Cleaner Thorpe St. Andrew Job details Stylist Gorleston Job details Gardener Norfolk Job details Experienced HGV Technician Norfolk Job details Qualified Nurses Gorleston Job detailsPreviousNext Show Job Lists Keywords: Location: Search Digital Edition Enjoy the EDP digital edition Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Email Address* Name* I'm happy to get emails about Archant products and services I'm happy to get emails from Archant's trusted partners Please agree to the terms and conditions Join More from Us Contact Us Send a Story Advertise with Us E-Edition Subscribe with Us Buy and Sell More Great Content Homes24 Jobs24 Drive24 Local Dating Buy Photos Family Notices Classifieds EDP Weddings Localsearch24 Reader Travel EDP Cottages Let's Talk Broads Magazine The PinkUn Magazine 2016 calendar The New European News Crime Politics Health Education Environment Obituaries Weather Sport Norwich City Columnists Lowestoft Town FC Kings Lynn FC Cricket Kings Lynn Stars Pink 'Un Business Business News Farming Opinion Diary Future 50 Top100 What's On Search Listings Submit Listing Eating Out or Eating In Pub of the Week Film & Cinema Music Comedy Theatre Art & Exhibitions Days Out Useful links Contact Us How to Complain Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contributor's charter © 2017 Archant Community Media Ltd
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Voice Revamp Is Coming Soon, Google Confirms  Sanket Vijayasarathy, 10 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Google Voice app hasn't seen any significant update since 2014 A number of people reported seeing a banner on the Google Voice site Google said banner was a bit premature, but it wasn't a mistake Seeing as how 2016 saw a number of new services from Google, including Allo and Duo, it's easy to forget about the old yet useful Google Voice app. Since its integration with Hangouts in late 2014, the Google Voice app hasn't seen any significant updates. However, you may very well seen a brand new version of the app this year, Google revealed. A number of people reported seeing a banner on the Google Voice site which read "The new Google Voice is here." Clicking on the "Try Now" option, however, did not result in anything different and simply reloaded the page to the same old version. A keen eye will spot "redirection" mentioned in the URL, which means the new version is in the works. To turn speculation into fact, Google confirmed to 9to5Google that the banner was a bit premature, but it wasn't a mistake. The company is indeed working on new updates which will come soon. "Sorry, it looks like we must have dialled the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call. We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can," Google said in a statement. Google Voice is still available as a standalone app, but users are more likely to use the feature with the Hangouts app. Hangouts in its turn is slowly moving into the shadows with the entry of Allo and Duo. It was clear since late last year that Google would focus on its newest apps over Hangouts when in October it was reported that Hangouts will not be a mandatory pre-installed app on Android from December 1, 2016. The company stated the move did not signal the end of Hangouts, but would simply be available as an optional app. However, Hangouts' fate is a lot more uncertain after Google revealed last week that it would be shutting down its Hangouts API via an update in the Hangouts FAQ page. While nothing is known at the moment as to what the new Google Voice update will bring, it is likely that Google is now focusing on integrating Voice with Allo and Duo, and we may see the result of that soon enough. Tags: Google, Google Voice, Google Voice Update, Apps, Hangouts Sanket Vijayasarathy Email Sanket When not indulging in reading or writing, Sanket fanboys over The Flash, Star Wars, Coldplay, and U2. A techie by day and TV show junkie by night, he believes both go ... More Windows 10 Preview Build 15002 Brings Deferred Updates, Night Mode, and Much More NES Classic Edition Console Hacked to Add More Games Google Voice Revamp Is Coming Soon, Google Confirms MESSAGE Sanket Vijayasarathy Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 New Samsung Galaxy A Series Said to Go on Sale in Russia, Price Revealed Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild 6GB RAM Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Telegraph Connect Small business Home About Membership Business support Innovation Business networks Business solutions Tech Starting up Sales Marketing Finance More Telegraph Telegraph Connect Small business Business solutions How to sell online – ways to get started at your SME In association with Sign up now Getting online isn't just simple and cheap; it’s also good for business Credit: John Lamb Anne Cassidy 10 January 2017 • 3:30pm It's easier and cheaper than many small businesses believe to trade products online – here are some helpful tools and advice. Our collective obsession with the internet grows stronger every year. UK adults are online for 25 hours a week, up from nine in 2005, according to a recent Ofcom report. And consumers also spend almost £1 in every £5 of their shopping budget online. Yet the digital revolution seems to have passed many business owners by. More than a half of small businesses in the UK still don’t have a website, claimed a study last year by RedShift Research and GoDaddy. The reasons for not venturing online ranged from not having enough time, to a belief that the cost would be prohibitive and that business growth would suffer as a result. The reality is that getting online is not only simple and cheap (and in many cases, free); it’s also good for business. If you’re thinking about setting up your virtual stall, but not sure where or how to begin, here are some tips. Pick the right online environment There’s a place on the web for every type of business, so the first decision to make is where works best for you. Instead of hosting their own website, many small businesses selling consumer goods live within the big online marketplaces, such as Amazon, eBay, Etsy and Notonthehighstreet.com. Google Analytics is probably the most important thing you can installLynsey Sweales, SocialB Businesses also operate through social platforms such as Facebook or Instagram to leverage their power and reach. Emma Jones, founder of business network Enterprise Nation, says: “Facebook is a brilliant tool, first of all because 2 billion people are already there, but you can also use the platform to target potential customers incredibly well.” Many different types of businesses started out as just a blog, such as clothes maker Tilly & The Buttons. You can also reach people online by simply getting your business listed on a digital directory such as Yell or Yelp. You don’t have to be a tech wizard to build a website Even the most tech phobic can create a slick online hub with the help of website builders such as WordPress or Squarespace, which provide a drag-and-drop design interface, making the whole process easier. The website templates offered by these sites also come with third-party plug-ins, which allow for the addition of email services such as MailChimp and e-commerce platforms such as WooCommerce. Website builders can also act as an outsourced tech department, making sure your site stays up and is well optimised for a small monthly fee. Be mobile friendly Your website needs to be mobile friendly, not only to reach consumers on the go, but to stay on the right side of Google’s search rankings. The site should also be easily navigable, present a clear call to action for visitors, direct them to your social media channels, and (ideally) offer regular content, such as blogs and photos. It should also showcase your business credibility, so if you’re a member of an accredited industry body, advertise that fact. Embedding a newsletter or mailing list sign-up form is a good way to build a database of customers. Ms Jones also advises choosing “.com” as a domain to boost credibility and add global appeal. She points to Solar Buddies and Jimmy’s Iced Coffee as examples of well-designed small business owner sites. Your website should be mobile-friendly to reach customers on the go Credit: Caiaimage/Tom Merton Maximise your SEO potential A good way to identify keywords to use on your site, and improve search engine optimisation (SEO), is to ask your customers what they would type into Google to find you. Hosting a blog that search engines and your readers will engage with also helps. Lynsey Sweales, chief executive at digital marketing agency, SocialB, advises using Google Keyword Planner as a guide and installing Google Analytics to find out where your visitors are coming from, and how long they spend on your site. “Google Analytics is probably the most important thing you can install,” she says. Accept online payments If you’re building your site with the help of a website template, you will be provided with payment plug-ins, allowing you to add a button from an online payment provider such as PayPal. But remember: collecting sensitive data such, as credit cards details, online requires an SSL Certificate to authenticate the identity of your website and encrypt the data that's being transmitted. A blog brings your business to life Having a blog on your website not only benefits your SEO, it brings your business to life, says Ms Sweales. “The key to blogging is: don’t sell.” For ideas on what to blog about, she says to think about topics that your customers will be interested in and fall into to your area of expertise. If finding the time to blog is a challenge, remember that posts can be kept short. Author Seth Godin's daily blog features posts that are sometimes a few lines long. “Post little and often,” Ms Jones says. Socialise your business Being active on platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn is a great way to build your following and share your expertise. However, choosing where to begin can be a challenge. “The question we get a lot from small business owners is: which platform I should use?” says Ms Jones. “My advice is to start out doing a little bit on all of them and measure what’s working, and where people are navigating to on your website. You can do all of that using Google Analytics.” Know your legal and data protection obligations Your site must state your business’s terms and conditions and, if you’re selling products online, your customers will need to see that you’ve signed up to rules such as the Consumer Contracts Regulations, which protects their rights when buying from you. Legal templates can be downloaded from providers such as Clickdocs. It’s also worth checking out your competitors’ websites for guidance on the terms and conditions to include. As a website owner, you must be transparent about cookies on your website and, where possible, obtain visitors’ consent to use them. Businesses that handle customer data need to register with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Has your small business embraced online trading? Share your tips and experiences in the comments section below Follow Telegraph Small Business Connect NEW STORIES FROM SMALL BUSINESS CONNECT 13 Jan 2017, 10:00am How have small businesses fared since Brexit? 12 Jan 2017, 3:00pm How to upskill your small business in 2017 11 Jan 2017, 4:20pm My resolutions for being a better entrepreneur in 2017 11 Jan 2017, 3:20pm Easy ways to protect your business from cyber attacks 10 Jan 2017, 1:00pm How to improve your business networking game 10 Jan 2017, 10:00am A good work-life balance means being free to run your life Interview 09 Jan 2017, 3:00pm Happn creator: How do I come up with great ideas? Reading 09 Jan 2017, 12:00pm Cider brand tastes success by bringing visitors behind the scenes 06 Jan 2017, 1:00pm Quick, easy and affordable 'al desko' lunch recipes 05 Jan 2017, 3:09pm Small changes to boost workplace productivity every day More from Small Business 13 Jan 2017, 10:00am How have small businesses fared since Brexit? 12 Jan 2017, 3:00pm How to upskill your small business in 2017 11 Jan 2017, 4:20pm My resolutions for being a better entrepreneur in 2017 11 Jan 2017, 3:20pm Easy ways to protect your business from cyber attacks 10 Jan 2017, 1:00pm How to improve your business networking game 10 Jan 2017, 10:00am A good work-life balance means being free to run your life Interview 09 Jan 2017, 3:00pm Happn creator: How do I come up with great ideas? Reading 09 Jan 2017, 12:00pm Cider brand tastes success by bringing visitors behind the scenes 06 Jan 2017, 1:00pm Quick, easy and affordable 'al desko' lunch recipes 05 Jan 2017, 3:09pm Small changes to boost workplace productivity every day 05 Jan 2017, 12:20pm Embracing technology can give corner shops an edge 04 Jan 2017, 1:10pm How to make the most of face-to-face meetings Interview 03 Jan 2017, 11:00am Lesara's Roman Kirsch on how to build a fashion empire 03 Jan 2017, 10:00am My New Year's Resolution for business in 2017? Be kind 29 Dec 2016, 2:20pm How to encourage innovation at your business 29 Dec 2016, 11:30am Cut out jealousy if you want to outsmart competitors 28 Dec 2016, 1:10pm Boxing Day floods: the story of an SME one year on 22 Dec 2016, 12:30pm Peer-to-peer lending: what can it offer SMEs? 22 Dec 2016, 11:30am Supplying big business: how SMEs can get in on the game 20 Dec 2016, 4:00pm What preparations should SMEs make for 2017? If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones Google VR Virtual Reality Is your smartphone Daydream-ready? Full list of every compatible device so far Google reveals what specs your smartphone needs to work with its VR Daydream headset. By Oliver Cragg January 10, 2017 15:30 GMT What makes a smartphone Daydream-ready?Google Google has cast further light on what features a smartphone requires to make use of its Daydream virtual reality platform. As well as clearing up some of the uncertainty, Google has also welcomed a new batch of Daydream-ready devices from various smartphone makers. While a previously released Android Nougat 7.1 update document established a number of necessary device specs for Daydream-courting smartphones, VP of Business and Operations for Google VR, Amit Singh, has further explained the magic formula seen in Google's own Pixel smartphones. "The combination of performance needs a few things in the stack," Singh told VRHeads. "The right GPU, Android N and above, and OLED display. There are others, but you need that spec for high performance. If you don't, your latency is high enough that you'll notice it, and that immersion is broken and that's not a good experience." The necessity of an OLED panel explains away much of the confusion surrounding Daydream's level of entry; previously it had only been noted that the display's resolution must be 1080p or above, but with no mention of a required panel type. With a new batch of devices from the Android elite expected in 2017, it will be intriguing to see if the OLED requirement has put paid to Daydream fun for any of the manufacturers – including Samsung, LG and HTC – that loosely pledged support when the platform was announced at the last Google IO in May 2016. Google's take on its new platform arrived in the UK last November in the form of the impressive £69 Daydream View, with the Google Pixel and Pixel XL becoming the first to adopt the mobile VR tech. Since then, however, the adoption rate has been rather slow. Yet with a second Daydream VR headset manufactured by the Chinese smartphone-maker Huawei on the horizon, the availability of Daydream has started to grow. For those looking to nab a new phone that will operate Google's VR ecosystem, below are all the smartphones confirmed as Daydream-ready devices so far. IBTimes UK will update this list as more are announced. Google Daydream-compatible smartphones: Asus ZenFone AR Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL Huawei Mate 9 Pro Moto Z and Moto Z Force ZTE Axon 7 More from IBTimes UK The ten best VR headsets for all budgets Google Daydream View best apps & games: Fantastic Beasts, EarthShape, YouTube VR and more How to set up Google Daydream View with Pixel or Pixel XL smartphones Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is leaving for Snapchat Lynton was an early investor in Snapchat and has been on the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
On Air: Mon - Fri 12-6:30am, Sat & Sun 12-7am Best of Newstalk The very best of today's programming Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Apple named world's greenest tech company Its planned Galway data centre would run 100% on renewables, as is standard practice for the company now... Business & Tech 14:50 10 Jan 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 5 days ago Greenpeace has declared Apple to be the most environmentally-friendly tech company in the world in its latest Clicking Clean report. It secured the top spot for the third year on the bounce, fending off strong competition from Facebook and Google, who also scored 'A' grades. Apple came out with a clean energy index score of 83%, compared to Facebook's 67% and Google's 56%. Greenpeace's index measures the amount of energy that firms use from renewable sources and hydroelectric power. On top of this, it assesses the company's transparency when it comes to energy sourcing and planning and the clean energy advocacy work they put in. With data centre energy currently using roughly 7% of the world's electricity, the iPhone maker has been at the forefront of ensuring that its facilities are running completely on renewables. The report stated: “We actually are seeing a significant increase in the prioritisation of renewables among some of the largest internet companies. "We have witnessed leaders such as Google, Apple, Facebook, eBay, and now Switch using their influence to push vendors, utilities, and governments to create access to renewable energy where previously there was none.” Greenpeace had previously publicly slammed the likes of Apple, Amazon and Facebook for the use of “dirty coal” at their data centres, but give a more approving, optimistic tone in the latest report: “The past year has seen a significant jump as fifteen data centre operators and major internet companies have embraced the importance of powering their rapidly growing operations with renewable energy. "“The race to build a renewably powered internet started with digital platform leaders such as Facebook, Apple, and Google who first made 100% renewable commitments four years ago and have now been joined by nearly 20 internet companies, including global cloud and colocation companies who had previously been lagging far behind.” Conversely, Greenpeace singled out East Asian internet companies as a cause for concern. Apple in Athenry In December, Apple CEO Tim Cook revealed that the company ran its "business on 100% renewable energy". Google is aiming to hit that target this year. Apple's planned – and much-delayed – €850m data centre in Athenry, Co Galway, is set to follow that totally clean model if it gets the go-ahead. The company has also agreed to a number of conditions, committing to planting hundreds of acres of deciduous trees to offset the environmental impact of the construction and establishing a €1m fund for ocean energy testing in Galway. One of the people objecting to the proposals, a Wicklow landowner, had raised concerns about the effect on the forestry at the Coillte-owned lands at Derrydonnell. Peter Feeney, a Fine Gael councillor and 'Athenry for Apple' member, told Newstalk Breakfast last November: "Ironically, there'll be more trees and better quality trees when Apple is finished than when they started, because it is a cutaway forest – effectively more than half of the 500 acres is cut away at this stage." 14:50 10 Jan 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 5 days ago 3 Related articles Apple's Tim Cook will not appear before Oireachtas Finance Committee Ireland is more ready for a cashless society than you might think Apple pulls New York Times from China App Store most popular latest sport The most expensive street in Ireland has been named "I was pissed off": Dublin club footballer fuming that GAA player-coach contract was leaked onto social media Senegal beat Tunisia 2-0 in the African Nations Cup Brendan Rodgers aiming to keep Celtic progressing in 2017 site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Best of Newstalk × The very best of today's programming Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Register Log in | Register Jobs24 Localsearch24 FamilyNotices24 Homes24 Drive24 Reader Travel MyDate24 MyPhotos24 Classifieds twitter facebook useful links Evening News Norwich Now Search Search Term Search Advanced search Norwich Weather Overcast max temp: 5°C min temp: 1°C Five-day forecast Toggle navigation Home Job Stories E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Testimonials Send Us a Story IPSO Code of Practice Family Notices Buy a Photo Edit Account Job Stories E-edition Contact Us Advertise with Us Send Us a Story IPSO Code of Practice Family Notices Buy a Photo Edit Account News Crime Politics Technology Business Health Mental Health Watch Education Local Life Crime Politics Technology Business Health Education Local Life Sport Norwich City Other Sport Norwich City Other Sport What's On Going Out in Norwich Search Listings Submit a Listing Going Out in Norwich Search Listings Submit a Listing Views Videos Jobs Motoring Motoring News New Car Road Tests Motorsport Motoring News New Car Road Tests Motorsport Property Weather The top 5 things people ask Google about Norwich Courtney Pochin courtney.pochin@archant.co.uk @courtneypochin 10 January, 2017 - 14:51 'Welcome to Norwich a Fine City' sign. Picture: Denise Bradley Archant In this technologically driven age, when people want to know something they turn to Google for help. Here’s a look at the top five things people have been asking about the fine city and the answers the search engine provides: Share 5 Comments Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Our fine city of Norwich from St James Hill. Photo: Peter Dent/Citizenside.com Why is Norwich great? Type the words ‘why is Norwich’ into Google and this is the first search suggestion you’ll receive. Click on the question and you’ll instantly be bombarded with articles and listicles about Norwich being the best student city or one of the happiest places to work in. Have a browse and Google’s results will surely provide a sufficient answer, but to really understand what makes it so great, you’d need to experience the city off the screen, so if you’ve never been to Norwich and this is something you’ve been wondering, come and visit - we don’t bite. via GIPHY Why is Norwich called Norwich? The second most popular question is all about the origins of the city’s name, which is rather unsurprising given the struggle many people have with its pronunciation (we’ve all undoubtedly heard someone call it Nor-witch at one point or another). A quick search will reveal all you need to know about the history of the city, namely that it had humble beginnings as a small Anglo-Saxon settlement on the River Wensum between the 5th and 7th centuries and in time grew into a town known as Northwic, with wic being an Anglo-Saxon suffix signifying an area where artisanal activity and trade are supplied from outside, such as a port. via GIPHY Why is Norwich City called the Canaries? The Canaries are as much a part of Norwich life as The Puppet Man and real ale, but it’s clear that very few of us know where the team’s nickname actually stems from, so it’s Google to the rescue once again! Curious minds might be interested to learn that the club was originally known as the Citizens when they formed in 1902, at which time they played in blue and white shirts. This name stuck for a few years, before it was switched to The Canaries in April 1905 after the local area became well known as a centre for the breeding and export of canaries. People’s Weekly Journal were the first to refer to NCFC as the “canaries”, with national press picking up the name later on in 1907. Inspired by the new nickname, the club ditched their previous kits in favour of bright yellow shirts and the following season The Canaries well and truly took flight on the pitch. via GIPHY Why is Norwich a UNESCO city of Literature? Good question! Norwich has an extensive history with literature, with many of our local writers (such as Julian of Norwich and Phillip Pullman), having had great impact on the written world. Because of this and the fact that the city is home to five percent of the UK’s independent publishing as well as an abundance of libraries, book shops, museums, theatres and galleries, Writers’ Centre Norwich took it upon themselves in 2012 to lead a bid for the city to become England’s first UNESCO City of Literature, and were successful, adding Norwich to a prestigious network made up of only twenty other cities across the world. via GIPHY Why is Norwich a fine city? The welcome signs that countless drivers pass each day proclaim Norwich to be a fine city, people on the street refer to it this way and I’ve undoubtedly written it one too many times in this piece already, but where did the saying come from? The answer is simple, it is a quote stolen from Lavengro: The Scholar, the Gypsy, the Priest, an 1851 novel by East Dereham-born writer George Borrow, in which he includes the following description of Norwich: “a fine old city, truly, is that, view it from whatever side you will; but it shows best from the east, where the ground, bold and elevated, overlooks the fair and fertile valley in which it stands.” via GIPHY • Is there anything you’ve ever wanted to know about Norwich? Let us know in the comments below. Keywords: Norwich Google United Kingdom Norwich Norwich City Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Sign in to leave your comment 5 comments Another NON ARTICLE!!! Please get rid of these useless, so-called journalists! Add your comment | Report this comment Edith Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Archant - I see you have replaced Thomas Paine with Philip Pullman! Hardly a comparison, but a name is a name I suppose. Add your comment | Report this comment POGAl Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Incredibly underwhelming? Wash your mouth out. Add your comment | Report this comment a fine city Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Please god, can Archant journalists give the 'fine city' tag a rest. It was used once by Borrow in the 19th century. Let it go! It's incredibly underwhelming. Add your comment | Report this comment JSmith Tuesday, January 10, 2017 I thought Thomas Paine was from Thetford, not Norwich. Add your comment | Report this comment POGAl Tuesday, January 10, 2017 The views expressed in the above comments do not necessarily reflect the views of this site Comments Welcome , please leave your message below. Comments Photo Optional - JPG files only Description Audio Optional - MP3 files only Description Video Optional - 3GP, AVI, MOV, MPG or WMV files Description Submit Comments Please log in to leave a comment and share your views with other Norwich Evening News visitors. We enable people to post comments with the aim of encouraging open debate. Only people who register and sign up to our terms and conditions can post comments. These terms and conditions explain our house rules and legal guidelines. Comments are not edited by Norwich Evening News staff prior to publication but may be automatically filtered. If you have a complaint about a comment please contact us by clicking on the Report This Comment button next to the comment. Email address Password Login Forgotten your password? Not a member yet? Register to create your own unique Norwich Evening News account for free. Signing up is free, quick and easy and offers you the chance to add comments, personalise the site with local information picked just for you, and more. Sign up now facebook twitter iwitness Most Read Two arrested after police stop car in Norwich Man fined whilst feeding the homeless on Christmas Day 30mph sign near one of Norfolk’s most prolific speed cameras has still not been replaced Roy’s a man of many colours – as long as they are yellow and green! Council approve expansion to Travellers’ site in Norwich Most Commented Man fined whilst feeding the homeless on Christmas Day Digital Edition Enjoy the Evening News digital edition Subscribe HOT JOBS Civil Engineers East Job details Civil Engineers East Job details Accounts Bookkeeper Fakenham Job details Quantity Surveyor/Buyer Lowestoft Job details Female Support Workers Thetford Job details Care Support Workers Gorleston Job details Hairdresser and Beauty Therapist Norfolk Job details PR Communications and Funding Raising Officer Fakenham Job details Office Administrator Norwich Job details Telehandler / Plant Operator Norwich Job details Carpenters Norwich Job details Live-in House-person Norfolk Job details Qualified Plumber/ Heating Engineer Great Yarmouth Job details Registered Nurses Suffolk Job details Nursing Assistants Suffolk Job details Community Care Assistants Suffolk Job details Matron Suffolk Job details Female Support Workers Great Yarmouth Job details Personal Assistant Halesworth Job details Female Care Assistant Diss Job details Norfolk Urban Peregrines Project Assistant Fakenham Job details Volunteers Fakenham Job details Accountant Norfolk Job details Care Staff Lowestoft Job details Personal Assistant Norfolk Job details Senior Administrator North Walsham Job details Car Sales Executives Norwich Job details Multi Skilled Engineers St Neots Job details Folder/Gluer Operators Wisbech Job details Caretaker Norwich Job details Sales Officer Norwich Job details Sales Adviser/Administrator Wells-next-the-sea Job details Volunteer Coordinator Norfolk Job details Weeting Heath Summer Warden Thetford Job details County Wildlife Action: Training Officer Norwich Job details Seasonal Education Officers Norfolk Job details Seasonal Visitor Centre Coordinators Norfolk Job details Weeting Heath Visitor Centre Assistant Thetford Job details Seasonal Car Park Attendant Blakeney Job details Catering Positions Hunstanton Job details Multi Skilled Engineers Wisbech Job details Poultry Worker Norfolk Job details Estate Maintenance Person Brandon Job details Home Support Bungay Job details Nurse Practitioner or Independent Prescriber Norwich Job details HGV / 7.5ton Drivers & Removal Porters Brandon Job details Animal Manager Norfolk Job details Personal Assistant(s) Norfolk Job details Apprentice Dental Nurse Great Yarmouth Job details Support Worker Norfolk Job details Financial Planning Administrator Norwich Job details Senior Bookkeeper Harleston Job details Bricklayer Wymondham Job details Coffee Shop Deputy Manager Norfolk Job details Nurture HLTA Norfolk Job details PA to Managing Director Lowestoft Job details Assistant Site Manager Norwich Job details Teacher of Maths Norfolk Job details Apprentice Dental Nurse Lowestoft Job details Motor Insurance Claims Norfolk Job details Cabinet Maker/ Bench Joiner Fakenham Job details Technician/Service Engineer and Assembly Technician Fakenham Job details Patient Services / Telephone Triage Norfolk Job details Manufacturing Production Supervisors Norfolk Job details Gardener/Handy Person Norfolk Job details Support Worker/ Companion Norfolk Job details Motor Insurance Sales Diss Job details Trainee Parts Advisor Norfolk Job details Sheet Metal Worker / Fabricator Great Yarmouth Job details New/ Used Sales Executive Great Yarmouth Job details Buyer Norfolk Job details Fully Skilled Time Served Machinist Great Yarmouth Job details Workshop Technicians Norwich Job details Independent Financial Advisers King's Lynn Job details Cleaner Norfolk Job details Night-Time Concierge Norfolk Job details Production Manager Injection Moulding Department Norfolk Job details Manager/Development Officer Diss Job details JIB Approved Electrician & JIB Electrician Norfolk Job details Administrator/ Stores Controller Great Yarmouth Job details Pre-Press Mac Operator Norfolk Job details Customer Service Manager Beccles Job details HGV Drivers Norfolk Job details Roadside Vehicle Technicians Norfolk Job details Dining Room Assistant Lowestoft Job details Senior Night Care Assistant Lowestoft Job details On-Site Wardens Holt Job details Maintenance Operatives Holt Job details Reception and Reservation Team Members Holt Job details Accommodation Cleaners / Housekeeping Holt Job details Shop Assistants / Supervisors Holt Job details Kitchen Porters / Kitchen Team Holt Job details Bar & Waiting Staff Holt Job details Skilled Arable Operator Dereham Job details Manufacturing Production Supervisors Norwich Job details HEAD RECEPTIONIST Norfolk Job details HOTEL RECEPTIONIST Norfolk Job details Night Care Assistants Norfolk Job details Cook Norfolk Job details Experienced Pig Stockperson Eye Job details Cleaner Thorpe St. Andrew Job details Stylist Gorleston Job details Gardener Norfolk Job details Experienced HGV Technician Norfolk Job details Qualified Nurses Gorleston Job detailsPreviousNext Show Job Lists Keywords: Location: Search Newsletter Sign Up Email Address* Name* I'm happy to get emails about Archant products and services I'm happy to get emails from Archant's trusted partners Please agree to the terms and conditions Join Back to top News Crime Politics Technology Business Health Sport Norwich City Other Sport Pink 'Un What's On Search Listings Submit Listing Useful links Contact Us Buy a photo Family Notices How to Complain Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contributor's charter © 2017 Archant Community Media Ltd
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 01:22 GMT, Jan 16, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Italy to decide on Google’s proposal over tax dispute - reports Published time: 10 Jan, 2017 14:52 Get short URL © Arnd Wiegmann / Reuters Italian tax authorities are considering a proposal from Google to pay up to €280 million ($296 million) to settle a year-long tax dispute; Reuters reported citing its sources. Read more Google avoided billions in taxes by funneling money offshore The Italian daily La Repubblica said Google is ready to pay between €270 - €280 million to settle the probe. According to Reuters sources, one of the sticking points to reaching a final settlement is a commitment from Google to pay taxes in Italy in the future. "Google is continuing to work with the competent authorities," a Google spokeswoman said. The multinational was under investigation in Italy for allegedly evading about €227 million in taxes between 2009 and 2013. A criminal investigation has also been started against five company managers who are accused of failing to declare corporate taxes. Last year, another US company Apple agreed to pay €318 million to settle a similar probe into its tax arrangements in Italy. Amazon and Facebook are still under investigation. The tax arrangements of international companies have become a heated topic in Europe. Google, Facebook, Amazon and other large multinational firms have been accused of minimizing their tax bills. Read more Massive French Google tax probe had to use just 1 PC & stay off search giant – prosecutor In May, French authorities raided Google’s Paris offices as part of a tax evasion and money laundering investigation. They said the US company has been involved in “aggravated tax fraud and conspiracy to conceal (it),” and could owe France €1.6 billion in back taxes. Google, like other similar large companies across Europe, funnels its international revenue through Dublin to benefit from Ireland’s 12.5 percent business tax rate. France’s corporation tax is 33.33 percent. READ MORE: 3% tax rate? Google accused of playing UK taxpayers for ‘fools’ Last year, Google agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($185 million) in back taxes to the British authorities following a long-running row over its tax liabilities in the UK. The deal was heavily criticized as the sum was said to be too small compared with the profits the company earned in Britain. Experts estimate the internet giant has paid just three percent in UK corporation tax over the last 20 years, despite an official corporation tax rate of 20 percent. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Home Trump Watch Climate Energy Food Animals Science Politics Business Adventure Health Insights Trump Watch Climate Energy Food Animals Science Politics Business Adventure Health Insights ... Business What Powers Your Cloud? Greenpeace Jan. 10, 2017 02:07PM EST LIKE ECOWATCH ON FACEBOOK Get our Newsletter A new Greenpeace report, Clicking Clean: Who is Winning the Race to Build a Green Internet?, finds that Apple, Google, Facebook and newcomer Switch are leading the charge to build a renewably powered internet. These companies are coupling transitions of their data centers to clean energy with strong advocacy for access to renewable options. But while nearly 20 internet companies have now committed to 100 percent renewable energy, the reality is that much of the sector continues to grow rapidly in Asia and U.S. markets like Virginia, both of which have little to no renewable energy options. "Thanks to the leadership and advocacy of companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, and Switch, we are seeing the tech industry make major strides toward powering the internet with clean energy," said Greenpeace Senior IT Analyst Gary Cook. "A growing number of companies now recognize the need to transition to renewables, but we must see greater urgency and transparency across the board. Amazon Web Services is a prime example of a company that talks up its renewable projects, but keeps customers in the dark on its energy performance while expanding into markets served by dirty energy like Virginia." Despite some movement, the lack of transparency by some of the largest players in the sector remains a critical barrier, masking both their current size and whether the renewable deals they are claiming are actually changing the power mix in the markets they are expanding into. Much clearer reporting, like we now see from industry leaders Apple, Facebook and Switch, must be embraced by the massive cloud companies and colocation operators that most of the internet is powered by. While Amazon Web Services has revealed some detail on its energy demand for the first time, much greater transparency must be expected of it and others that are making decisions about how the internet is powered. The report also evaluates emerging East Asian internet companies for the first time, finding that the region is well behind the U.S. market in renewable commitments due in part to fewer clean energy options from monopoly utilities. East Asian internet giants, including Tencent, Baidu and Alibaba, have not committed to 100 percent renewable energy and lack basic transparency around their energy performance. Increased advocacy efforts for key renewable policy changes are needed from East Asian internet companies as they look to expand globally. "We must see East Asian internet companies exhibiting the will to commit to 100 percent renewable energy, particularly as they expand to markets around the world," said Greenpeace East Asia Senior Climate and Energy Campaigner Jude Lee. "Leading IT companies in the United States have already shown that the majority of the industry recognizes that clean power is both good for the environment and good for business. East Asian companies must step up to embrace that reality as well." Netflix has one of the largest data footprints of the companies profiled in the report, accounting for one third of internet traffic in North America and contributing significantly to the worldwide data demand from video streaming. The company announced in 2015 that it intended to fully offset its carbon footprint, but a closer examination reveals it is likely turning to carbon offsets or unbundled renewable energy credits, which do little to increase renewable energy investment. Like Apple, Facebook and Google, Netflix is one of the biggest drivers of the online world and has a critical say in how it is powered. Like its peers, Netflix must embrace the responsibility to make sure its growth is powered by renewables, not fossil fuels. This year's report scores the renewable efforts of nearly 70 websites and applications popular in the U.S., China and South Korea. For the third year in a row, Apple, Google and Facebook rank among the highest performing companies, while newcomer Switch takes the top spot. Along with Google, Apple continues to match its growth with the equivalent or greater supply of renewable energy. Switch scored the highest of all operators for its efforts to transition its data center fleet to renewables through both procurement and aggressive advocacy. "Sustained and vocal advocacy by corporations that recognize the ecological and economic imperative of an aggressive transition to renewable sources of electricity has never been more important in the United States given the election of Donald Trump, who has promised to roll back climate policies and revive the use of coal," Cook concluded. Greenpeace The energy footprint of the IT sector as a whole is currently estimated to consume 7 percent of global electricity, with an anticipated threefold increase in global internet traffic by 2020. Greenpeace has benchmarked the energy performance of leading IT companies since 2009. Facebook, Apple and Google were the first companies to make 100 percent renewable commitments five years ago. Companies evaluated in this report have signed more than 5GW in renewable deals globally since 2010. Greenpeace Related Articles 5 Artists Take on China's Appalling Air Quality Which States Make It Easy for the Advancement of Renewable Energy? Giant Solar Farm to Rise From Chernobyl's Nuclear Ashes googleapplenetflixrenewable energygreenpeaceswitchfacebook Get our Newsletterr FROM OUR PARTNERS By ZergNet Insights Insights Dr. David Suzuki David Suzuki: How Biomimicry Can Save Us Carl Pope The Most Dangerous Bill You’ve Never Heard of Just Passed the House Dr. Mark Hyman 4 Steps for a Successful Digital Detox Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Mounting Evidence Links Lead, Mercury and Arsenic to Autism Most Read Most Read World's Reefs Caught Up in the Longest Global Coral Bleaching Event Ever Recorded If You Like Eating Shellfish, You Should Read This 5 Artists Take on China's Appalling Air Quality Which States Make It Easy for the Advancement of Renewable Energy? Erin Brockovich Meets With Oklahoma Residents Impacted by Human-Induced Earthquakes More Stories Don't miss out. Stay informed. Sign Up You May LikeSponsored by ZergNet Popular Articles Popular Articles Are You Eating Smuggled Avocados? San Francisco Receives More Rain in First Eight Days of January Than All of 2013 North Dakota Governor: DAPL Likely to Get Easement Once Trump Is President 'It's Outrageous': EPA Acknowledges Proven Dangers of Bee-Killing Pesticides But Refuses to Restrict Them Giant Solar Farm to Rise From Chernobyl's Nuclear Ashes More Stories About UsContactAdvertiseJobsPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseRSS Feed Get our Newsletterr © EcoWatch 2016
walesonlineLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Wales News UK News World News Crime Politics Health Nostalgia Education Farming Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film ShoppingExpand Rugby Football Sport Latest Sport Rugby Football Cardiff City Swansea City Boxing Cricket Ice Hockey Other Sport Sport Opinion Fixtures & Results Fantasy FootballExpand Business Latest Business Business News Commercial Property Personal Finance Appointments Business Opinion FarmingExpand TV News Fun Stuff Homes Food & Drink Quizzes In Your Area North Wales Mid Wales South-East Wales South-West Wales Cardiff Swansea See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Travel Dating Book an Ad BuySell Public Notices Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd Home News Wales News Blaenau Gwent News Google headed for Blaenau Gwent to offer digital support for businesses The event will help businesses adapt to the digital landscape  Share  Comments ByThomas Deacon 13:22, 10 JAN 2017 News The event takes place on January 24 (Photo: Yui Mok/PA Wire)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Multi-billion technology giant Google is heading to Blaenau Gwent to offer digital expertise and advice to existing and new businesses. The Google Digital Garage will provide support to businesses on January 24 at a BG Effect networking event in partnership with Blaenau Gwent council. A Google Digital expert will be on hand to help businesses keep up in the constantly changing digital landscape. The event will help businesses use technology to their advantage (Photo: Getty/Istock) Deputy leader of the council, Coun Jim McIlwee, said: “Blaenau Gwent County Borough Council is pleased to be organising another BG Effect event following on from the success of the previous event where approximately 155 people attended. “Our guest speaker, Google Digital Garage, together with the council’s regeneration business services and our partners, will provide businesses with access to support, advice and practical offering from the event. Read More The economy defied expectations in 2016, but experts are warning of a bumpy 2017 “Businesses, whether they are new or existing, should leave feeling confident about their next steps with the right contacts and initiatives available to them that will help assist their business.” The event will focus on a number of areas, including how to improve social media presence, making a business more visible online and how to build up new contacts. Chris Wilkins, from Wilkins Foot Clinic in Abertillery, said: “As a new business I attended the previous BG Effect event and received a vast amount of support to be able to boost my confidence and grow my business. Blaenau Gwent council’s regeneration team will also be on hand “Not only did I have access to business enterprise advice and support, I was also able to liaise with a team of people from the council and its partners to be able to apply for Kick Start Plus grant funding which helps businesses. “I am pleased to say that this has recently been approved. “I highly recommend this event to new and existing businesses, where you are able to access on the spot advice and support in relation to finance, marketing and business from the team, its partners and a wide range of businesses from the community.” Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Amazon Echo's hilarious attempt at Wales' longest place name Share this video Watch Next Blaenau Gwent council’s regeneration team will attend the event to offer support such as grants and property support. The event will take place on Tuesday, January 24, from 5pm to 7.30pm at the General Offices on Steelworks Road, Ebbw Vale . Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @WalesOnline Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Local Government Ebbw Vale Blaenau Gwent News all Most Read Most Recent DVLAHere's how much the new DVLA car tax rules will cost you Some car models will cost significantly more to tax each year CardiffTwo people taken to hospital after crash closes major road out of Cardiff Ambulances have taken two people to the Royal Gwent Hospital Wales weatherKeep those winter woollies handy! Temperatures could drop in the second half of January The beginning of the week will be milder but temperatures will fall again by Friday RhonddaA controlled explosion has been carried out at a school after 'potentially hazardous chemicals' were found The chemicals have been moved to waste ground near a primary school Cardiff CouncilThis is the plan to double the amount of cyclists using Cardiff's roads The city council have drawn up a new strategy to boost numbers of people who use their bikes TataA year on from terrifying reports of job losses the steel industry is not yet out of the woods A leading union warns trust and goodwill have been damaged due to the 'drama' of the past year Cardiff UniversityThis grandfather's colonoscopy will be broadcast LIVE on TV this week Channel 4 is putting out Barry man's procedure in first ever live TV ad as part of cancer campaign CardiffTwo people taken to hospital after crash closes major road out of Cardiff Ambulances have taken two people to the Royal Gwent Hospital Wales weatherKeep those winter woollies handy! Temperatures could drop in the second half of January The beginning of the week will be milder but temperatures will fall again by Friday European UnionWelsh politicians' concern at Theresa May's reported 'hard Brexit' plans Labour and Plaid have said the reported strategy would be a 'disaster' for Wales Most Read Most Recent DVLAHere's how much the new DVLA car tax rules will cost you Some car models will cost significantly more to tax each year SherlockRevealed: Sherlock's Sherrinford is Tenby landmark St Catherine's After months of speculation the Sherrinford mystery was finally solved in Wales. Warning: Serious spoilers ahead! CardiffTwo people taken to hospital after crash closes major road out of Cardiff Ambulances have taken two people to the Royal Gwent Hospital Wales weatherKeep those winter woollies handy! Temperatures could drop in the second half of January The beginning of the week will be milder but temperatures will fall again by Friday Cardiff City FCDavid Marshall's wife sends Cardiff City fans into meltdown with tantalising tweet Bluebirds fans just can't contain themselves TataA year on from terrifying reports of job losses the steel industry is not yet out of the woods A leading union warns trust and goodwill have been damaged due to the 'drama' of the past year Cardiff UniversityThis grandfather's colonoscopy will be broadcast LIVE on TV this week Channel 4 is putting out Barry man's procedure in first ever live TV ad as part of cancer campaign SherlockRevealed: Sherlock's Sherrinford is Tenby landmark St Catherine's After months of speculation the Sherrinford mystery was finally solved in Wales. Warning: Serious spoilers ahead! OspreysThe heart-warming moment Wales star Alun Wyn Jones made a young Ospreys fan's day The Ospreys captain made this young fan's day after leading his side to victory over Lyon at the Liberty Stadium Welsh Premier LeagueWelsh Premier League side's world record-breaking winning run finally comes to an end... but they're still unbeaten this season! The New Saints have set the football world on fire this season, but their world record-breaking run has finally been ended Top Stories Cardiff UniversityThis grandfather's colonoscopy will be broadcast LIVE on TV this week Channel 4 is putting out Barry man's procedure in first ever live TV ad as part of cancer campaign TataA year on from terrifying reports of job losses the steel industry is not yet out of the woods A leading union warns trust and goodwill have been damaged due to the 'drama' of the past year Wales weatherKeep those winter woollies handy! Temperatures could drop in the second half of January The beginning of the week will be milder but temperatures will fall again by Friday CardiffTwo people taken to hospital after crash closes major road out of Cardiff Ambulances have taken two people to the Royal Gwent Hospital Aberystwyth UniversityUrine test developed in Wales will reveal how healthy your diet really is Researchers from Aberystwyth University were involved in coming up with it NewportPolice reveal final movements of man who died after being found unconscious on a Newport street A murder investigation was launched after Jan Jedrzejewski died in hospital ScarletsScarlets 22-22 Saracens match report: Heroic hosts left stunned as last-gasp Chris Ashton try secures draw Wayne Pivac's side led 22-15 going into injury time but the reigning champions scored with the last play of the game to level a thrilling contest BlackwoodFamilies of Tunisia massacre victims hope inquest into deaths will provide answers A woman from South Wales was among 30 Brits killed at a Tunisia holiday resort in 2015 LlanelliA woman has suffered 'serious injuries' after an early morning crash The incident happened at around 3am on Sunday and the female pedestrian remains in hospital CardiffWelsh wrestler 'Mandrews' has made it into the quarter finals of the WWE UK Championships Mark Andrews defeated Dan Moloney and will next face Joseph Conners this afternoon Cardiff CouncilThis is the plan to double the amount of cyclists using Cardiff's roads The city council have drawn up a new strategy to boost numbers of people who use their bikes RhonddaA controlled explosion has been carried out at a school after 'potentially hazardous chemicals' were found The chemicals have been moved to waste ground near a primary school News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-UPDATE 1-Italy looking at Google proposal to settle tax dispute - sour... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 8:31am EST RPT-UPDATE 1-Italy looking at Google proposal to settle tax dispute - source (Repeats to additional subscriber services, no change to text) MILAN Jan 10 Italy's tax authorities are looking at a proposal from Alphabet Inc's Google to pay between 270 million and 280 million euros ($286-296 million) to settle a tax dispute, a source close to the matter said on Tuesday. A year ago Italian tax police alleged that Google had evaded paying taxes worth 227 million euros between 2009 and 2013 in a move which was said could result in heavy punitive fines. Governments across Europe are looking for ways to change tax rules which allow multinationals to park profits in other tax jurisdictions. Some countries, including Italy, are also trying to use existing tax rules to force companies to pay more tax on the profits generated by sales in their countries. At the end of 2015 Apple Inc agreed to pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years. "There was a meeting with Google's lawyers just before Christmas when the proposal was presented", the source said. But sticking points to a final settlement include working out final details on how revenues are booked for tax purposes and securing a commitment from the U.S. giant to pay taxes in Italy in the future, the source added. "Google is continuing to work with the competent authorities," a company spokeswoman said. In January last year Google agreed to pay the British government 130 million pounds ($158 million) in back taxes in a deal which opposition parties in the country criticised as too little in view of the size of Google's UK revenues. ($1 = 0.9453 euros) ($1 = 0.8236 pounds) (Reporting by Emilio Parodi; Writing by Stephen Jewkes; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Next In Market News BRIEF-Andersons says plans to exit retail business * To exit retail business and close its remaining four retail stores in q2 of 2017 UPDATE 1-Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut -London Times * He says Brexit will be "a great thing" (Recasts, adds quotes, details) FOREX-Sterling slides to 3-month lows on 'hard Brexit' fears * Yen benefits from risk aversion, as dollar comes under pressure MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Lucasfilm says it has 'no plans' for a digital Carrie Fisher The Obamas bid farewell with a VR White House tour 'Ghost in the Shell' anime will return to US & UK theaters Latest in Culture PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games 1h ago View China tells app stores to register with the government 3h ago View Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US 4h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 6h ago View Image credit: save Save share Google Tango AR takes you inside a mummy's sarcophagus The tech is coming to the Detroit Institute of the Arts and other museums around the US. Steve Dent, @stevetdent 01.10.17 in Art Comments 408 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Everyone thinks augmented reality (AR) is loaded with potential, but what besides Pokémon Go can you actually do with it? Google is providing a concrete example by bringing its Tango technology to museums. At the Detroit Institute of Arts, visitors will be able to snag a Lenovo Phab 2 Pro phone and explore Egyption mummies and other exhibits. The tech will let you peer "inside" a sarcophagus, for instance, to see ancient skeletons and other hidden artifacts. Google's Tango tech is well-suited for indoor exhibitions, as it doesn't rely on GPS, inertial sensors or WiFi tracking. Rather, it uses Kinect-like computer vision to detect and track its surroundings, so it can realistically overlay virtual images no matter where you are. So far, Lenovo's Phab 2 Pro is the only device equipped with the depth sensors and other tech required for Tango. However, the ASUS ZenFone AR, launched last week at CES, also supports it and will go on sale sometime this year. The Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA) worked with GuidiGo on an AR tour that features overlays and visualizations, along with games and quizzes. (The same firm developed a Google Tango tour for the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya that we saw at MWC in Barcelona last year.) The DIA's tour lets you see the skeletons underneath the Egyption Mummies' sarcophagus and bandages (above), grasp the scale of the Ancient Babylonian Ishtar Gate (below) and see the original colors, long since disappeared, on ancient Mesopotamian limestone reliefs. Google says that the DIA tour is just the beginning and that "we're working with other museums around the world for future exhibits." The tech has also popped up at BMW dealers and other companies, so it's being used to sell as well as educate. What we really want, of course, is for Google to expand more into gaming and let us blast mummies instead of learning about them. In this article: AR, art, AugmentedReality, culture, DetroitInstituteOfArt, Egypt, google, GuidiGo, LenovoPhab, Mummies, Museum, Tango By Steve Dent @stevetdent Steve should have known that engineering was not for him when he spent most of his time at university monkeying with his 8086 clone PC. Although he graduated, a lifelong obsession of wanting the "solitaire" win animation to go faster had begun. Always seeking a gadget fix, he dabbles in photography, video, 3D-animation, and is a licensed private pilot. He followed l'amour de sa vie from Vancouver, BC to France, and now lives near Paris. 408 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 30m 30m ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  30m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US A trial run in Germany could influence an election and keep Facebook out of trouble. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Transportation Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was Also, Tesla's Gigafactory is on track to run entirely on solar energy. By Inhabitat,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read The Sensor Revolution The Everything Chip: Qualcomm's Plan To Power Drones, VR, Cars, PCs, And More The mobile giant aims to get its smartphone chips—as well as new technologies—inside an array of emerging devices. It won't be easy. A prototype drone at a Qualcomm lab in San Diego [Photo: Sean Captain] More from The Sensor Revolution The Everything Chip: Qualcomm's Plan To Power Drones, VR, Cars, PCs, And More The iPhone 7 Plus Is Easily Outselling Smaller iPhone 7, New Holiday Data Suggests Sean Captain 01.10.17 9:00 AM Remember "Intel Inside"? The ad campaign transformed a maker of components for beige boxes into a top consumer brand two decades ago. San Diego's biggest tech employer, smartphone chip provider Qualcomm, is still a long way from matching Intel's feat, both in name recognition and in revenue. But the company dreams of going much farther by being inside seemingly everything: smart cars, high-end fitness bands, VR headsets, smartwatches, AI systems, consumer and commercial drones, and internet-serving satellites. Qualcomm even thinks it can kick Intel out of PCs and server farms. It's shelling out tens of billions of dollars to achieve its heady ambitions. You might expect a flamboyant, aggressive CEO to be driving Qualcomm's ballsy charge for world domination. That doesn't describe my impression of the man sitting across from me in a spare conference room in early December, wearing jeans and a gray University of Michigan fleece (honoring the school where he got his masters degree in electrical engineering). Forty-seven years old, with bushy gray hair and smart looking, dark-rimmed glasses, Steve Mollenkopf has the quiet voice and cool demeanor of the engineer he is. Over 22 years, Mollenkopf worked his way up the ranks at Qualcomm and took over as CEO in March 2014. Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf It wasn't an easy start. Qualcomm's hot new smartphone processor, the Snapdragon 810, was a bit too hot, according to some reports that it overheated in phones such as the LG G Flex2 and HTC One M9. (Qualcomm insists the chip performs fine.) The Chinese government was pushing an antitrust case over what it considered Qualcomm's excessive licensing fees for 3G and 4G cellular tech; and a big shareholder, hedge fund Jana Partners, was pushing to split the company in two—between its chip design and patent royalty divisions. And Taiwan's MediaTek, though smaller than Qualcomm, is rising to challenge it in the smartphone chip market. "I feel like this management team has been through a tremendous amount of major issues in a short period of time, probably faster than anyone I can think of," Mollenkopf says, calmly. He's leaning back in his chair with hands clasped around his knee. "We decided ultimately to do the biggest restructuring in the company's history. Then at the same time, we also repositioned the company and really changed the narrative of the company." That narrative, in essence: Powerful processors and wireless connections are going to be in tens, perhaps even hundreds of billions of new devices, and Qualcomm wants to provide chips for as many of them as possible. That requires remaking the company and starting, sometimes from scratch, in businesses already dominated by rivals. It wouldn't be the first time for Qualcomm to charge into industries it seems to have no business being in. Qualcomm has bought over $50 billion worth of companies since Mollenkopf became CEO. Instead of splitting, Qualcomm is swelling, buying over $50 billion worth of companies since Mollenkopf became CEO, including a pending $47 billion deal for Dutch chipmaker NXP. The tie-up will likely more than double Qualcomm's staff (even after some layoffs that Mollenkopf says will come) and extend its reach to cars, medical devices, home automation, wireless payments, and unsexy-but-important machines like point-of-sale terminals at store checkouts. In China, Qualcomm got back in business by paying a $975 million settlement and adjusting licensing fees. (However, a South Korean investigation recently charged anticompetitive practices that may result in an $865 million fine.) But even as Qualcomm takes on new challenges, Mollenkopf has been jettisoning projects that weren't clearly connected to its core chipmaking business, such as augmented-reality software platform Vuforia, which it sold in 2015. (A mural celebrating Vuforia still covered the side of a Qualcomm warehouse when I visited.) Altogether, the company has cut $1.4 billion in annual expenses, along with about 1,700 jobs. Smartphones And Beyond With the great big exception of Apple (which designs its own chips for iOS devices), Qualcomm dominates the high-end phone universe. Its top Snapdragon chips power flagship Android smartphones like the new Google Pixel, the HTC 10, Moto Z, and even many of Samsung's Galaxy S7 line, as well as the exploding Note 7. (Samsung uses both Qualcomm's and its own Exynos chips). Qualcomm also makes a fortune—likely about two thirds of its profits—from other people's chips through licensing fees on the cellular technologies it has developed. These include the CDMA wireless standard that powered 2G and 3G Verizon and Sprint phones for two decades, much of the 4G technology in phones around the world today, and—Qualcomm hopes—technologies that will get incorporated into the insanely fast 5G standard coming on line in the next four years. Like Apple, Qualcomm designs chips and hires other companies, such as Samsung, to make them. Intel and Samsung have to worry about reconfiguring their factories and having enough demand to keep them busy before they can introduce new chips. Qualcomm and Apple just pick whatever factory provides the best deal. "We don’t care exactly how full Samsung's fab is. We let them worry about it," says Keith Kressin, Qualcomm's senior VP for product management. Jumping between manufacturers has allowed Qualcomm to shrink its chips four years in a row. The upcoming Snapdragon 835 is 35% smaller and uses 25% less power than last year's top chips, the 820 and 821. (In buying NXP, however, Qualcomm will now own some chip factories.) Dominating one industry is no guarantee for the future. Intel owns the PC (and Mac) and server businesses, but its smartphone and tablet plans flopped. "I think Intel's sin was that they didn't listen to what Apple wanted," says Forrester Research analyst Frank Gillett. "They said, 'Here's what we have. Want some?'" Intel tried to wedge its processors, based on its design technology called x86, into mobile devices. But the mobile industry was using a chip type created by a British company called ARM. In the mobile market, everyone but Intel, including Qualcomm, builds ARM-based chips—the platform for iOS, Android, and the floundering mobile version of Windows. The phone business is still growing, especially in developing countries, but more slowly than it had been—in single-digit vs. double-digit percentages each year, according to market research firm Gartner. Qualcomm and other chip companies hope that gangbuster growth reminiscent of the go-go smartphone years will come for all those newly connected machines—clumped into a catch-all category called IoT, the internet of things. Mollenkopf believes that Qualcomm's smartphone chips will be perfect for all these new devices and even for the "cloud" of server farms that hold the IoT together. In every new category, it faces competition: Intel, for instance, is challenging Qualcomm on just about every front, such as drones, virtual reality, cars, and 5G wireless. And Qualcomm is way behind other companies on some fronts, like Nvidia for smart and autonomous cars. Not The Same Kind Of Sea Change As it tackles all these new markets, Qualcomm has to avoid the peril Intel met with phones: failing to convince customers that what it's selling, Snapdragon, is perfect for whatever they are looking to buy. But Mollenkopf dismisses the Intel parable: "Almost every other transition that people talk about—PC-to-smartphone, for example—it was a big technology change. What you had to be good at changed dramatically." Mollenkopf claims that's not the case today: The trend toward ever-smaller and more energy-efficient chips that phones engendered dovetails into the needs for other connected gadgets. "It's all really being disrupted by communication and low-power computing and the synthesis of many different technologies together," he says. A big part of this trend is the SoC—system on chip. A phone's CPU, graphics, modem, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and other components, now including artificial-intelligence engines, are squeezed into a single chip to save space, money, and power, while boosting speeds (with shorter distances for electrons to travel). Those are benefits for any device. "You can use the [technology] roadmap from cellular to really help out automotive and internet of things," says Mollenkopf. Qualcomm's rivals also build SoCs. Prototype drones packing Snapdragon processors In San Diego, I visit a lab full of consumer drone prototypes. About a half dozen 3D-printed models sit on a workbench; a few steps away, engineers test image-stabilizing algorithms for drone-mounted cameras. The drones run on the Snapdragon 801 SoC, Qualcomm's top smartphone chip from 2014. Qualcomm has to build working models of drones, headsets, and other products to figure out elements like software needed to make its phone chips work in them, says Raj Talluri, who runs Qualcomm's IoT division. Only then can it pitch the chips to companies making the devices. The $599 Hover Camera Passport drone, from Chinese company Zero Zero Robotics, is in a growing category of selfie drones that can hover steadily in front of people, able to recognize and lock onto faces to take photos, and even follow people as they move about. Most drones don't run on Snapdragon, yet they can be quite sophisticated. The Phantom 4 and Mavic Pro drones from Chinese drone maker DJI use the Myriad 2 machine-vision chip from a startup called Movidius (now owned by Intel) to rapidly recognize people it's following or to map a safe flight path over rough terrain. Qualcomm is making some progress: Tencent, Zerotech, Pegatron, Nine Eagles, and Sunly have announced plans to build drones on the Snapdragon Flight chips-and-software platform. Those aren't household names, but the business is wide open. "There aren’t any dominant chipmakers in the drone market, as it’s still very fragmented," says Gartner analyst Mark Hung. Part of Qualcomm's pitch is that the same Snapdragon capabilities can serve many types of products. The Snapdragon VR820, Qualcomm's prototype VR headset, is powered by a built-in 820 chip. That makes it self-contained, in contrast to headsets that rely on a tethered computer, like Facebook's Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive, and those that make you snap in a smartphone, including the Samsung Gear VR and Google Daydream View. Qualcomm's prototype VR headset With a camera on the front of the VR820 headset, the same image recognition that a drone uses to spot and avoid obstacles can also reference nearby objects to figure out where someone wearing the headset is and how far they move. The technology can also recognize and transpose real-world hand movements into the virtual world. Trying it out, I could not only look up and down or side to side; I could also step toward or away from 3D characters, which appear closer or farther as I move, and look above or underneath them. Most other VR systems require external devices like infrared beacons around the room in order to track the wearer, and they require holding controllers to read hand movement. As with drones, Qualcomm wants others to make their own headsets based on the VR820 design. Chinese companies Coocaa, Focalmax, Pico, and Whaley have announced plans to build VR820 headsets, all for the Chinese market. Once again, Intel is right there. In August 2016, it showed off a very similar headset design called Project Alloy, including the same type of movement tracking. But Intel is a bit behind: It won't have the developer kits until the spring, and no one has committed to using the tech in consumer products. No matter how good the technology, both chipmakers will have a challenge breaking into an already crowded market. Intel's Project Alloy headset Qualcomm is jumping into a market that's in its infancy even compared to VR: mixed-reality glasses that superimpose a screen over the wearer's view of the world. San Francisco-based Osterhout Design Group will put the new Snapdragon 835 in its R-8 and R-9 "smartglasses." They promise to actually do what people expected of Google Glass—blend the real and online worlds together in one view. Mollenkopf doesn't get overly exuberant about drones, VR, and other "high-complexity, smartphone-like" consumer gadgets, as he calls them. These are, "things that people believe generally will happen," he says. "They don't know when. They are interested in them. They're wondering whether it's going to be the new smartphone or the new iPod or whatever." ODG's smartglasses incorporate Snapdragon processors. In more mature markets as well as emerging ones, Qualcomm is betting that ever more connected gadgets will require ever-more powerful processors. Take fitness trackers: The iconic Fitbits run on fairly low-end chips, called microcontrollers, typically made by STMicroelectronics. Qualcomm is an investor in Fitbit, though, and many other companies that it's banking will require more powerful chips. "We invest in companies that could be future partners or customers of Qualcomm. They don't have to use our silicon today," says Patrick Eggen, who manages the company's investment arm, Qualcomm Ventures, in the North America. It's invested hundreds of millions of dollars (the company doesn't reveal specific numbers) in startups pushing technologies that Qualcomm wants to get into, including drones, virtual reality, augmented reality, medical devices, and even satellites. Fitness trackers are getting more complex and resembling smartwatches, which have cellphone-like capabilities. (Polar's new fitness tracker, the M600, runs Google's Android Wear smartphone OS, though not on a Snapdragon chip.) "What started out as a simple job of tracking your steps…the expectation is increasing," says Talluri, mentioning features like touch screens. Qualcomm does provide Snapdragons to about a dozen smartwatches, including from Asus, Fossil, Huawei, LG, Michael Kors, and Samsung. All other brands are tiny compared to Apple's share of the market, though, and even the Apple Watch isn't an iPhone-like phenom. "We got strong feedback five years ago to not try this," admits Grob. Maybe Qualcomm's steepest uphill battle is for PCs—hardly machines of the future, but still a giant business. In December, Microsoft and Qualcomm announced a version of Windows that will work on the ARM-based chips that Qualcomm makes, and will be able to run all current Windows applications. (Microsoft's earlier attempt to put Windows on the ARM chips in some of its Surface tablets flopped because it couldn't run older apps.) "If you're [a company] that makes a high-end smartphone, then you have the process and technology to manufacture a thin laptop," says Matt Grob, Qualcomm's CTO. Like Mollenkopf, Grob is a longtime Qualcomm engineer, with 25 years at the company and 59 patents. Stocky, with dark hair, he's very soft-spoken, sometimes nearly whispering. "You can think of it like a smartphone with a laptop-size battery… so the battery life will be tremendous," he says. No one has announced plans to build Qualcomm PCs, but Grob says to expect ultra-thin, low-cost laptops by the end of 2017. Qualcomm is making the same kind of pitch for the server business—that its chips are smaller, cheaper, and more energy-efficient than Intel's. On the surface, Qualcomm's dream to push its incompatible chips into servers looks as fraught as Intel's attempt to get its incompatible chips into phones. "We got strong feedback five years ago to not try this," admits Grob. But a lot has changed, argues Gartner's Mark Hung. Internet giants like Google, Amazon, and Facebook are custom-building hardware and software for their server farms, and they might be up for trying new technologies, he says. Driving Ambitions Starting from the smallest consumer gadgets, Qualcomm now wants to increase its stake in the biggest: cars. Modern cars are packed with sensors and processors, and NXP makes scores of them: antilock brake controllers, tire pressure sensors, temperature sensors, accelerometers, radio tuners, Ethernet switches, keyless entry systems, and a lot more. Chipmaker CSR, which Qualcomm picked up in 2015 for $2.4 billion, also makes automotive components like Bluetooth and GPS chips. They provide the foundation that Qualcomm can top off with a Snapdragon chip. "We're good at all the non-car pieces that are going into the car and really changing how the car is architected, but we're not good at the car pieces," says Mollenkopf. Already, Qualcomm has sold over 340 million chips to over 20 carmakers, things like modems and other wireless components. It's still getting up to speed with smart cars, which started with "infotainment" systems. They power both navigation and entertainment features like streaming audio apps and Bluetooth connections to cellphones—platforms like Ford Sync, Apple Car Play, and Android Auto. Now smart cars are evolving into autonomous cars. Nvidia, which crashed and burned trying to get into cellphones, has been a lot smarter with cars. Its Tegra chips—which, like Qualcomm's Snapdragons, incorporate ARM technology—power the infotainment systems in cars from Audi, BMW, and Honda. Its autonomous car "supercomputer," the Drive PX 2, was picked by Tesla, which will use it to control its self-driving cars in the future. At this year's CES, Nvidia announced deals to put Drive PX 2 in Audi cars starting in 2020 and to co-develop an AI-powered car with Mercedes-Benz. As almost always, Intel is competing with Qualcomm here. Its Atom processors, which flopped in smartphones, are getting a second chance in car infotainment, already installed in 30 models. Intel also just announced its own autonomous car project, using both Atom and more powerful chips, called Intel GO. BMW is partnering with Intel on developing self-driving car tech, and the automaker strongly hinted that Intel GO will make its way into its iNEXT project for an electric, semi-autonomous car set to hit the road in 2021. In San Diego, I saw some concept cars Qualcomm was getting ready to show off at CES in early January. The star would be a Maserati Quattroporte gutted and rebuilt with Qualcomm chips packed inside. Qualcomm's infotainment chip, the 820A, powers features like safety cameras, GPS, and voice commands. Bluetooth chips embedded throughout the car don't just connect riders' cellphones; together with microphones, they track who is in the car, and where. (Only the person in the driver's seat has full control through voice commands.) The gutted interior of a Maserati being reconfigured as a tech show car. Qualcomm doesn't have a deal with Maserati; it just bought a car and tricked it out, including reverse-engineering Maserati's engine computer system—showing what it could do for companies if it can convince them to pair up. (It did similar with a Cadillac.) That is starting to happen. Audi's 2017 cars will run on Snapdragons, and at CES, Qualcomm announced a similar deal for Volkswagens starting in 2019. Automotive is another example of the hopeful, long-game approach. So far, Qualcomm barely registers in the autonomous-car market, but Qualcomm Ventures has been investing in companies that it hopes will build that market. One of them is Cruise, a San Francisco startup that makes sensors for autonomous cars. GM bought Cruise for about $1 billion in 2016 and is using the tech on the Chevy Bolt autonomous cars it's testing on the streets of San Francisco. Qualcomm is starting a research program in Germany that could develop technologies for autonomous cars, but it's far from having a platform as Intel and Nvidia do. Qualcomm has been building the artificial intelligence it will need for self-driving cars, drones, and other futuristic machines. In 2016, it added to its Snapdragon 820 smartphone chip a neural network capability called Zeroth, a name inspired by Isaac Asimov's robot laws. After the science-fiction legend created his first, second, and third laws about how robots should behave, he added a new law, called the Zeroth, to precede them all—that a robot may not harm humanity. "We found that no one had trademarked it or even knew what it was. It was perfect!" says Grob. Qualcomm later decided the term was a bit esoteric, though, and it settled on the sedate "Qualcomm Machine Learning Platform." The Sky Might Not Be The Limit Wireless is where Qualcomm made its fortune. And no matter which new tech categories matter most in the future, it will remain mission-critical for Qualcomm. The company got lucky with its first invention, called code division multiple access—CDMA. The technology allows cellphone towers to transmit multiple calls at once by assigning each call its own encryption code. The phones on the other end decrypt only the data packets meant for their call. CDMA challenged the prevailing technology, called GSM, which instead divided calls by assigning bits of each one into tiny time slots. Most of the world stayed with GSM, in part because it was a free, open standard. Qualcomm owned CDMA technology and charged licensing fees. But Sprint, Verizon, and a smattering of other companies around the world opted for CDMA, and Qualcomm got rich on the fees. An early prototype CDMA phone Qualcomm then bought up rights to a technology called OFDM that formed the basis of 4G wireless (and will for 5G, too), and the world paid Qualcomm licensing fees. LTE has come very far since it was introduced with a maximum speed of about 12Mbps back in 2010. As speeds grew, so did the name; the latest version, called LTE Advanced Pro, will have a top speed just shy of a gigabit per second and be in Qualcomm's new Snapdragon 835 and its platform for smart cars. Many of the tricks that went into that speed explosion, like combining five or more signals to carry more data, will be the foundation of 5G. "It's still based on OFDM. Patent-wise, Qualcomm…is still a significant player," says Akshay Sharma, who tracks wireless tech for Gartner. OneWeb can potentially bring Qualcomm billions of new customers. 5G's final form will come from collaborations between many companies in an international standards body (called 3GPP). But Qualcomm is trying to assure a big role through facts on the ground. In October, it came out with the first 5G chip, the X50 modem, even though the standard won’t be fully baked till likely some time in 2018. The X50 is designed for trials, so gadget makers and networks can get a sense of which technology ideas work and which ones don't. In the process, they will get used to Qualcomm's 5G technologies—maybe improving the chances that its royalty-earning technologies make it into the 5G standard. Guess who's right behind? Intel, which launched its own chip, simply called "5G Modem," at CES, saying it will be ready for tests in late 2017. Qualcomm's plans go above the atmosphere to OneWeb, a project to blanket the Earth with internet access using a fleet of 648 small, mass-produced satellites. Paul Jacobs, Qualcomm's chairman and Mollenkopf's predecessor as CEO, serves on the OneWeb board along with Richard Branson and tech captains like Airbus CEO Thomas Enders and SoftBank chairman Ronald Fisher. "It's one of our bigger projects," says Grob. Qualcomm's cellular modems will be in the solar-powered ground stations that connect to the satellites and link in devices on the ground through Wi-Fi and small cellular networks. Qualcomm also designed the antenna systems throughout, from base stations to satellites, and its modems will likely be in the second-generation of spacecraft, says OneWeb. The satellites, expected to launch beginning in 2018, will also provide internet connections to planes, cars, and ships. Altogether, OneWeb could potentially bring Qualcomm billions of new customers. A Dash Of Hubris However all its plans turn out, Qualcomm has already succeeded at one thing: being really ambitious. Some schemes, such as getting into mobile gear like VR headsets, seem like a natural expansion from phones. Others, like tangling with Intel on PCs and servers, seem almost cheeky. But being cheeky has served Qualcomm well in the past. In 1993, the company, which at the time made satellite-connected text-messaging machines for truckers, crashed the cellphone party. A novice in the burgeoning field, it had the hubris to say that its new technology, incompatible with everyone else's, was better and that people should pay extra to license it. Enough companies did. Now Qualcomm is a giant in 4G, and its prospects for 5G are strong. Qualcomm's first product, a satellite-based communications system for truckers In 2007, when Snapdragon debuted, Qualcomm was a nobody in the phone processor business. "I can remember sitting back in the mid-2000s timeframe and people said, "Yeah, you're good at the modem but you'll never, ever have a position in the smartphone,' because smartphones are all about—just name your technology—it's about CPU, it's about GPU, it's multimedia," says Mollenkopf. "We're number one in all those things today." Being daring also means making mistakes. One of them was Mirasol, an almost-impossible-to-explain display technology that promised LCD-like color image quality with E Ink-like power savings. (Pixels reflect ambient light and use power only when the image changes, instead of constantly refreshing, as LCDs, OLEDs, and other displays do.) Despite the promise, Mirasol never made it. The late, lamented Toq watch Qualcomm tried to keep Mirasol alive by using it in its own smartwatch brand, called Toq. Introduced in 2013, Toq never caught on, either. "It was so cool we maybe made a mistake and decided to sell it commercially, and it was not a good idea," says Jim Merrick, the director of marketing. "We don't make commercial products." With Mirasol, Qualcomm also broke with tradition by having its own factory, a Taiwan facility it sold in 2014. It didn't sell the technology, though. (Reports say that Apple is now developing display technology at the factory.) In all my conversations with people at Qualcomm, they didn’t shy away from admitting to failures—neither getting defensive nor wallowing in mea culpas. "Qualcomm doesn't get real amped up in the high points. It doesn’t get real low in the low points," Mollenkopf says. Qualcomm's low-key leadership over the years isn't a sign of timidity. As engineers, Mollenkopf, Grob, and their predecessors have the kind of quiet confidence from looking at the problem and doing the math. Sometimes that means admitting that the numbers don't add up. "We have the ability to change ourselves when we need to change ourselves, and a track record of doing it," says Mollenkopf. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / With Google’s Mobile Update in the near, Imperial Pest Prevention of Daytona is more user friendly With Google’s Mobile Update in the near, Imperial Pest Prevention of Daytona is more user friendly Posted on January 10, 2017 by Imperial Pest in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer We have all heard about it, the Google updates that seek and destroy (or so we are made out to believe) the SERPS (the listing of results that are returned by the search engine in response to a keyword query) and knock on the door of all the hard-working webmasters and business owners who attempt to constantly stay above the competition providing countless hours of SEO (search engine optimization) to company websites for that number one spot. Except this time…. It is not the normal desktop interface…It is MOBILE!!  It appears that 2016 was a fantastic year for mobile searches, as the progression of handheld devices sweeps the nation, it appears that this past year the search engines received more searches from those devices than those older wonderful bulky home PC’s and laptops. Are you surprised? I am not. With various past Google updates and Algorithm changes focused on the web presence of websites from PC’s and Laptops, it appears it is now time for the big giant and number one search engine (GOOGLE) to be sure those business owners are fine-tuning to the ever-changing industry and making sure the websites of these businesses are user friendly on mobile devices. With that being said, it appears that Imperial Pest Prevention of Daytona Beach, Fl. has once again, revamped their website for not only superior desktop performance but mobile as well. Company owner Jonathan Stoddard has put forth the efforts to integrate a social media bar, customer live chat interfaces, online pest inspection library, frequent blogs and online bookings. Imperial Pest Prevention has always been a number one local contender in the pest control industry, however, they appear to be the pioneer in the pest industry web presence while not being afraid to try new things and shake up the norm. Jonathan Stoddard also encouraged all readers to click the link of Imperial Pest Prevention on your mobile device, tablet, home PC, or laptop and experience for yourself one of the most user-friendly platforms available. About Imperial Pest Prevention Imperial Pest Prevention is full service pest control company specializing in Termite Control, Pest Control, Lawn and Shrub Spraying etc. Imperial Pest Prevention is licensed by the state of Florida and enjoys a high level of customer service while maintaining high rated reviews on Google and other internet sources. All Imperial Pest Prevention technicians are state qualified and receive ongoing mandatory training to remain compliant to the constant changing industry laws, regulations, and ever-changing pest control industry. Read full release at PRUnderground.com: With Google’s Mobile Update in the near, Imperial Pest Prevention of Daytona is more user friendly. Latest News Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me Home > USA > Intellectual Property United States: CAFC Rejects Broad Eligibility For CBM Review, Adds To Program Uncertainty Last Updated: January 10 2017 Article by Brian S. Mudge Andrews Kurth LLP Your LinkedIn Connections at Firm We have previously written about the uncertainty in CBM reviews resulting from the PTAB's inconsistent approaches in determining whether patents qualify for CBM review.1 What had been consistent, however, was the PTAB's broad definition of a CBM patent. In a recent decision, however, the Federal Circuit has rejected the PTAB's broad reading of eligibility for CBM review, finding that the standard applied by the PTAB did not follow the statutory definition. The case, Unwired Planet, LLC v. Google Inc.,2 ruled that the Board could not apply a CBM standard that queried whether a patent claimed activities "incidental to" or "complementary to" a financial activity. Key Takeaway:� The Federal Circuit's rejection of the PTAB's broad standard for CBM eligibility means greater uncertainty for the CBM program. The Board will need to revisit its application of the statutory definition for covered business method patents and develop a new body of case law over time. Patent owners should be alert for the opportunity to challenge allegations that a patent meets the statutory definition for CBM patents, and to seek rehearing or appeal of prior determinations, where available. Patent challengers need to be aware of greater scrutiny and, likely, narrower application of the CBM standard for patents. Background:� Congress enacted the CBM program as a quick and cost-effective way to adjudicate the validity of business method patents. When determining whether to institute a CBM patent trial, the PTAB normally decides, as a threshold matter, whether the challenged patent qualifies as a covered business method. Beginning with the earliest CBM cases, the Board concluded that covered business method review should broadly encompass patents claiming "activities that are financial in nature, incidental to a financial activity or complementary to a financial activity." 3 In the Unwired Planet case, the Board instituted CBM review of U.S. patent 7,203,752, which relates to restricting access to a wireless device's location information. Applying its broad CBM definition (as stated above), the Board determined that the '752 patent claimed subject matter "incidental or complementary to the financial activity of service or product sales," thus qualifying for CBM review. In reaching this conclusion, the PTAB reasoned that the '752 patent disclosed a client application for a goods or service provider, such as a hotel, restaurant, or store, that transmits relevant advertising to a wireless device in the area. In its final written decision, the Board determined that challenged claims were unpatentable, though it did not discuss CBM qualification.4 Unwired Planet appealed the PTAB's final decision on unpatentability, raising, inter alia, the issue whether the '752 patent qualified for CBM review. Google did not cross-appeal, and the PTO did not intervene. CAFC Rejects Broad Aspects of CBM Eligibility Standard:� In its decision on appeal, the Federal Circuit addressed a single issue � namely, whether the Board's standard for CBM patent eligibility was consistent with the AIA statutory definition. The court answered this question in the negative. The CAFC began its analysis with the definition of "covered business method patent" set forth in the AIA: "a patent that claims a method or corresponding apparatus for performing data processing or other operations used in the practice, administration, or management of a financial product or service, ..." 5 Next, the court acknowledged that the PTO adopted by regulation the statutory CBM definition without change. Noting that the PTO has broad rulemaking authority regarding the CBM program, the court remarked that it "might have been helpful if the [PTO] had used [its] authority to elaborate on its understanding of the definition [of CBM] provided in the statute," but observed that the PTO did not do so.6 Then the court turned to the institution decision, immediately recognizing that the Board did not apply the statutory definition of a covered business method patent, but rather applied its oft-used standard "whether the patent claims activities that are financial in nature, incidental to a financial activity, or complementary to a financial activity." Although acknowledging that the court had previously endorsed the "financial in nature" aspect of the Board's standard, the CAFC stated that the "incidental" or "complementary" prongs are not found in the statute.7 Instead, the court noted that the Board's standard derived from a general policy statement issued by the PTO in comments regarding implementation of the CBM review program, which in turn quoted a statement by Senator Schumer during floor debate over the AIA. However, the CAFC opined that a general policy statement by the PTO cannot become binding law where the PTO did not adopt the policy as part a rule through its rulemaking process. The court further opined that a single statement in the legislative history cannot be controlling, particularly where, as here, the legislative history contains inconsistent statements on the issue. In particular, the court noted that the Board's use of "incidental to financial activity" would encompass activities such as counting money or sorting currency that might be excluded from CBM review according to some statements in the legislative history.8 While recognizing that some patents meeting the PTO policy statement would also fall within what the court termed a "narrow" statutory CBM definition, the court criticized the expansive nature of the "incidental" or "complementary" prongs of the Board's standard. Of concern to the court was the breadth of the standard, which might capture such (hypothetical) patents as a light bulb that works well in a bank vault, or a ditch digger used to extract dirt that is sold � patents that the CAFC clearly believed fall outside of the statutory definition and, thus, not subject to CBM review.9 Indeed, the court indicated that sales activity should not be a determinative factor, even if the specification suggests a potential sale, since "[a]ll patents, at some level, relate to potential sale of a good or service." 10 As a result, the Federal Circuit concluded that the PTAB's use of "incidental" or "complementary" to financial activity as part of its standard for determining CBM review did not comply with the statute. Accordingly, the court vacated the Board's decision and remanded the case to the Board to reconsider and determine whether the '752 patent is eligible for CBM review. Thus, the court's opinion did not foreclose the possibility that on remand the Board could, consistent with proper consideration of the statutory definition, conclude that the '752 patent claims a covered business method. What Does the Court's Ruling Mean for the Future of the CBM Program?� At least in the near term, the CAFC's Unwired Planet decision shows that the court may be reeling in the Board's expansive reading of the CBM statute, and the result is likely to introduce more unpredictability into the program. Since the Board has, from the beginning of the program, relied on the now-rejected standard in making its CBM institution decisions, it will need to build up a new body of case law that focuses more specifically on the precise statutory language set out in the AIA. And the PTO may undertake additional rulemaking efforts to further refine the statutory definition. In the meantime, the PTAB will likely need to revisit more decisions, as patent owners take the opportunity to request rehearing or appeal of rulings where a patent was found to meet the old CBM standard. Of course, the Unwired Planet case may not be finished at the appellate stage. The petitioner, Google, has been granted an extension of time in which to file a request for rehearing or rehearing en banc. And a petition for certiorari to have the case heard by the Supreme Court is not out of the question. Further appellate review might be prompted for a couple of reasons. First, the Unwired Planet opinion casts the statutory definition as a "narrow" one.� But this "narrow" viewpoint contrasts with the opinions of the Federal Circuit in Versata11 and Blue Calypso,12 which characterized CBM review as having a "wide" reach. In Versata, the court rejected limiting the CBM program only to patents affecting the financial industry or financial institutions such as banks, opining that the statutory definition of a CBM patent "on its face covers a wide range of finance-related [sic] activities." 13 Similarly, the court in Blue Calypso rejected limiting CBM review to only those patents tied to the financial sector, relying upon the reasoning in Versata.14 And in both cases the court recognized that the PTO (and its adjudicatory arm, the PTAB) announced an intent to apply a broad brush to the CBM program, citing (among other things) the PTO's policy statement which included the "incidental" and "complementary" language. Although neither case adopted the "incidental" and "complementary" language, they also did not conclude that the PTO had overstepped the statutory bounds by relying on such broad language; the only criticism concerned the PTO's adoption of a rule that repeated the statute without further elaboration in the rule itself. A second reason for further appellate consideration goes to the jurisdiction of the CAFC to review the CBM determination on appeal. The AIA provides a bar on appeal of decisions by the Board to institute trial. See 35 U.S.C �324(e) (applying to post-grant reviews, including CBMs) and 35 U.S.C �314(d) (applying to IPRs). In Versata, the court split 2-1 on whether it could review on appeal the Board's ruling that the patent was a CBM patent. In upholding the ability to review the Board's CBM determination on appeal, the court distinguished its decision in Cuozzo (but before the Supreme Court's ruling in that case).15 In any event, we can expect to see greater uncertainty in the CBM program over the near future. Footnotes 1 See "Tension in the PTAB: How to Determine Whether a Patent Claims a Covered Business Method?", Andrews Kurth Kenyon IPR Blog, http://interpartesreviewblog.com/tension-ptab-determine-whether-patent-claims-covered-business-method/ (Aug. 8, 2016); see also "PTAB Is Inconsistent On Qualifications For CBM Review," Law360, http://www.law360.com/articles/824686/ptab-is-inconsistent-on-qualifications-for-cbm-review (Aug. 10, 2016). 2 Unwired Planet, LLC v. Google Inc., No. 15-1812 (Fed. Cir. Nov. 21, 2016). 3 E.g., SAP Am., Inc. v. Versata Dev. Grp., Inc., Case No. CBM 2012-00001, paper 36 at 21-22 (PTAB Jan. 9, 2013); CRS Advanced Techs., Inc. v. Frontline Techs., Inc., Case No. CBM 2012-00005, paper 17 at 7-8 (PTAB at Jan. 23, 2013). 4 Unwired Planet, slip op at 4-5. 5 Unwired Planet, slip op at 7 (quoting AIA � 18(d)(1)). Of note, the statutory definition explicitly excludes patents for "technological inventions," but the parties did not dispute whether the '752 patent falls within this exception. 6 Id., quoting Versata Dev. Grp., Inc. v. SAP Am., Inc., 793 F.3d 1306, 1325 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 7 Unwired Planet, slip op at 8. 8 Id. at 10-11. 9 Id. at 11-12. 10 Id. at 12. 11 Versata Dev. Grp., Inc. v. SAP Am., Inc., 793 F.3d 1306 (Fed. Cir. 2015). 12 Blue Calypso, LLC v. Groupon, Inc., 815 F.3d 1331 (Fed. Cir. 2016). 13 Versata, 793 F.3d at 1325 (emphasis added) 14 Blue Calypso, 815 F.3d at 1338. 15 In re Cuozzo Speed Techs., LLC, 793 F.3d 1268 (Fed.Cir. 2015), aff'd sub nom. Cuozzo Speed Techs., LLC v. Lee, 136 S. Ct. 2131 (2016). The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances. To print this article, all you need is to be registered on Mondaq.com. Click to Login as an existing user or Register so you can print this article. Do you have a Question or Comment? Click here to email the Author Interested in the next Webinar on this Topic? Click here to register your Interest Contributor Brian S. Mudge Andrews Kurth LLP Email Firm View Website Events from this Firm More from this Firm More from this Author News About this Firm Authors Brian S. Mudge More Popular Related Articles on Intellectual Property from USA NHL's Vegas Golden Knights' Trademark Application Refused Due To Likelihood Of Confusion With The College Of Saint Rose Golden Knights Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. In June 2016, the NHL announced that Las Vegas would be awarded an NHL franchise team, the first major professional sports team in the city and the first new expansion team for the NHL in over fifteen years. Why Should I Hire A Trademark Attorney? Kirkpatrick Law PC When clients ask about filing a trademark application or anything else for that matter, it seems like they are only considering the process itself rather than trademark law. Baring It All: Judge Orders Swingers' Club To Produce Email Distribution List Orrick A recent case in the Southern District of Florida serves as a reminder that even trade secrets may be subject to production to opposing counsel. Biotech Patent Dispute Between Academics That Is Far From Academic BakerHostetler On December 6, 2016, the parties to the complex and soon-to-be departed world of patent interferences orally argued their positions on motions in what has been described as the "biotech trial of the century"... Duran Duran Comes Undone In Fight Over Copyright Termination Rights: English Court Rules Section 203 Notices Breach Band's Publishing Agreements BakerHostetler All rights to the copyrights in these valuable songs are vested with the music publisher. Financial Patent Resurrected After Court Sua Sponte Reverses Alice Decision Seyfarth Shaw LLP After a new judge received the case, the new court found the claims patent-eligible and, as an early Christmas gift to the patentee, reversed the prior invalidity finding. I Don't Like Your Trademark Application Butler Snow LLP As a wise trademark owner, you are always watching. Watching for "problem" trademarks that would harm your brand. And one thing you may be watching closely is the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office... FAME: Here Today, Not Tomorrow. Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie LLP Opposer, Fruit of the Loom, Inc., owns numerous trademark registrations for its FRUIT OF THE LOOM trademark for clothing, and specifically for underwear.   In association with Mondaq Advice Center (MACs) Intellectual Property Investment Immigration Advertising and Marketing More Advice Centers Related Topics Similar Topics Intellectual Property Patent Intellectual Property Copyright Licensing & Syndication Trade Secrets Trademark Related Articles Recently Viewed IP Cases To Watch In 2017 Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. Federal Circuit Trends Of 2016 Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP Graphical Indicator Patent Gets "Definite" Win Under � 112 Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP Change In Law Does Not Always Compel Remand Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP Graphical Indicator Patent Gets "Definite" Win Under � 112 Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP Bringing Prosecution History Back Into Claim Construction Under Broadest Reasonable Interpretation Jones Day Supreme Court Declines To Revisit Broad Personal Jurisdiction Over ANDA Filers Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. Federal Circuit Questions Standing For IPR Appeals Foley & Lardner USPTO Changes To Fees And TTAB Rules To Go Into Effect This Week Jones Day Chief Judge Stark Grants Defendants' Motion For Partial Summary Judgment Of No Willful Infringement Fox Rothschild LLP Recently viewed items tracks each article you read and gives you a quick link back to that article if you need to review it again. To activate recently viewed, you just need to login or register with us above. Related Video Second Quarter 2016 Supreme Court And Federal Circuit Update Brooks Kushman IP For Start-ups: Part VI (Video Content) Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. IP For Start-Ups: Part V (Video Content) Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. View More Videos Up-coming Events Search Region / Country...WorldwideEuropeAsia PacificAfricaMiddle EastAsiaEuropean UnionU.K.CanadaChinaCzech RepublicFranceGermanyIrelandIsraelLuxembourgMalaysiaMoroccoPolandSingaporeSpainThailandUKUnited StatesGuernsey Show More Filters Timeframe...This WeekNext Two WeeksNext MonthNext Quarter Event Type...ConferenceOtherPodcastSeminarSpeaking EngagementWebinar Location...Canada- Calgary- Edmonton- Toronto- Vancouver- Yellowknife, NTChina- UnknownCzech Republic- PragueFrance- ParisGermany- Berlin- Frankfurt- MunichGuernsey- St Peter PortIreland- DublinIsrael- Tel AvivLuxembourg- LuxembourgMalaysia- Kuala LumparMorocco- UnknownPoland- WarsawSingapore- SingaporeSpain- MadridThailand- BangkokUK- LondonUnited States- Atlanta- Auburn- Boston- California- Chicago- Denver- Florida- Massachusetts- McLean- New Orleans- New York- Orlando- Portland- Salt Lake City- San Francisco- Spartanburg- Texas- Troy- Washington- Washington, DC- Waukesha GO Tools Print Font Size: Translation Channels Mondaq on Twitter Free News Alert Custom RSS Feed Download on iPhone & Android Contact Us | Your Privacy | Feedback © Mondaq� Ltd 1994 - 2017 All Rights Reserved   News Alert|Login|Register Login / Register Free News Alert Privacy/ Cookies Terms & Conditions About Mondaq Unsubsribe TOPICS| REGIONS| CONTRIBUTORS| ADVICE CENTER| OUR SERVICES Employment| Healthcare| IP| Commercial| Finance| Litigation| Privacy| Tax| Energy| Media & IT| Government| Consumer| More All Regions |USA |Canada |UK |Europe |Offshore |Asia Pacific |Australia |Latin America |Middle East & Africa |India | More Contributors A-Z | Most Popular Contributors | Most Popular Authors | Author League | Award Winners | Become a Contributor About Mondaq | Become a Contributor | Become a Partner | What's New | Contact Us Become a MAC Partner Select Advice Centre| Mondaq Advice Centre - About| Argentina Austria Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore South Africa Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Accounting and Audit Anti-trust/Competition Law Compliance Consumer Protection Corporate/Commercial Law Criminal Law Employment and HR Energy and Natural Resources Environment Family and Matrimonial Finance and Banking Food, Drugs, Healthcare, Life Sciences Government, Public Sector Immigration Insolvency/Bankruptcy/Re-structuring Insurance Intellectual Property International Law Law Department Performance Law Practice Management Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Media, Telecoms, IT, Entertainment Privacy Real Estate and Construction Strategy Tax Technology Transport Wealth Management All Regions USA Canada UK Europe Offshore Asia Pacific Australia Latin America Middle East & Africa Other Countries Argentina Austria Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore South Africa Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Register for Access and our Free Biweekly Alert for This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you�ve read our Disclaimer).   Email Address Company Name Password Confirm Password Mondaq Topics -- Select your Interests  Accounting  Anti-trust  Commercial  Compliance  Consumer  Criminal  Employment  Energy  Environment  Family  Finance  Government  Healthcare  Immigration  Insolvency  Insurance  International  IP  Law Performance  Law Practice  Litigation  Media & IT  Privacy  Real Estate  Strategy  Tax  Technology  Transport  Wealth Mgt Regions Africa Asia Asia Pacific Australasia Canada Caribbean Europe European Union Latin America Middle East U.K. United States Worldwide Updates Check to state you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive, revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use. Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason. Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available (the Content). You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these terms & conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com�s content, users or contributors in order to offer them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd�s services and products. Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server. The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including what sort of information you are interested in, for three primary purposes: To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting. To enable features such as password reminder, newsletter alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website. To produce demographic feedback for our information providers who provide information free for your use. Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers. The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered by Mondaq by clicking here . Information Collection and Use We require site users to register with Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to view the free information on the site. We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites: this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage, provide 'session-aware' functionality, and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately. This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles, which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) � meaning more free content for registered users. We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us (e.g. email addresses) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages. We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authors of those pages, who may change from time to time. Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties, please tick the box above or tick the box marked "Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure" on the Your Profile page. We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so. Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site, or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with �no disclosure� in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts, users have to complete a separate registration form. This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it. Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas. In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas. Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user�s hard drive that contains an identifying user number. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website (or its affiliate sites) for 12 months. We also use the cookie to personalise a user's experience of the site (for example to show information specific to a user's region). As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled (in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web). However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately (remove it) by selecting the 'Log Off' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so. Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Mondaq (or its affiliate sites) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site. Mail-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend�s name and email address. Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq, but they will not be contacted more than once. The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users� information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com. Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user�s personally identifiable information changes (such as postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user�s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the �Your Profile� page or by sending an email to EditorialAdvisor@mondaq.com. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. How to contact Mondaq You can contact us with comments or queries at enquiries@mondaq.com. If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read The Fast Company Innovation Festival What's Next For American Prisons And Criminal Justice Reform? Five activists, including singer John Legend, debate what's next for criminal justice reform and the role that tech and data can play. Clarence Wardell III, John Legend, DeRay Mckesson, Malika Saada Saar, and Adam Foss work on different aspects of justice reform but align around the role that better data can play in spotting problems and signaling solutions. [Photos: ioulex] More from The Fast Company Innovation Festival How To Lead In 2017 How PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi Is Steering the Company Toward A Purpose-Driven Future How Squarespace's Chief Creative Officer Emboldens His Team J.J. McCorvey 01.09.17 6:00 AM Police shootings of unarmed African-Amer­icans have inspired outrage, but that’s just one of many ways America’s criminal justice system is tilted against people of color. Today, a growing movement is challenging structural racism that has millions of Americans in a cycle of incarceration. We gathered leaders from different parts of this fight—singer John Legend, who founded the "Free America" campaign; activist DeRay Mckesson; former prosecutor Adam Foss; Obama Administration data expert Clarence Wardell III; and Malika Saada Saar, Google’s senior counsel on civil and human rights—for a conversation with Fast Company’s J.J. McCorvey at the Fast Company Innovation Festival in November. You each have a distinct perspective on criminal justice reform. Broadly speaking, what is the way forward for the movement? John Legend: We have to understand that while we talk about criminal justice and presidents and national politics, most criminal justice decisions that affect real people are made by district attorneys, state legislatures, governors—people on the local and state level. Most of the prison system, the budget, and the actual population of the system are not federal. Presidents and Congress affect federal law, but so much of the law that affects criminal justice policy and the communities that are impacted by it is done by state and local politicians. We have to be aware of what they’re doing and push them. We have to get involved in DA races, mayoral races, and police commissioner and sheriff races. Adam Foss: To put some numbers to it, 2.3 million people are in jail and prison, and 10% of those people are in federal prisons. So 2 million people are in state and local jails, put there by state and local prosecutors and overseen by state and local sheriffs. DeRay Mckesson: As for the issues around policing, what’s really hard is that there’s not much data. Any number you’ve ever heard about police violence comes from local media reports. That means if you get killed in America and no newspaper writes about it, you are not in the data set. That is wild. Malika, you recently joined Google and have been working on a lot of these issues. What role should tech companies play in rebuilding trust between communities and police? Malika Saada Saar: We like to disrupt, and if anything needs to be disrupted, it’s mass incarceration. One very powerful and practical approach companies can take is banning the box [removing questions from employment applications about whether people have been convicted of crimes]. [Google] did in March [2016]. I heard someone say that culture always eats policy, law, and regulations. So how can we be part of this cultural shift in understanding the human cost of mass incarceration? At Google, we enabled children of the incarcerated to send digital love letters to their mothers for Mother’s Day, to their fathers for Father’s Day. It was this opportunity to use our platform to give voice to children who have been so deeply hurt because they’ve lost their mother or father to prisons. Malika Saada Saar John, you’ve been touring the country and visiting prisons, listening to what inmates have to say. What have been some of the most surprising insights? JL: I grew up with family members and friends who have been incarcerated. I didn’t look at this problem as something that wasn’t connected to my own lived experience. But I wanted to go and see the human toll for myself and be able to communicate that. We just disappear these people from society. Most prisons are pretty distant physically from our cities, which makes it easier for society to ignore that we have so many people warehoused in them. Families are having a hard time reaching them physically, and the emotional toll, the financial cost for our society and our communities, is tough to watch. I would cry but also be very pissed off. We need to get pissed off. We need to understand that what we do in America is radically oppressive. We are the leading incarcerator in the world. There’s nobody better at locking people up than we are. We need to confront that, because that’s being done in our name. Our money pays for it; our politicians are enacting these laws. If that’s what the land of the free and the home of the brave is known for, why aren’t we saying more to do something about it? A lot of people are sentenced to jail and prison for low-level offenses. That makes me think about the movement to decriminalize marijuana. Most of the people who are able to start businesses based on these new regulations are not people of color, and simultaneously we have a lot of people of color behind bars on marijuana charges. Will the legalized marijuana movement ever get more inclusive? JL: I hope so. California is trying to do a better job than some other states at making it possible for people who were arrested on marijuana charges to get their records expunged and be able to participate in the legal economy that they were participating in when it was illegal. All of the states need to take on similar regulation. John Legend Opens Up On His Life Beyond Music The chart-topping singer is expanding his vision through film and philanthropic work. AF: It’s a grave injustice that what five years ago was getting people sent away for double-digit sentences is now a cutting-edge, moneymaking machine. Adam, I imagine you’ve had to make a lot of these decisions as a former prosecutor. What can be done to encourage prosecutors to pursue alternatives to prison sentences for low-level crimes? AF: I want to talk about what you ended the question with: low-level crimes. There’s this narrative about low-level, nonviolent drug offenders. We’ve been saying it for years: Let’s let those people go free. When do we start talking about populations of people that maybe did something violent—not because they are violent people, but because they lived in a place where their day-to-day was consumed by violence, their conditioning since they were kids was kill or be killed? In a flash, they do something violent, but that doesn’t make them "violent offenders." As a prosecutor, we have a ton of autonomy, but we don’t know anything about the populations that we’re serving. We don’t know anything about where they come from, or the collateral consequences of conviction. It’s a training issue, and on the back end, it’s a metrics issue. When my boss was considering me for a promotion, he didn’t see how much time I had spent out in the community, because we don’t collect that data. He wanted to see how many trials I had, and how many of those I won. Neither one of those equates to anything about safety or justice or accountability. When we start giving people different metrics, then people can be evaluated not by how many trials you won, but by how many people’s lives you made better. That will be a 21st-century system of prosecution. DM: Most cases don’t even go to trial. Our televised myth of how criminal cases proceed is Matlock and Perry Mason and Law & Order—this dramatic situation that goes down. But most of the time someone like Adam is just deciding, sometimes with a public defender or whatever counsel that the accused has, at which level to charge them. Most of the power is in the district attorney’s hand. The judge just kind of puts their stamp of approval on whatever the district attorney decides. A back and forth about the evidence almost never happens. The DA has the power to be more merciful or more harsh. Adam chose in his career as assistant district attorney to think about the consequences of locking people up for a long time, and he was able to improve some people’s lives who may not have had that chance if he wasn’t involved. Clarence Wardell III Clarence Wardell III: What you measure drives a lot of behaviors. As a country, we’re okay with collecting crime data, but we’re not good at talking about the presence of justice rather than the absence of crime. That’s how people think policies like stop and frisk are okay. We’re only looking at one side of the equation. We’re not good at collecting all the data and understanding it right now. What are some of the ways that data collection could be improved? CW: Oh, man. One of the things that worries us in this push for more data transparency and collection is how we analyze and use this data. Right now, the conversation immediately goes to things like predictive policing. But even if we were to say, "Tomorrow all the police departments will share their data," is that even good stuff? The tools that a lot of police departments have are rudimentary. As we collect more data, we need to be cautious about where we’re getting it from, what type of biases are inherent in it already, and then if we’re smart about that, maybe we can make some better decisions. MSS: I work at Google, so we have to talk about data, but before I came to Google, I was a human rights lawyer working on issues of women and girls behind bars. Those stories, those lived experiences, have to be part of the conversation. I worked with women who were shackled during labor and childbirth. I talked to one woman who, when she was transported from Kentucky to Tennessee, at seven months pregnant, had a belly shackle over her during transport. Our girls—our daughters—who are bought and sold for sex are criminalized, arrested for prostitution, even though they are not of age to consent. These girls are put behind bars for essentially being subjected to commercial serial rape, and they’re disproportionately black and brown. When we talk about overcriminalization of our youth, when we talk about the consequence of mass incarceration on our children who are black and brown, we don’t talk about these girls. We don’t talk about what they have experienced. We don’t talk about the sexual abuse–to-prison pipeline that is the girls’ story. Yes, we need the data, without question, and we need data that doesn’t reproduce bias. But we also need to be able to bear witness to women and girls whose lives are broken because they are criminalized. Adam Foss AF: When I came in as a prosecutor, I was just as equipped to be a tax attorney; I just went to the DA’s office. I received no training—just thrown into a courtroom. It’s like, "Here you go, use what you learned on television and what the person who started six months ahead of you is telling you. . . . " We’d get these cases, like a young girl who was in Target shoplifting with a bunch of older men. And I look at this case and I’m like, I’m going to divert your case because I’m a progressive prosecutor, I’m going to give you some community service, and see you later. Another prosecutor might put her on a path to state prison. Neither one of us was talking about all the red flags that this girl was being trafficked. It wasn’t until my fifth year as a prosecutor that I learned that human trafficking didn’t mean that there were bands of women coming over the border from El Salvador and being sold. It was happening in my neighborhood. That’s an opportunity that we have in a data-driven, solution-oriented system. You need to learn this stuff before you even walk onto the job. We just didn’t know that trafficking was a thing that we could be stopping not by punishing these girls for shoplifting but by saying, "Aha, here’s a clue." JL: Nearly every woman that we met when we visited prisons was a victim of some sort of abuse. MSS: Ninety percent. I want to go back to use of force and technologies that can be used to hold police accountable. We saw in the recent shootings of Alton Sterling and Paul O’Neal that officers’ body cameras failed to capture footage of the incidents; a bystander’s smartphone did. When Boston tried to start a pilot program for wearing body cameras, it was a volunteer program—and not a single officer volunteered. What needs to change about the way these potential solutions are implemented? If it’s not body cameras, what other technologies can we use to help hold law enforcement accountable? DM: The activist community is split on body cameras. Some people feel like it’s another form of surveillance in communities. The reason [some] people support it is that there’s never been an officer held accountable without video, whether it was the body camera or a dash cam or cell phone. Without video, it’s like it didn’t happen, right? So we think that is important. What I would say about the data piece is that there’s so much data that is already out there that we haven’t figured out how to assemble yet. Right now there’s no public database of all the elected officials in the country. Doesn’t exist. There’s no public database of bail. You can’t find: How did judge X set the bail in communities? The bail amounts are public—they are in court documents somewhere—but we haven’t figured out how to aggregate that stuff. It’d be interesting to think about how we do that. My organization, Campaign Zero, created the first public database of use-of-force policies in police union contracts. We had to FOIA [Freedom of Information Act] all the police departments and put [the information] in one place. It was 2016 when we did that. Late to the game, but nobody had done it before. JL: There are a lot of things that we aren’t very good at collecting that would be useful for policy makers to know, and for the community to know to hold them accountable. What kind of charges did the district attorney recommend? And then, if [the accused] gets locked up, how long did he or she serve and what percentage of their original sentence? DeRay Mckesson DM: But we know the rainfall in every city in America. Pizza Hut knows where your pizza is. AF: To give some real-life experience why that is, when I went to ask for bail for somebody in a courtroom, I’d write it down on a manila folder with a ballpoint pen. That manila folder would stay in my file cabinet until the case was over. That information was never input anywhere. After the case was disposed, it went into a box that went downstairs, and after five years that box went somewhere else. Five more years later, that box was destroyed. It’s inertia. It’s this idea that we don’t have the resources to give me an iPad in the courtroom so that when I’m inputting bail, as soon as I write out what my bail is going to be, it’s going somewhere and it’s staying there. MSS: I was trained that you always document so you can make sure that the world will bear witness to the human rights abuses committed. One of the reasons I’m excited about being a human rights lawyer working in tech is because we can bear witness in ways that were unimaginable before. Our mobile devices have changed the conversation around police brutality, and that has become a public-square conversation. We are now able to use technology to bear witness to each other’s lives, to document abuse not just within one community, or one country, but in a global context—and then share it on these global platforms. I think about what happened in Ferguson, or Baton Rouge. Technology is about being borderless. It’s about surmounting walls. I mean, if the 20th century was the history of how walls and boundaries define us and diminish us in so many ways, the 21st century is about how we can surmount those walls. Tech is part of what allows us to do that. Every human rights abuse, every genocide, every act of rape, every war crime happens in an atmosphere of isolation and silence. Tech allows us this powerful opportunity to disrupt that silence, to disrupt that isolation, so that we understand what is happening. A version of this article appeared in the February 2017 issue of Fast Company magazine. Never miss a story. Join us in New York City. Get updates about the 2017 Fast Company Innovation Festival delivered to your inbox. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 1 minute read The Fast Company Innovation Festival Jigsaw's Yasmin Green Shares Lessons From Tackling Online Extremism The head of research and development for Google's Jigsaw division explains how to succeed when your mission gets complicated. Yasmin Green, head of research and development at Google's Jigsaw [Photo: Samantha Casolari] More from The Fast Company Innovation Festival Why The Most Productive People Do These Six Things Every Day The First-Timer's Guide To Choosing A Standing Desk You Won't End Up Hating How To (Finally) Quit Multitasking In These Five Daily Activities Fast Company Staff 01.09.17 6:00 AM As a core member of Google’s Jigsaw division, Yasmin Green is using technology to tackle online extremism. Jigsaw is identifying people vulnerable to recruitment by ISIS and other groups and trying to de-radicalize them through targeted online content—a challenge that requires persistence and empathy. Believe In Your Mission When Jigsaw (then called Google Ideas) launched in 2010, it faced skepticism. "It was difficult to get anyone to take you seriously when you said the internet had anything to do with violent extremism," Green said at the Fast Company Innovation Festival in November. "Now the pendulum has swung so far the other way, there’s hysteria that the internet is the root of extremism. And neither of those is the case." Prove That You Care If you truly believe that what you’re doing matters, push yourself as much as you can. "Give a damn about the people who work with you and give a damn about the people you serve. How do you show you care? Time. Spend time understanding others’ needs. Provide and solicit feedback." Get Close To The Problem To more effectively counteract propaganda, Green and her team are trying to understand why people might be drawn to extremist ideologies in the first place. "I went to Iraq and Europe to interview defectors from ISIS. I wanted to hear about the human experience of radicalization—and get former loyalists’ input on designing a solution. [It’s easy to] think anyone who decides to join must be a psychopath or a despicable person," she says, but some ISIS recruits are lured by false promises rather than being attracted to violence. "This is an access-to-information problem. They are making bad decisions based on bad, partial information." A version of this article appeared in the February 2017 issue of Fast Company magazine. Never miss a story. Join us in New York City. Get updates about the 2017 Fast Company Innovation Festival delivered to your inbox. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE IBM's Patent Leadership Tells You A Lot About Its Strategy The company believes that adhering to an aggressive patent strategy will give it more "freedom of action." By Greg Satell Greg Satell is a popular writer, speaker and innovation advisor. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President – Strategy & Innovation at Moxie Interactive, a division of Publicis Groupe, one of the world’s leading marketing services organizations as well as Co-CEO of KP Media, a leading publisher of magazines and websites in Ukraine, including the news magazine Korrespondent and the web portal, Bigmir. You can find Greg's blog at DigitalTonto.com. His first book, Mapping Innovation, will be published by McGraw-Hill in May. @Digitaltonto Author, Mapping Innovation@Digitaltonto WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement IBM announced yesterday that broke the record for patents granted to a single company, with 8,088 patents being granted to its inventors, most of which are in key emerging areas such as machine learning, cloud computing and cyber security. To put that number in perspective, it is more than were granted to Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook combined. Clearly, the numbers of patents IBM consistently puts out year after year is impressive, but some would also say that it's excessive and irrelevant. Tesla has open sourced its patents while others, like Google, have open sourced key technologies. Apple, which receives relatively few patents, has dominated the industry for a decade. Yet IBM's commitment to patents is unwavering. Since 1993, the number of patents it has received each year has increased at a compound annual rate of more than 9 percent. So to learn more about why IBM puts so much emphasis on patents, I talked to Bernie Meyerson, the company's Chief Innovation Officer. What he had to say explains a lot about IBM's strategy. Driving Innovation IBM's Research division is a vast organization, spanning 12 labs and 3,000 researchers over 6 continents and has earned more Nobel prizes than most countries. The work it does is similarly diverse, encompassing not only computer science, but also areas like energy, genomics and materials science. Its inventions range from laser eye surgery and the UPC code to high temperature superconductors and the scanning electron microscope. While much of this research is focused on future business opportunities, such as quantum computing and neuromorphic chips, a lot of it is more exploratory. Much of the research done at IBM will not pay off for years, or even decades. In other cases, IBM chooses not to pursue specific opportunities and will either partner, license or donate technology it creates. "You're never certain as to what's going to be commercially fantastic" Meyerson told me, "That's why we take an unconstrained approach to research and innovation. We want to investigate everything that can help us solve a problem." Yet while the work of IBM's researchers is often not strictly tied to specific businesses, employees still need to be motivated and evaluated. Meyerson believes that, in the absence of conventional business metrics, patents can help play that role. "Using patents as a visible performance metric creates a high bar for researchers, as it requires them to come up with something truly new and foundational," he says. "It's also a motivator, because the people who did the work get recognized on the patent and for its subsequent business impact." Opening Up Opportunities For Collaboration One way that IBM is very different from other technology companies is that much of its business comes from designing solutions for corporate partners. Also, unlike Apple or Google, which sell products and services directly to customers and are sometimes reluctant to patent trade secrets, IBM regularly works with partners to create an end product. Meyerson stressed that its patents are essential to make these types of partnerships work and points to his own breakthrough in silicon germanium chips, which revolutionized wireless computer networks (WiFi), as a prime example. Although the business potential of the technology was immense, it was also clear that this was not an area for IBM to pursue alone. So the company formed a technology alliance with Harris Semiconductor, and its spinoff, Intersil, in which IBM would allow them to contribute to what IBM was developing in its early stages, with Harris/Intersil sharing their insights about what customers would need downstream. Both sides benefited enormously from the arrangement. That fact that the technology behind silicon germanium chips was so well protected also helped the market for WiFi grow, because Harris Semiconductor, as well as its competitors, could be confident that they could build on the technology without fear of crippling legal issues arising. Protecting Freedom of Action A more conventional role of patents is to protect investment in innovation and, of course, that is also a major reason why IBM pursues patents so aggressively. According to its annual report, in 2015 the company invested $5.2 billion in research and development and clearly, it wants to protect its right to monetize that investment. However, the company claims that it practices "reasonable and nondiscriminatory licensing" practices and doesn't try to gouge other firms that want to make use of its technology. So while it does earn licensing revenues, $682 million in 2015, that amount is almost non material given the size of its research budget and the $81.7 billion in revenues it earned that year. What is vastly more important is that patents give IBM what Meyerson calls "freedom of action" to enter the businesses it wants without fear that it will face predatory litigation. It also often cross licenses its patents with other firms who have complementary patents to strengthen its protection to operate freely. Take a look at the seemingly neverending patent war involving Apple and Samsung and you can see his point. The last thing you want to do is to spend your time fighting expensive legal battles instead of developing products and serving customers. And, with its war chest of nearly 100,000 patents earned over the last 24 years, few want to take IBM on in that arena. Intellectual Property In An Increasingly Open World In speaking to Meyerson, what I found most interesting was how IBM's patent strategy strengthened, rather than weakened its commitment to open source. In fact, it was an early supporter of open source, openly championing Linux in 2000 and then later donating 500 of its patents in 2005, when Microsoft was still calling open source a cancer. It has continued this practice of contributing patents to open source ever since. In our conversation, Meyerson explained IBM's rationale. "We use open source when we want to create a community around a technology," he said. "What drives our decision making about open source is that we ask, 'is this the most effective use of finite resources to advance a technology or are we better off helping to build a community.'" So again, by contributing its patents to open source foundations like Linux and Apache, it preserves its freedom of action and allows it to manage its resources more intelligently. For example, it makes no sense for IBM to develop a competitor to open technologies like Hadoop or Spark, when it can more profitably invest in proprietary products to build on top of them. "Fundamentally you do not want to use your patents to impede innovation," Meyerson told me. "You want to encourage others to build on your ideas and increase the market size, while at the same time protecting your freedom of action and to serve your customers well." Registering patents is time consuming and expensive. It also gives competitors an open view to what you're working on and some insights into what products you plan to develop. In IBM's case though, that seems like a small price to pay. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 10, 2017 Advertisement
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeConsumerWith One Crucial Move Google Has Made Self-Driving Cars More Affordable (GOOG) With One Crucial Move Google Has Made Self-Driving Cars More Affordable (GOOG) By slashing the cost of a key component that enables a self-driving car to drive itself, Google has practically given everyone a chance to have their very own autonomous vehicle when it finally hits the market. January 10, 2017 WSP The component is called LIDAR and it stands for Laser Illuminating Detection and Ranging System, or simply Light Detection and Ranging. This is the technology that makes it possible for self-driving cars to see what’s going on around it. In other words, LIDAR is the car’s eyes. So how does LIDAR work? It’s placed on the roof of a car — a small tower with a rotating camera. Using its array of laser beams, it creates 3D images of the objects it sees — including buildings, cars, trees, people and everything else that can obstruct its driving path — then calculates the distance of the object from the vehicle based on how long it takes the laser beams to hit the object and return. This information allows the car to continue driving without hitting anything. When the technology was first introduced, each LIDAR unit cost $75,000. As you can imagine, that in itself guarantees how expensive it will be to produce a single self-driving car. That was in 2009. Now, LIDAR’s cost has been cut down by 90%. With this reduction, making self-driving cars just got way cheaper. And Waymo — Google parent company Alphabet’s maker of self-driving car technology formerly known as the Google Self Driving Car Project – is mow making it possible to produce self-driving cars that even the masses can afford. John Krafcik, CEO of Waymo, was quoted as saying: “Our latest innovations have brought us closer to scaling our technology to potentially millions of people every day.” It’s poised to be a double win for Waymo. More than just bringing down the cost of LIDAR, their technology has vastly improved too. Now, LIDAR has short and long range sensors which allow spotting of big and small objects near the vehicle as well as far from it. Moreover, the company has been working on keeping the entire production process in-house (which means no more outsourcing) — building their own sensors, cameras and mapping software, and consequently allowing them to have more control over their hardware. And with the information they’ve gained from doing miles and miles of test-driving — a combination of 2.5 million miles of actual driving on city streets and billions of miles of computer-simulated driving — there’s no reason to think that they will not be able to come up with modifications and innovations that can further improve the vehicle’s performance and potential applications. “We can imagine our self-driving technology being applied in a variety of ways: personal transportation, ride hailing, logistics and public transport solutions just to name a few,” CEO Krafcik said in a report by Forbes. Before this month ends, Waymo is scheduled to start testing its latest in-house technology in Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Minivans — the modified version of their vehicle resulting from their collaboration with Fiat-Chrysler. If all goes well, Waymo is forecasting that their self-driving technology will become commercially available by year end. On the other hand — BMW, Ford Motors, Tesla and Volvo are all promising to deliver fully autonomous vehicles within the next 5 years. That’s quite a big time difference with Waymo’s bold prediction. Which means the race to be first just got hotter. electric car Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Atlanta Turns Over A New Leaf February 21, 2014 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest NFLX Stock: Can Netflix Deliver Again? January 15, 2017 Facebook’s New Mystery Project (FB) January 15, 2017 This Company Has Just Given The Entire World Access To Quantum Computing January 15, 2017 Get Ready for the Next Exciting Stage of Human Evolution January 13, 2017 A Star Is Headed in Our Direction and Could Threaten Life on Earth January 13, 2017 Editor’s Picks 16 Mind Blowing Facts About Billionaire Warren Buffett You Probably Didn’t Know December 31, 2016 Universal Basic Income: Not Just An Idea But A Feasible Solution December 12, 2016 Scientists Take One Giant Step Closer to Free Energy December 9, 2016 Here’s What Oil Did the Last Time OPEC Cut Production December 7, 2016 A Disease Called Aging November 22, 2016 Only 1,000 Years Left, Then It’s Goodbye Humanity November 20, 2016 Markets SPY 227.05 +0.52 +0.23% Nikkei 19287.28 +0.00 +0.00% UK 7337.81 +45.44 +0.62% France 4922.49 +58.52 +1.20% Germany 11629.18 +108.14 +0.94% EUR / USD 1.0626 -0.0014 -0.13% GBP / USD 1.2045 -0.0136 -1.12% CAD / USD 0.7611 -0.0016 -0.21% AUD / USD 0.7493 -0.0006 -0.08% Oil Fut 52.43 -0.58 -1.09% Gold Fut 1203.00 +3.20 +0.27% Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Italy looking at Google proposal to settle tax dispute - source By Reuters Published: 08:31 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 08:31 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail MILAN, Jan 10 (Reuters) - Italy's tax authorities are looking at a proposal from Alphabet Inc's Google to pay between 270 million and 280 million euros ($286-296 million) to settle a tax dispute, a source close to the matter said on Tuesday. A year ago Italian tax police alleged that Google had evaded paying taxes worth 227 million euros between 2009 and 2013 in a move which was said could result in heavy punitive fines. Governments across Europe are looking for ways to change tax rules which allow multinationals to park profits in other tax jurisdictions. Some countries, including Italy, are also trying to use existing tax rules to force companies to pay more tax on the profits generated by sales in their countries. At the end of 2015 Apple Inc agreed to pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years. "There was a meeting with Google's lawyers just before Christmas when the proposal was presented", the source said. But sticking points to a final settlement include working out final details on how revenues are booked for tax purposes and securing a commitment from the U.S. giant to pay taxes in Italy in the future, the source added. "Google is continuing to work with the competent authorities," a company spokeswoman said. In January last year Google agreed to pay the British government 130 million pounds ($158 million) in back taxes in a deal which opposition parties in the country criticised as too little in view of the size of Google's UK revenues. ($1 = 0.9453 euros) ($1 = 0.8236 pounds) (Reporting by Emilio Parodi; Writing by Stephen Jewkes; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' 'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Homepage Sign in / Sign up Eberhard GrätherBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing I’m software developer, UX designer and startup founder (http://coati.io) Jan 10 Why working on Chrome made me develop a tool for reading source code Coati is a developer tool for fast and efficient source code navigation and exploration. This is the story of how an internship at Google inspired me to start working on a tool for reading source code. I will show early prototypes and explain how the user-centered design process contributed in improving and refining the user interface. This is a rather detailed report. If you prefer a shorter summary, please visit our web page. Interning in the Google Chrome Graphics Team In fall 2012, after a tedious application process, I turned out to be one of the lucky students to get an internship at Google Mountain View, California. It was the last year of my undergraduate degree at Salzburg University of Applied Sciences, where I majored in game development. I had worked a lot with computer graphics, was interested in Human Computer Interaction, I knew C++ and JavaScript pretty well, so this internship at the Google Chrome Graphics Team was the perfect fit. Chrome logo on the wall in front of the office in Mountain View. The first task I got assigned seemed very simple, I almost felt like getting FizzBuzzed, but my supervisor assured me that this won’t be easy. The graphics team had implemented a frame rate meter for Chromium that shows how often the web page is repainted. At the time the only way for displaying it was via the command line flag ‘--show-fps-counter’. My task was adding a checkbox to the settings of the Chrome DevTools, to make the FPS meter easier to access and also adjustable per tab. I figured out pretty fast in which file I had to add the checkbox and I also knew where in the compositor’s HUD-Layer the FPS meter got displayed. All I really needed to do was send a Boolean from one place to the other. How hard can it be? I should get this to work in 1–2 hours tops and have it finished within a good workday. Being a Chromium developer As you might have already guessed, this took me much longer than I expected. The Chromium code base is huge and while my supervisor knew a lot about Chromium’s compositor, which was the main part the team was working on, he couldn’t really tell me much about the DevTools and the relevant parts in-between. He showed me the tools he uses for searching within the code base: grep, git-grep and Chromium Code Search, an online source explorer where the whole Chromium code base is indexed. I realized pretty quickly that I had not the slightest chance of comprehending Chromium’s massive architecture. The documentation was not really helpful, as most of it was too high-level for my use-case. I also learned that although the developers of the team were very friendly, they are not too excited about constantly getting interrupted by some intern asking about the code base. So I spent most of my time on reading source code and drawing scribbles of how classes are composed and where certain methods get called. After around 2–3 days I finally had a very hacky implementation working. I didn’t bother about thread synchronization, removed const at a couple places and didn’t know that I actually worked on two code bases at once, being Chromium and WebKit (now Blink). After some initial feedback from my supervisor, the code review process started and after I rewrote the whole implementation twice, I could finally land the two patches (1, 2) and finish my task. In the end the whole process lasted about one month. The checkbox in Chrome’s DevTools for toggling the FPS meter. Software developers spend more time reading than writing source code In the next meeting my supervisor congratulated me for my great work. I was baffled. To me this whole task took way too long. I spent roughly 95% of my time reading source code. That’s not productive I said and asked him how I could improve. He calmed me down and told me that I was actually much faster than he expected. I was surprised to hear that. Technically I wrote less than one line of code per hour of work time, which did not sound very productive. “Look around” he said, “everyone in here is reading source code most of their time. That’s part of the job on a big software project. It takes about two months for a new developer to actually become productive here.” What developers spend their time on (chart based on "When Understanding means Rewriting”) It was new to me at the time, but it turns out that it’s a common known fact among software developers, that more time is spent reading than actually writing source code. Peter Hallam wrote a blog post about this and argues that roughly 70–78% of a software developer’s time is spent on understanding the existing implementation. This inspired Jeff Atwood to write a post on Coding Horror that further questions whether a developer should read source code at all, or just start rewriting from scratch. Since rewriting is not really an option for new developers on Chromium, the only option is reading source code. How do you read source code? If so much time is spent on reading source code, what tools are available for this task? I started asking developers on the team and friends from university how they read code (There are also threads on Hacker News once in a while regarding this topic: 1, 2). It turns out there is no common strategy for exploring source code. Some developers use grep, some a debugger, others draw diagrams. Most of them just use their source code editor and whatever features it offers. But while source code editors are great for efficiently writing source code, they are not made for quickly retrieving information about the implementation. Chromium Code Search is a big step in the right direction. By showing all occurrences of a certain symbol, it already offers more functionality than most developer tools. But you still need to figure out what relationships a symbol has to other symbols by reading each line where the symbol appears. Programming languages are designed to be dense and expressive, which makes it hard to detect information at a glance. As a software developer you always have to deal with all the details of the source code. You spend your time with going from file to file searching for small pieces of information and slowly build up the mental model of a code path. Building up a mental model while reading source code takes time. I started to observe myself while reading source code. What are the things I’m usually interested in when looking at a class or a function? Most of the time I just wanted to know very simple things. Where is a class instantiated? Which classes implement a certain interface? Where is this method called? Finding this information by reading lines and lines of source code takes a lot of time. The computer knows how the programming language works and thereby already knows where and how all symbols are used within the whole code base. Why can’t I just ask those questions directly? Why can’t I just enter a search query for whatever I wanted to know and have everything laid out in front of me? Visual Navigation through Static Analysis After a couple of weeks I came up with an idea to address this problem: interactive visualization of the source code’s structure. This idea was not really new, I later even learned it was almost as old as programming. I imagined a tool that statically analyzes the source code and thereby figures out which symbols exist and how they relate to each other. This semantic information is then used to create a graph visualization with symbols as nodes and relationships as edges. The visualization is placed next to the source code like a map. By clicking on any node or edge you could instantly see to which line in the source code it belongs. This would allow you to quickly get an overview of all existing symbols, while still being able to access all the details of the implementation. Super simple! A visual representation of the source code’s structure offloads your brain. I kept this idea in mind and talked to some people about it, which produced mixed results. During my internship I continued to work on Chromium’s developer tools, I got to know the DevTools and DevRel teams, and also authored an article on the Chrome developer blog. I am very happy that I had this opportunity to work in a highly professional environment at Google, where I learned a lot about writing robust and maintainable code. Doing some research on Software Visualization I returned to Salzburg in order to finish my undergraduate degree. Part of it was writing a thesis. I was free to choose any topic, so I decided to work on my idea. I wanted to create a prototype and test it on a few participants in a small qualitative user study. At the time I had already some experience in the field of Human Computer Interaction due to an earlier internship at the RMIT Exertion Games Lab, so I was well prepared. I started by reading a couple of books and papers on visualization methods, human visual perception and the history of software visualization. I still remember how I came across one paragraph, that I found especially intriguing. It gives a pretty simple explanation on why software visualization is not widely used within computer science yet: “Visualization is heavily used in mechanical engineering, chemistry, physics, and medicine. Computer scientists have developed sophisticated systems to produce visualizations for these disciplines. Astonishingly enough, computer scientists have only made little use of visualization as a tool for designing, implementing and maintaining software. Even worse, many consider themselves as theoreticians and disregard visualization — an etymologically wrong dichotomy. Programmers tend to adapt to the level of representation provided by the computer, instead of adapting the computers representations to their perceptive abilities.” (Dhiel 2007, 2) A first interactive prototype I didn’t actually implement any static source code analysis for my first prototype. I just created a simple Tic-Tac-Toe game in C++ and analyzed it manually. The prototype was built in JavaScript with Raphaël and Syntax Highlighter. It featured an interactive graph visualization next to a simple code view. The graph visualization was more or less designed after the renown Visual Information Seeking Mantra, which stayed a guiding principle for the user interface design of Coati: “Overview first, zoom and filter, then details-on-demand” (Shneiderman 1996) The graph visualization showed all the symbols of the project and their relationships. When clicking any node the corresponding declaration of that symbol is shown in the code view. Same for edges and their corresponding statements. Class nodes initially hide their members and can be expanded by clicking the ellipsis (…). Image of the first prototype. Different node and edge types were displayed with different shapes. The prototype had some obvious flaws, but it was good enough for fulfilling its one purpose: To test whether an interactive visualization can help in understanding source code. After three years of iterating and polishing, this original prototype has almost nothing to do with how Coati works today. However, if you want to take a look, I made it available here. Most important: Talk to your Users My user study had twelve participants, all more or less experienced software developers. I started by asking them about their workflow and what tools they use. After I explained them how to use my prototype, the main part of the study began. Participants had to retrieve information from the Tic-Tac-Toe game’s source code by picking questions like: Which classes derive from the class Player? What is the purpose of the member Field::grid_? Why does the game restart after a round is finished? (We still use these questions in our Coati trial challenge and the Tic-Tac-Toe source code comes with every download.) Some of these questions were easy to solve with the prototype, others were hard. The participants could only use the limited functionality the prototype offered. I urged them to think aloud while solving the questions. The study ended with a short open interview to gather feedback, which resulted in some very important insights: Participants reported that the graph visualization did indeed help in answering some questions, but it got very confusing as soon as there were too many classes expanded. I noticed that some participants tried clicking symbols in the code view as well, others suggested it during the feedback interview. Some participants were looking for a search feature or later proposed that it should be possible to somehow find every symbol. Most participants had experienced being lost in source code themselves at one point and stated that they would be happy about a properly working tool of that kind. Finding the team and a place to work Alright, this was getting interesting. How can I create this tool properly? The master’s degree that continues my undergraduate degree allows students to work on a big two year project. This was perfect. I had some friends that also continued with a master’s degree, so it was not to hard to get a team of four software engineers together. Eventually we also found a graphic designer. The university even gave us a small project room, that we could use for working between our courses. Team Coati The next iteration: Search, Graph, Code Drawing from the feedback of the first user study we went back to the whiteboard and rethought the concept. We designed and developed another prototype, with some key improvements to the first one: Symbols could be activated to show all relevant information in each view. Every symbol could be found and activated via a small search field with auto completions. The graph visualization only showed the active symbol and all relationships it has to other symbols. Lines in the code view could be clicked to activate symbols. Image of the second prototype. It had a search field with auto completions and an interactive code view. If you want to test the second prototype, I also made it available here. We conducted another user study with this refined prototype and yielded much better feedback. This time the participants really saw a big benefit in a tool like this. They still demanded more features, but we had our proof of concept. Our tool will consist of three main components: search field for finding symbols graph visualization for exploring the relationships code view for all the details of the implementation Coati concept scribble showing the three main components: search, code, graph. Starting development with C++ and Clang Before we could actually start working, we had to take a careful look around and check whether our conceptualized tool did not exist already. We looked into all kinds of developer tools like IDEs, UML tools, documentation software, plugins, extensions and even visual programming languages. We found a lot of tools based on static analysis, some using visualization, some having auto completions, but nothing that really put all these great features together into one simple user interface. We defined key aspects that were important to us and also set Coati apart from other tools: simple: Every developer should be able to pick it up and start using in a couple of minutes. independent: It shouldn’t matter what platform or tools a developer already uses. fast: It should be highly responsive without waiting times for results. offline: There shouldn’t be a need to upload source code or having a constant connection to the internet. companion: It should expand the tool chain of a developer, without replacing any tool. There are already lots of great source code editors out there, there is no need of building another one. Instead we allowed Coati to communicate with source code editors, please have a look at our plugins. One of the bigger open questions was which programming language to write our tool in and which ones to support. Since static analysis doesn’t work equally well on every language, we had to choose a typed language. We decided in favor of C++. C++ is fast, works well on cross-platform, has good cross-platform libraries, is widely used in application development and we knew it pretty well ourselves. We used Clang LibTooling for our static analysis, which also allowed us to easily support both C and C++. Since our last release we also extended our language support to Java, by using JavaParser and JavaSymbolSolver. Making Coati available to developers Fast forward two years. We didn’t want our project to go to waste after our master’s degree finished, so we decided to keep at it. By now Coati has become a small startup and we are working on making a living with our tool. Our website launched in spring 2016, which marked the start of our public beta. We currently offer Coati as pre-release version Coati 0. During the last months, our first customers have helped us a lot in adapting Coati to the requirements of real world software development. They have also demanded lots of new UI features, more than we currently find time to implement. Coati’s current user interface displaying the Tic-Tac-Toe game from the prototypes. By now, I have been using Coati for my development work for about one year and it greatly influenced my workflow. At first I only used it occasionally, when I really had trouble understanding what one of my colleagues wrote. Now I have Coati constantly open on my second screen and use it for most quick look-ups on the code base. I guess I already crossed the point of no return. Among other things I use Coati for: Inspecting the implementation when I start a new task. Exploring dependencies between types and functions. Finding where an interface is implemented and which methods get overridden. Following code paths from method to method. Figuring out what can be simplified or removed when refactoring. Read more about Coati’s features on our web page. Coati has also simplified the communication within our development team. Before Coati, we often spent lots of time arguing about what side-effects changing a certain implementation might have. Now we just look at the problem with Coati and immediately see if problems arise. Coati allows us to see our code base from a bird’s-eye view, which makes it easy to explore all symbols and their dependencies. Over the past months Coati has become a big time saver for us. I’m proud of what we have accomplished already and I’m excited for some great features just waiting to be implemented. If you want to take a look at Coati’s user interface now, then go ahead and download our trial. That was my story on Coati, I hope you enjoyed it! Please share and recommend (that little green heart just below). ProgrammingSoftware DevelopmentTechCodingProductivity 273 7 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Eberhard Gräther I’m software developer, UX designer and startup founder (http://coati.io) 273 7 Share 273 Never miss a story from Eberhard Gräther, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Eberhard Gräther BlockedUnblockFollowGet updates
Subscribe Boston Angel Investors → ▾ Xconomy Boston Xperience Tech + Life▾ EOW Reading List: Automation, Onshoring, Heart, and AI Texas Hold’em Warrior Suit R&D Paves Road to Robotics for the Aging and Disabled Dropped Call? San Antonio’s Carnegie Technologies May Have An Answer Xconomy Bookclub: “Hidden Figures” and the Brains Behind Space Flight Amazon’s Alexa Echoes Across Tech and Beyond View More in Xperience › EXOME Biotech + Health▾ Biotech Roundup: JPM Deals, Gender Diversity, PCSK9 Battle & More Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay U-M Gets $2M to Study Xenex Robots’ Ability to Sanitize Hospitals Manufacturing Issues Stall Tesaro Cancer Nausea Drug at FDA Biopharma Leaders Call for Gender Diversity Amid J.P. Morgan Conference View More in EXOME › Our Regions▾ Boston › Manufacturing Issues Stall Tesaro Cancer Nausea Drug at FDA View More in Boston › Boulder/Denver › Another Notch For “PARP” Blockers As FDA Approves Clovis Cancer Drug View More in Boulder/Denver › Detroit/Ann Arbor › Agtech Startup FarmLogs Harvests $22M From Naspers-Led Series C Round View More in Detroit/Ann Arbor › Indiana › Text Me: ClearScholar Grabs $1.25M for App to Engage College Kids View More in Indiana › New York › J&J, NY State to Form Biotech Incubator in Big Apple’s Genome Center View More in New York › Raleigh-Durham › FDA Rejects Cempra Antibiotic, Asks for Another Clinical Trial View More in Raleigh-Durham › San Diego › Social Fund-raising Website GoFundMe Buys Detroit Rival CrowdRise View More in San Diego › San Francisco › Warrior Suit R&D Paves Road to Robotics for the Aging and Disabled View More in San Francisco › Seattle › Seattle Week in Review: 100k to AMZN, MSFT’s Olympia Agenda, VC Stats View More in Seattle › Texas › Crowdfunding Site EnergyFunders Expands to Offer More Than Just Money View More in Texas › Wisconsin › Northwestern Mutual Launches $50M Venture Capital Fund View More in Wisconsin › Tech Channels ▾ Agtech and Food› Glam Reinvents Blogging and Brand Advertising for a Fragmented Web View More in Agtech and Food › Cleantech› Tour of Texas: SXSW Updates, Traxo, John Arnold, San Antonio Tech View More in Cleantech › Cybersecurity› AttackIQ, Which Makes Tools to Assess Cybersecurity, Raises $8.8M View More in Cybersecurity › Education› Katie Vale, Digital Learning and Tech Leader From Boston, Dies at 51 View More in Education › EXOME: Biotech + Health› Creating Bio “Gestalt” And Photos From New York Life Sciences 2021 View More in EXOME › Fintech› Top of Texas 2016: Big Exits, Ride-Sharing Leaves Austin, & More View More in Fintech › Healthtech› Diabetes Study, Hiring News, Growth Mileposts, & More Local Tech News View More in Healthtech › Robotics and A.I.› Germany’s Software AG Adds Analytic Tools with Zementis Buyout View More in Robotics and A.I. › Startups› Organovo Discloses First Preclinical Data on Human Liver “Patch” View More in Startups › Xperience: Tech + Life› Hopper Tracks Down $50M, Goes All In on Flight-Booking App View More in Xperience › Meet the Xconomists ▾ David Baltimore Nobel Laureate, Professor of Biology, Caltech Joel S. Marcus Chairman, CEO, & Founder, Alexandria Real Estate Equities Aziz Gilani Andreas Sundquist Co-Founder and CEO, DNAnexus Meet All the Xconomists › Bart Lorang CEO, FullContact Bill McKeon Vice president, chief strategy and operating officer of the Texas Medical Center Abigail Barrow Founding Director, Massachusetts Technology Transfer Center Alfred Spector VP of Research and Special Initiatives, Google Our Events ▾ June 8, 2017 · San Francisco Napa Summit 2017 All Xconomy Events › Boston Events › Boulder/Denver Events › Detroit/Ann Arbor Events › Indiana Events › New York Events › Raleigh-Durham Events › San Diego Events › San Francisco Events › Seattle Events › Texas Events › Wisconsin Events › Boston Home Boston Events Archives Xconomists X Lists VC / M&A Deals Smart Voice Assistants Will Spread From Talking Devices To Apps in 2017 Opinion Tim Tuttle January 9th, 2017 @tim_tuttle @xconomy Like Us Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints Millions of consumers who used to type their search questions on a laptop or the tiny keys of a smartphone are now simply telling a tabletop device what they want. Signs are that the Amazon Echo and Google Home—both equipped with smart voice assistants—will turn out to be blockbuster sellers of the holiday gift season of 2016. I think that’s a big deal. It’s going to foretell a new type of user interface that will become very important for any company to include in its apps. Let’s say an Amazon Echo owner wants to order take-out coffee for pick-up on the way to work, and starts a conversation with Amazon’s Alexa, a virtual assistant powered by voice recognition software, artificial intelligence, and machine learning algorithms. Alexa may then loop in an app from Starbucks or another site where coffee orders can be placed. I think that in 2017, we’re going to see such vendors, merchants, retailers, and other companies starting to re-tool their apps with voice assistants so they can join a conversation with consumers, rather than sending them back to a keyboard or screen. By the first few months of 2017, an estimated 10 to 15 million devices such as Amazon Echo and Google Home will be in use by consumers, who’ll tap them to create to-do lists, set their alarms, order online, and carry out other tasks. These voice interactions will yield a mass of data about consumer preferences, individual users’ speech patterns, and other factors. Any company that wants to reach those users needs to deploy a voice interface in their apps that can be launched from Amazon Echo, Google Home, and other voice-assisted devices. The shift to conversational apps could be as significant as the transformation brought on when Apple established its app store in 2009, which spurred companies to adapt their Web apps for mobile devices. Voice interaction requires an entirely new app design that’s very different from mobile apps or Web apps. I predict that the adoption of voice user interfaces will start to take off in app development in 2017, though it won’t be as fast as the transformation triggered by Apple’s app store. The rise of voice interfaces emerged suddenly. Two years ago, it was unclear whether there would be a need for them among mainstream users. Although researchers had been working on speech recognition, artificial intelligence, and machine learning for decades, the combination didn’t seem ready for prime time. But several things changed in 2014. A significant number of people began to use Apple’s voice assistant, Siri, and Google Voice Search to conduct online searches. Large-scale machine learning also became more practical as researchers gained access to much more economical computing power. Then came the debut of Amazon Echo. The numbers sold shocked everyone. It caught all the big tech companies off guard. All those companies are now scrambling to come up with their own similar devices. It has been reported that Microsoft is preparing to launch one. Apple, Samsung and Baidu will likely follow suit. These voice devices are the new front line in the battle for the lucrative search industry. Amazon is very much hoping that Echo will give it a foothold in that industry, which Google has dominated. Google is very aware that if it misses the boat on this, it could lose its dominant position. Former artificial intelligence researcher Tim Tuttle is the founder and CEO of San Francisco-based MindMeld, which provides an AI platform to help companies create intelligent conversational interfaces for apps and devices. Follow @tim_tuttle Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from Xconomy 6 Cybersecurity Predictions for 2017: Ransomware, Skills Gap & More The Evolution of the App Stores For 2017, Concerns on Immigration, Net Neutrality, & Cyber Warfare Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable Notes From The JPM ’17 Vortex: Trump, Rainstorms & The Price You Pay Xerox’s PARC Gets A New CEO: Tolga Kurtoglu Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego Connect with Xconomy Xconomy on Demand Did you miss something? Don't despair… Xconomy offers a number of ways to subscribe for free! Subscribe Now Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion TERROR NETWORK Wife of Brussels attack victim sues Twitter claiming site gives ISIS free reign to raise money, recruit fanatics and spread their evil message Victim's family also took legal action against Twitter, Google and Facebook last year By KAJA WHITEHOUSE, NEW YORK POST 10th January 2017, 12:39 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE wife of a New York man who died in last year’s terror attack in Brussels is suing Twitter in a new lawsuit that calls the social media giant a “tool and a weapon of terrorism.” The wife of Alexander Pinczowski, who died in the March attack along with his sister Sascha Pinczowski, accused Twitter of aiding and abetting ISIS by acting as their communication, recruiting and marketing arm. Facebook 4 Brussels victim Alexander Pinczowski poses next to his wife Cameron Cain Reuters 4 Two bombs were detonated at Brussels Airport on March 22 during coordinated explosive attacks in Brussels “ISIS has also used Twitter’s Direct Messaging capabilities for fundraising and operational purposes,” said the lawsuit by Pinczowski’s wife, Anne Cameron Cain. Cain was joined in the Manhattan federal lawsuit by family members of Nohemi Gonzalez, a California woman who died in the 2015 Paris attack, which killed 130 people. The families of Pinczowski and Gonzalez are seeking unspecified damages to be determined at trial. related stories A 'DISORDERLY' EXIT Ambassador claimed PM is heading for Brexit 'car crash' in meetings with Cameron before quitting BREXIT 'LANDGRAB' Top Brexit department official tried to block new EU ambassador so he could 'take control of talks himself' beeb's bungs off eu BBC trousers MILLIONS in 'secret' cash from Brussels, with £300,000 coming AFTER Brexit vote Eu have to be joking Brussels will have raked in £623 billion in British handouts by 2020, say campaigners 'YOU'VE RUINED CHRISTMAS' Furious Ocado customers blast supermarket for missing festive orders and being offered just FOUR Brussels sprouts Eat your greens Mary Berry's recipe for Brussels sprouts - Christmas cooking tips/advice from the Bake Off star A YEAR IN TERROR Brussels, Nice and now Berlin, how 2016 was the year terror truly and relentlessly came to our doorstep The allegations echo lawsuits filed against Twitter, Facebook and Google after the Orlando, Fla., nightclub shooting. Gonazalez’s family also filed suit against Twitter, Google and Facebook last year in San Francisco, reports the New York Post. All of the lawsuits accuse Silicon Valley companies of not doing enough to stop terrorists from using its service to expand their reach. “The conduct of Twitter was a direct, foreseeable and proximate cause of the wrongful deaths of Nohemi Gonzalez, Alexander Pinczowski,” the New York lawsuit said. On March 22 last year, 32 people died and 270 were injured in three coordinated terror attacks across the Belgian capital. Getty Images 4 Terrorist Mohamed Abrini (L) and a screengrab from the airport CCTV showing a suspect of the Brussels Airport attack Brussels airport suicide bombers were brothers Two of the bomb blasts occurred at Brussels' Zaventem Airport while the third explosion happened at Maalbeek metro station. One of the explosions centred around the American Airlines desk in the departure lounge in Zaventem airport. Another blast reportedly took place on the road leading up to departures. Passengers were evacuated and photos showed smoke billowing from the building after the terror attack. Depraved terror group ISIS later claimed responsibility for the senseless attacks. PA:Press Association 4 The devastation inside the airport following the bomb blasts in March, 2016 New CCTV video shows Brussels suspect 'man in white' fleeing scene of bombing We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News RED-HANDED Stepdad 'catches his 15-year-old stepdaughter's dance teacher 'in bed having sex with her'’ News Exclusive MEGHAN MEETS MIDDLETON Prince Harry introduces Meghan Markle to Kate Middleton at Kensington Palace News PAEDO CAGED Teacher who became pregnant after sex with 13-year-old pupil 'nearly every day' jailed for ten years News Graphic Warning FEET AND SOUR Chinese restaurant accused of serving human FEET to diners as waiter posts horrific image of rotting flesh News 'THEY'RE JUST DIRTY BIG PERVERTS' Mum-of-eight mechanic who complained over cuts to her £31,000 benefits says she is… News supermarket sleep 'Lazy' woman spotted wearing her dressing gown while visiting Morrisons is shamed by onlooker News FEELING LUCKY? National Lottery results live: Winning Lotto numbers for Saturday 14 January 2017 £10.4million jackpot News SOHAM SEX CHANGE Child killer Ian Huntley 'wants SEX CHANGE paid for by the NHS so he can serve life in woman's prison News Exclusive MARKS AND STENCHER Gran's fury as M&S drivers refuse to deliver bed to her house because they say it's 'too SMELLY' News Don our side Donald Trump says he 'loves' the UK and reveals he wants a quick and fair trade deal to help make Brexit 'a… News SUICIDE STREAMED ONLINE Girl, 12, streams her own suicide online for 20 minutes after being 'sexually abused by a relative' News IN A SPIN Watch incredible moment a gambler puts £35,000 on number 32 in roulette... and wins £3.5MILLION on a… News MAULED TO DEATH Vet and his assistant are savaged to death by three bloodthirsty LIONS at wildlife reserve News Exclusive TAKING THE P! Shoppers mock Sainsbury's after customer finds 'bargain' Heinz tomato soup is reduced by just ONE PENNY News FROZEN FOOD ALERT Food watchdog urgently recalls ELEVEN 'unsafe' frozen chicken and fish products News Most Popular Revealed rash choices Ever get those little red bumps on your legs when you shave? The reason why will gross you out Living 'KILL HIM' Emmerdale fans demand rapist Pierce Harris is KILLED OFF after his treatment of Rhona Goskirk darkens TV & Showbiz Revealed 'it BROKE MY HEART' Olly Murs' mum left seriously ill and on the verge of a breakdown after his twin Ben disowned the family TV & Showbiz Exclusive Posh spite Victoria Beckham scuppers £10million Spice Girls reunion after calling in lawyers to block group from… TV & Showbiz Video NOW THAT'S AN ENTRANCE! Chloe Ferry puts on an x-rated display as she goes topless, gyrates on a plastic dog and flashes her… TV & Showbiz SHE MUST'VE BEEN BRICKING IT Single mum can’t afford a house... so she builds one HERSELF using YouTube tutorials Living THAT'S KARMA! Homeless man's life transformed after he offers couple who missed their last train his duvet News 'HE EXISTS!' Corrie viewers left raging as Michelle Connor is denied a birth and death certificate for her miscarried baby TV & Showbiz WTF MARCH OF THE MOON MAN These two pictures were snapped in quick succession... so what is the spooky figure that's suddenly… Living Pictured BYE BYE BABY Liam Payne leaves pregnant Cheryl behind as he jets back to LA amid rumours she's about to give birth TV & Showbiz Drink stink Mum horrified to find green MOULD lurking in her toddler son's juice bottle from Greggs Living Revealed CORRIE ON SOAPING Katie Redford lands new soap gig after being axed from Corrie Street role for lying about her age TV & Showbiz RED-HANDED Stepdad 'catches his 15-year-old stepdaughter's dance teacher 'in bed having sex with her'’ News Graphic Warning 'Call me daddy' Sex survey reveals the very kinky things women like men to say during a romp Living Exclusive BAD DAD Dad of wannabe star on Gary Barlow's new talent show Let It Shine is ex-IRA terrorist who was jailed for 25 years TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt What's the Next Step in the Evolution of AI? By Virginia Backaitis | Jan 10, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Experience Artificial intelligence holds plenty of promise — but it's "not magic," one expert says. PHOTO: petcor80 The term artificial intelligence (AI) was coined in 1955 when a small group of scientists lobbied the Rockefeller Foundation to fund the Dartmouth Workshop, a two month project whose purpose would be "to find how to make machines use language, form abstractions and concepts, solve kinds of problems now reserved for humans, and improve themselves." It is the same definition that many of us use today. So what exactly have we been doing for the last 60 years? Despite its age, these are still early days for AI, according to Andrew Ng, founder of the Google Brain project at Google, the former director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and chief scientist at Baidu Research.  AI, he states unequivocally in an article in Harvard Business Review, "will transform many industries."  "But it’s not magic," he adds. "If a typical person can do a mental task with less than one second of thought, we can probably automate it using AI either now or in the near future," he wrote. OK, so it's no silver bullet. But it's already moved beyond a fad to the foundation of useful products.  In a recent CMSWire story, Amit Kothari, CEO of Tallyfy, said the biggest developments of AI in the office can be split into two distinct areas. The first is natural language processing (NLP), which is the capture and identification of data The second is machine learning, the ability to see data patterns and predict outcomes through analyzing historical patterns He predicts interesting things: "We need to think of AI as a tool for coaching, in this way we can tap into human expertise — and enhance this with machines." The Question "What's the next step in the evolution of AI?" The Answers John Ball, SVP, Salesforce and GM, Salesforce Einstein John Ball Ball oversees the innovation and product direction of delivering AI to Salesforce's Customer Success Platform. Before his current role, he was the CEO of KXEN for four years, where he lead its transition from a tools company to a predictive applications company. Before joining KXEN, Ball served in several executive roles at Salesforce. During a five-month sabbatical in 2014, he was Chief Fun Officer, "shuttling kids, cooking, swimming and biking, marathon TV series binges." Tweet to John Ball In 2016, the industry made incredible progress to democratize the power of artificial intelligence even further. AI interfaces and technology are now so intuitive and easy to use that they have become a seamless part of the way we run our personal lives. But there is still a lot of work to do when it comes to bringing AI into our businesses. The challenge is twofold: getting AI right is hard and the vast majority of companies just don't have the technical expertise and infrastructure required. In addition, AI should be seamlessly integrated into the business user experience. Until recently, the insights, predictions and recommendations coming from AI were available in a separate application and only accessible by data experts, not the business users. The next evolution of AI will ring in the age of the citizen developer where every business user — not PhDs and data scientists — are able to leverage AI to make smarter, more predictive decisions.  Intelligent business apps will become more consumer in nature, mimicking the simple experience and lowering the barriers to entry to empower business users across sales, service, marketing and IT to transform their business. Just like Siri is built into our phones and Netflix recommendations appear right on the homepage, AI will be embedded directly where people work — not siloed in complicated tools that are controlled by a select few.  Predictive insights and recommended best next actions will appear within daily business workflows and every customer interaction will become more intelligent, and in turn, every business user will become more productive.  Steve Lucas, CEO, Marketo Steve Lucas Lucas won the top job at Marketo just three months ago, leaving a career at SAP behind him. At SAP he was most recently the president of platform solutions, leading the organization's growth and expansion into a range of technology markets. Before that he was global executive vice president and GM for its database and middleware business, as well as global GM for its business analytics organization. Before SAP, Lucas was SVP of platform marketing at Salesforce. Tweet to Steve Lucas. We reap all the benefits from analytics, computational insights, predictive models, and the like, especially when predictability provides us with assistance or convenience. Cut to the chase: humans are willing to behave predictably for the sake of convenience. To that end, I believe we will see a dramatic acceleration of adaptive and intuitive applications and technologies, such as AI, unlike we have ever seen.  This acceleration will make all of our devices and applications smarter in order to accommodate our behaviors. And in a world where technology is ubiquitous and everyone and everything is connected — a notion I call the "Engagement Economy" — the winners will use these technologies and more to engage with people in an authentic and personalized way at scale. Jamie Anderson, Senior Vice President and CMO, SAP Hybris Jamie Anderson Anderson is responsible for leading solution and industry marketing across the SAP Hybris solutions portfolio. Before this, he led global solutions marketing for SAP's Customer Line of Business (LoB) solutions (CRM) and was also responsible for positioning and messaging development for SAP's LOB Customer (Sales, Service, and Marketing) solutions. Anderson also spent time at Adobe as head of its Financial Services Industry solutions marketing in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and at Siebel as a principal solutions consultant, financial services. Anderson was formerly a singer/songwriter with Scottish rock band Big Wednesday. Tweet to Jamie Anderson. Today's conversations are simplifying the potential of AI by putting it in a narrow scope. The market discusses AI generally as an automated program response (chatbots), but it can be enabled to learn and adjust responses based on the questions it is asked.  The future of AI lies in pairing the technology with real-time, live data to create personalized and contextualized experiences. AI has the ability to go beyond machine learning by interpreting and understanding the subtext of human emotion to create engaging experiences. In this, AI can completely change the customer experience because most consumers make decisions based on its emotional impact. By interpreting explicit signals that are usually only visible during in-person conversations, such as facial impressions, marketers can truly understand their customers and provide intelligent responses. With facial recognition we are close to harnessing this power, but the power of AI lies in using every single piece of data you have access to. HBO's recent show, Westworld, brought up the emotional capability of machines.  Compared to the 1970's version of Westworld, it's easier to imagine a world where we interact with AI on a daily basis because of the data processing power we now have access to. Having access to mass amounts of real-time data is what makes AI functional and effective today, but we need to continue to add data to make it smarter and more impactful. Noah Wasmer, GM and SVP, Mobile Products, VMware Noah Wasmer Wasmer is responsible for global research and development for VMware's mobile product lines including AirWatch EMM and next-gen mobile productivity apps. Before rejoining VMware in 2014, Wasmer was iPad product marketing manager at Apple. He says he is "motivated to create delightful products that help people love their work." Tweet to Noah Wasmer. VMware has already integrated AI technology into some of its end-user computing solutions such as VMware AirWatch Unified Endpoint Management, where the solution automates daily mundane administrative tasks to reduce the size and burden on IT required to manage hundreds of thousands of devices and allow them to focus on other priorities. The new world of unified endpoint management (UEM) backed by intelligent analytics enables next gen Win 10 PCs, mobile devices, wearables and even IoT to be updated, patched and secured in real time — while providing a user experience that delivers a real-time catalog of services. What makes it possible? Analytics and intelligence. In next gen mobile and cloud operating systems (iOS, Android, Chromebooks, Win 10, etc.) a fundamental root of trust is established (and secured in a secure enclave) provides an analytics engine the ability to receive near real-time posture and context data — imagine 700 points of data every 30 milliseconds.  By analyzing the data and leveraging prediction models such as tensor flow, true business problems can be handled easily and automated. Security is one area where we can make improvements in automation using AI with user/peer group learning while still maintaining user privacy. For example, if an employee jail breaks or "roots" a mobile device, rather than a full erase of the device, a UEM solution with integrated artificial intelligence can instantaneously remove all corporate data and apps while leaving the personal data intact. As businesses assess global threat intelligence, real-time information provides quick data points to elevate security. If an endpoint device is detected as compromised in a specific office location, artificial intelligence can make the decision to automatically prompt other users who visited that area in the past 30 days for additional authentication while the incident is being reviewed and mitigated. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments OpenText's Loss, RSA's Gain: Rohit Ghai Leaves Dell EMC ECD 12 Ways AI Has or Will Change Content Management Atlassian to Acquire Trello in $425M Enterprise Collaboration Deal The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP What's the Next Step in the Evolution of AI? Sitecore Unlocks Content, Commerce Disconnect in Latest Release Google Is Using AI to Improve Website Images IT Spending to Grow 2.7% in 2017, More News Why B2B Ecommerce Experiences Still Lag B2C Digital Is Making Government Redundant Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags artificial intelligence, big data, customer experience, cxm, digital experience, dxm   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Jan 18 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Virtual Assistants & Chatbots - The Next Big Thing in Customer Experience Jan 26 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Evolving DX Fabric #DXChat Feb 2 [Forrester and Lytics Webinar] The Secrets To Web Personalization Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Feb 23 CMSWire Tweet Jam: Exploring Digital Workplace Leadership & Ownership #SocBizChat Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles OpenText's Loss, RSA's Gain: Rohit Ghai Leaves Dell EMC ECD view comments 12 Ways AI Has or Will Change Content Management view comments Atlassian to Acquire Trello in $425M Enterprise Collaboration Deal view comments The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP view comments What's the Next Step in the Evolution of AI? view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6222.1889. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Google's Tango: Now your phone lets you explore history beyond museum exhibits Google will partner with museums around the world to give visitors a taste of its Tango augmented-reality phones. By Liam Tung | January 10, 2017 -- 11:22 GMT (03:22 PST) | Topic: Mobility Google's Tango augmented-reality tech lets visitors view art and artefacts through a phone's display to expose additional contextual information, such as an X-ray view of the skeleton of a 2,000-year-old mummy inside its coffin. Image: Google Google is one-upping the traditional audio guide by teaming up with museums around the world to give visitors an augmented-reality experience of historical artworks through Lenovo's Tango-enabled Phab 2 Pro phones. The Tango partnerships, starting with the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA), will give Google's nascent augmented-reality (AR) platform for phones some extra exposure and offer a template for museums to enhance exhibitions with AR mobile tours. Visitors to the DIA will be able to ask the front desk for Lenovo's 6.4-inch display Phab 2 Pro phone, the first handset to support Google's Tango-based AR apps, which uses depth sensors and loads of processing power to superimpose digital objects on real scenes. Microsoft HoloLens, hands-on: What it's like to wear the future Testing out Microsoft's mixed-reality headset. Read More The Detroit-based museum worked with app maker GuidiGO to build a Tango app called Lumin, which packages 3D mapping and AR into a mobile tour. While the Phab 2 Pro is an early iteration of Tango-enabled hardware, its AR capabilities make it an ideal tool to refresh the ageing audio tour. The DIA has added AR overlays, videos, photographs, sounds, and touch-based animations to show what can't be seen and help visitors understand an exhibit in its historical context. Visitors can view art and artefacts through the phone's display to expose additional contextual information, such as an X-ray view of the skeleton of a 2,000-year-old mummy inside its coffin, faded limestone sculptures in the richer colors they would have been had thousands of years ago, and a digital reconstruction of the six-storey high Ishtar Gate of Babylonia that extends the serpent panel from the gate in the DIA's collection. It's also added a few games, such as puzzles and quizzes, that once solved reveal sounds and images relevant to an artwork, as well as maps to guide visitors to different galleries, restrooms, restaurants, and the museum shop. "Lumin connects visitors with artworks in a global context beyond the DIA," DIA director Salvador Salort-Pons said. "Augmented reality allows the user to see the unseen, imagine art in its original setting and understand how objects were used and experienced in people's everyday lives. It's an exciting way to incorporate the latest technology into the visitor experience." Google hasn't revealed which other museums the Tango partnership will extend to but promises that the technology will be coming to museums around the world. Read more about augmented reality Virtual reality, augmented reality markets poised for growth spurt Lenovo enters smart glasses fray, targets business, augmented reality, June availability Augmented reality, AI, and autonomous delivery -- is this the future of food? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung Display ad could suggest Galaxy S8 design Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices Mobility Barnes & Noble pulls Nook Tablet 7-inch from sale due to faulty charger Mobility iPhone 8, Galaxy S8 to have highest water-resistance rating: Report × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Sustainable Energy Sustainable Energy TV Shows Brainstorm Event Apple the greenest tech company in the world: Greenpeace Anmar Frangoul Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 6:07 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES A new report from Greenpeace has found that Apple, Facebook and Google, as well as relative newcomer Switch, are leading the way when it comes to building a renewably powered internet. The report, Clicking Clean: Who is Winning the Race to Build a Green Internet, ranked companies on a range of green credentials, from energy transparency and renewable procurement to energy efficiency and mitigation. For the third year in a row Apple leads the way, with a 'final grade' of 'A' and a clean energy index score of 83 percent. Facebook and Google also scored 'A' grades, with clean energy index scores of 67 and 56 percent respectively. "Thanks to the leadership and advocacy of companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, and Switch, we are seeing the tech industry make major strides toward powering the internet with clean energy," Gary Cook, Greenpeace's senior IT analyst, said in a statement. Sustainability is becoming increasingly important to large tech companies. Apple, Google, and Facebook have all joined the RE100, a group made up of some of the world's largest businesses committed to 100 percent renewable energy. While the report found many positives, Greenpeace highlighted emerging East Asian internet companies as an increasing cause for concern. The lack of access to renewables "from monopoly utilities is a major obstacle toward creating a renewably powered internet in this region," Greenpeace said in its report. "Without key policy changes, the rapid growth of the internet in East Asia will likely be powered by coal and other dirty sources of electricity," it added. The north and southeast Asian region was the world's biggest emitter of CO2, Greenpeace said. "We must see East Asian internet companies exhibiting the will to commit to 100 percent renewable energy, particularly as they expand to markets around the world," Jude Lee, Greenpeace East Asia senior climate and energy campaigner, said. "Leading IT companies in the United States have already shown that the majority of the industry recognizes that clean power is both good for the environment and good for business," Lee added. "East Asian companies must step up to embrace that reality as well." Anmar FrangoulFreelance Digital Reporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL ---
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Voice Update Might Be Coming Soon As Website Reveals New Banner 10 January 2017, 5:09 am EST By Chris Loterina Tech Times Snapchat - What You Should KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Internet In A MinuteNow Playing Some Google Voice users reported a banner advertisement popping in their inbox, announcing a new version ready for download. While the banner seemed to be an accidental slip, Google confirmed that an update is indeed coming.  ( Google | Play Store ) Advertisement As reports indicate, it seems that Google Voice will finally get a much-needed update soon. This came after some users have started seeing a banner ad in the Voice app itself, encouraging them to try its new version. Google Voice vs. Hangout The Voice update would be quite confusing for some users especially those located outside of the United States because it has been integrated into Google's Hangouts app. This crowd will probably wonder how Voice could be separately updated without affecting Hangout. One should note that searching for the Voice service will also lead one to the Hangout platform for users overseas. However, Google still maintains a standalone Voice app as part of its messaging platform both for the browser (with its own Voice website) and at the Play Store, where it is described as a platform where one can make international calls with a Google number. Users can also send text messages and listen to voicemails. Last Voice Update That being said, Voice has been languishing at Google's labs, having received an update last 2014. Its users, which are mostly constituted of business people, therefore, got a pleasant surprise when the ad surfaced. Interestingly, it is currently displayed for a group of Voice users and not all. Those who were able to see the banner, however, have explained that it served as a link to a target where they could download and try the new version. Once it is clicked, it merely redirects the user to the original page. This has led observers to conclude that Google is still holding the off switch, but the new version could go live anytime in the next few days. Expected Voice Features The update will likely entail a reworked UI especially for its desktop version, which still sports the design language of the old Gmail. It is also expected to land with build that will be closely integrated with Hangouts, as well as other related Google messaging services such as Google Allo and Duo. Save for the ad, Google has not released any official statement about the looming Voice update. Knowing the company, however, we can expect a detailed log of new features especially if the update proves to be huge. In the meantime, fans can be reassured that the update is really coming based on what Google recently told The Verge. "Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call," a Google spokesperson said. "We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can." TAG Google, Google Voice, Google Allo, Google Duo, Hangouts © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Hangouts vs Duo vs Allo: What's The Best Messenger App For You? Snapchat vs. Viber Wink: Which Ephemeral Messaging App Is Right For You? Edward Snowden Warns Against Google Surveillance: 'Don't Use Allo' Here's How To Download And Install Google Allo Google Allo Now Available: Is The 'Smart' Messaging App A Facebook Or Snapchat Killer From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Voice Update Might Be Coming Soon As Website Reveals New Banner – Tech Times Posted on January 10, 2017 by Tech Times Some Google Voice users reported a banner advertisement popping in their inbox, announcing a new version ready for download. While the banner seemed to be an accidental slip, Google confirmed that an update is indeed coming. ( Google | Play Store ). Google Voice updates are imminentEngadget New Google Voice About to Launch?Droid Life (press release) (blog) The Google Voice website is hinting at a big redesignThe Verge ZDNet -Digital Trends -Android Headlines -9 to 5 Google all 26 news articles …read more wrote 24916 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Aireon Announces Successful First Launch For Space-Based ADS-B Network – Yahoo Finance Xbox Is Making Major Changes With Its Home Button – Cinema Blend Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests – The Verge Amazon seeks FCC permission to run undisclosed experiments in Washington State – Christian Science Monitor SpaceX makes triumphant return following fall disaster – Digital Trends Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Now Trending: Holiday Train Comes to T... Music professor’s reci... Loras Players’ clever ... LCDM hosts Christmas par... Home News Sports LCTV LCTV News SportsZONE Take 5 Webcast Live Sports LCTV on YouTube The Lorian Features Opinion Politics Menu Clarifying clear-cut products of mobile app development Jatapp.org Colin Halbmaier | January 9, 2017 | app development company | No Comments AppSheet Integral Points of views of Transforming Your Site perfectly into a Portable App Generate an app AppSheet September 06, :57 There are a few methods to create an application. 1. Get started with an example You could start by copying a sample practical application from theme art gallery. Just start any application and click on “Copy” at the top. You’ll get the substitute for rename the software. Some tips about what AppSheet does once you go through the Alright option: Makes a folder just for this iphone app at [fog up provider]VersusAppSheetPerinfoAnd[appName]. Clones the spread sheet(ersus) utilised by the iphone app into this file. Creates a mobile phone application immediately through the spread sheet(ersus). You have entire accessibility spread sheet that had been utilized mobile application development in Los Angeles to produce this iphone app. You mobile app development hybrid can either put it back with your personal details or switch the signal from an additional spread sheet. Note: whenever you copy an application, you aren’t getting a duplicate of the icons and art logos– you have got to add individuals later on. When you’ve clicked on “Ok”, you’re now taken to AppSheet’s Editor application where you’ll customize your practical application. From this level, alter the Author. You can preview the information inside worksheet, see a worksheet on its own, or switch even to another worksheet. Observe: should you switch to your individual spread sheet, you will have to just click “Refresh ray structure” so AppSheet desires the ray framework of the new spreadsheet. To have a new application, click on the “My apps” tabs at the top. Then click on “Make New App mobile app development”. You’ll see a eye-port which you could title a new app and decide if you should use small sample information or even decide on your personal. Beginning from sample information might be a good idea if you’re not sure the best way to construction your worksheet or maybe you’d want to see how data inside a pre-active spread sheet reveals within an application. If you pick your own, you will observe a popup eye-port which will let you choose the spreadsheet from a cloud supplier. In any event, you always have the alternative inside software Writers to change to a different spreadsheet . 3. Produce blog with AppSheet’s Search engines Apps increase-ons You may use AppSheet’s create-on for Search engines Linens to convert your Blankets into mobile phone applications. This is the fastest way to generate programs if you’re making use of Google Sheets. You need to commence with a Yahoo and google Sheet that by now has some data. AppSheet is most effective in the event it has at least a number of lines of well-organized information to use. Through your Yahoo Bed sheet, click on Increase-ons -> Get Put-ons -> then install AppSheet (it really is cost-free). Then press Add-ons once again –> AppSheet. 3. A lite will show up to the right. Click InGo”– AppSheet will immediately create a mobile phone app from your data. 4. After you are taken up a internet browser loss on where one can alter and refine your practical application. Details within the app along with the spread sheet often remain in connect. Google’s Kinds AppSheet add-on functions similarily as Yahoo and google Sheets, with one exception. In order to translate the proper execution information and enable you to see tendencies, Google generates a ‘response’ Search engines Linen for every single Sort. This worksheet ‘s what AppSheet works by using to generate a cellular iphone app. This android apps development is actually the easiest method to make programs if you are applying Bing Types. Start with a Google Variety wherever you’ve got extra a few variety questions. From a Yahoo Linen, click on Increase-ves -> Get Add-ons -> then install AppSheet (it really is no cost). Then press Add-ons again –> AppSheet. Click on ‘Prepare’ within the create-on lite. Soon after a few moments, the ‘Launch’ button will likely be empowered. Click on ‘Launch’ — AppSheet will routinely create a portable iphone app that includes a comparable portable form. You’re now come to the iphone app Writer on where you can individualize your software. Be aware: If you make changes for your type right after already acquiring developed an app, you have to turn back over the Prepare and Release procedures in the put-on pane to ensure that AppSheet can understand the adjustments. The Google Files AppSheet add-on is the swiftest strategy to flip your newspaper-centered varieties into mobile apps as you can promptly produce an app having a Yahoo Doc made up of placeholders. The create-on enables you to build a Google File format with input placeholders that you can update with a portable iphone app. Also, every time a solution is submitted, you have a content of the accomplished format by means of Email and also as a Pdf document. Create a doc with placeholders for suggestions grounds. Any word which includes << >> close to it is an insight placeholder. AppSheet will turn people placeholders into columns of your reply linen making a portable iphone app where you can insert the values for that placeholder, that may then be sent to you via mail and also as a Pdf file. Release the AppSheet put-on in the add-ons menus. Simply click InPrepareInch an then InStartInch from the inside the AppSheet sidebar. After you are taken to the app Author on where you could modify your software. 4. Develop apps with AppSheet’s Smartsheet and Company 365 integrations Smartsheet’s integration with AppSheet means that you can quickly find their way from your Smartsheet to AppSheet, but ‘s no elegant add-on and requirements you to understand the In .generate a new iphone appIn procedure as described earlier mentioned in step # 2. A. signal into AppSheet immediately with the Smartsheet bill, and after mobile application development in London that select files from that bill or, W. mount AppSheet’s incorporation from Smartsheet’s Software Adult ed. When you finally set up AppSheet (by logging into AppSheet along with your Smartsheet consideration through the visitor pop-up), following that you can make programs directly from your Smartsheets by simply clicking the Consideration menu at the pinnacle, then InPrograms and IntegrationsInch. You will notice AppSheet: Clicking the web link will take you to where one can then log in via Smartsheet and publish your Smartsheet information. AppSheet’s put-set for Office 365 works significantly identical to the Bing Varieties, Search engines Paperwork, and Bing Bedding put-ons. For anyone who is doing work from an Exceed report, you can contribute AppSheet’s create-in in the Workplace 365 retailer. In the In .EmbedInch menu, press InchWorkplace Add-inches wideInches. To find AppSheet, look for a shop. If you have additional AppSheet, just api development services twice select the AppSheet image. The increase-in lite will show up on the right. As you seek to generate an application, press InchGoInches within the lite. You’re now taken to the software Writer on which you could customise your software. Whether or not you’ve picked sample files, developed a new iphone app from a unique data, or utilised AppSheet’s Search engines, Smartsheet, or Workplace 365 integrations, you will be taken to an internet site where you could makes use of the Simple or State-of-the-art Editors to modify your iphone app together with view your dwell app actually in operation. In the next section, we’ll throw themselves into learning to make prosperous custom remaking for a app. Reviews () Tweet About The Author chalbmaier Features Editor, The Lorian Add a Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with us! Facebook Twitter YouTube MyDuhawk MyDuhawk.com is a student run, converged media publication of Loras College Television and The Lorian newspaper. Our focus is to bring you news and sports from Loras College, as well as the Dubuque and surrounding communities. SEARCH MYDUHAWK ARCHIVAL POSTS January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Sports History of the Champions League Cross-country teams shine on national stage Wrestling team ripples the mats Basketball: Men focus on being aggressive Basketball: Women plan to push the tempo The magic number Copyright © 2017 MyDuhawk.com. Theme by MyThemeShop. About Us Staff Awards Contact  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish LG G6 Could Come With A Google Or Amazon-Powered Voice Assistant By Tyler Lee on 01/10/2017 02:58 PST There are a couple of things that we know for sure will not find its way into the LG G6. For starters it will lose the modular concept that debuted with the LG G5, and it will also come with a 5.7-inch QHD+ 18:9 display. Now according to the rumors, it seems that the LG G6 could be getting a brand new voice assistant. At the moment pretty much all Android phones have a voice assistant in the form of Google Now, save for the Pixel handsets in which they will be using the new Google Assistant platform. However if the rumors are true, LG could be getting a new voice assistant that could either be from Google or Amazon, in which the latter will be Alexa. Google has previously stated that Google Assistant will be exclusive to the Pixel for now, but since we doubt it will be permanent, perhaps Google will want to kick things off with the LG G6. Alternatively Alexa could be a possibility, especially when you consider the fact that Huawei announced their plans to integrate the Alexa into the Huawei Mate 9. In any case since none of this can be confirmed yet, do take it with a grain of salt for now, but of the two, which would you prefer? Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Alexa, Amazon, google assistant, LG and LG G6. Related Articles 2017-01-15 LG G6 Will Have Heat Pipes To Reduce Overheating 2017-01-11 LG Teases Waterproofing Features For The LG G6 2017-01-11 LG's Foldable Smartphone Expected In Q4 2017 2017-01-10 LG G6 ‘Confirmed’ For MWC 2017, Will Be Released In March 2017-01-09 LG Display Announces 5.7-inch QHD+ LCD With 18:9 Aspect Ratio 2017-01-08 News Broadcast Accidentally Tells Alexa To Order Dollhouses 2017-01-06 Volkswagen To Integrate Alexa Into Its Vehicles Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments40+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PostEverything How a chance encounter with the first lady helped me get over impostor syndrome Despite my job at Google, I always had a nagging feeling I didn't belong in tech. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Despite my job at Google, I always had a nagging feeling I didn't belong in tech. By Sarah Sachs January 10 Sarah Sachs is a software engineer at Google. (iStock) The fall of my junior year, Microsoft hosted a recruiting event on my university’s campus. Hoping for an internship, I was excited to spend a day with potential employers and current employees — until I read the event description: an all-day StarCraft II tournament for “gamers of all levels” to win an Xbox One. It was clear that I was not the target recruit for this event, but I went anyway, to meet people and try to network. When I arrived, I found a dark room of male students and young male software engineers staring at their computers in silence and shouting expletives. No matter how much I tried to make small talk and ask questions (the first being: “What is StarCraft?”), no one wanted to engage. I didn’t belong, and I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to pretend that I liked StarCraft to be a software engineer. I nabbed some free food and went home deciding I wouldn’t fit at Microsoft. But in my mind, I was the problem: I was the impostor, while the guys in that dark room were the “true” software engineers. In 1978, clinical psychologists Pauline Clance and Suzanne Imes first put words to the experience of women who, despite extraordinary academic and professional accomplishments, thought they weren’t deserving of success: impostor syndrome. The phenomenon, which can affect anyone but appears to disproportionately affect high-achieving women and minorities, often creates a cycle of anxiety-induced over-preparation, followed by a denial of personal contribution. It attributes success to luck or unworthy praise and is distinct from low self-esteem. And the effect of phenomenon goes beyond the individual: One study showed that workers who report experiencing impostor syndrome are less likely to go beyond their job requirements (helping colleagues, attending meetings that aren’t mandatory), possibly due to fear of being exposed. Plenty of extraordinarily successful women have experienced impostor syndrome (Maya Angelou, Kate Winslet, Tina Fey). Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg described her experience in college thusly: “Every time I took a test, I was sure that it had gone badly. Every time I didn’t embarrass myself — or even excelled — I believed that I had fooled everyone yet again. One day soon, the jig would be up.” I could relate. Even though I graduated from a top school, won a prize for my undergraduate thesis and landed a job at Google as a software engineer, that feeling persisted. I tended to find “rational explanations” for my successes. That thesis award? I only got it because I had over-invested time in it, I reasoned. When a co-worker took me to coffee on my first week at Google, he told me how excited he was to start working with me. “You know, our director insisted on hiring you to join our team,” he said. “He told us to make room and you would be incredibly valuable.” Instead of being thrilled, I focused on how the expectations were high and I didn’t want to let people down. I was just someone who managed to sneak her way into a great job. Not all of my worries were of my own making. Women in tech are an anomaly. The percentage of us in software engineering has steadily decreased over the past quarter-century, with these trends looking particularly bad for women of color. I’ve been lucky — I have my mother, a successful academic scientist, to look up to; my professors and teachers have always encouraged me; and Google has been nothing but welcoming, with executives like Jen Fitzpatrick making an effort to support women in the company. But despite being one of the lucky ones who does feel supported, I often look around and realize how alone I am. And occasionally, my experiences remind me that not everyone thinks STEM is for women. I once interviewed at a tech giant where one of their executives had published a popular book about women in the workplace. It was a comically sexist meeting. Upon seeing that I founded a Zumba club as an undergrad, my interviewer pressed me on if I was sure that software engineering was the right field for me. Despite my previous internship experience at Google and a published article on machine learning research, he wanted me to “sell” him that I wanted to do computer science and not dance. I couldn’t imagine anyone asking a man with my experience if he was “sure” he didn’t want to join the MLB because he also played intramural baseball in college. There were parts of me that felt guilty for feeling unsure of my own potential. How could I advocate for promoting women in tech if I couldn’t promote myself? Half of women in STEM fields leave within 12 years. I didn’t want to be one of them. I oscillated between shame and guilt. It wasn’t until a chance encounter with a powerful woman with her own history of self-doubt that I began to see my story differently. My best friend from childhood is a White House staffer and invited me as her guest to the White House staff holiday party. It was quite the offer: I would get to see the East Wing and drink champagne in the Red Room. What I did not realize is that I would also meet Michelle Obama. There she was, the first lady, approaching me in the rope line. I thanked her for encouraging women and girls like me to pursue their interests in science and math. I thanked her for being such an amazing mentor to so many women. I thought she’d smile and move down the line. But she took both my hands, leaned in and said, “It’s you, you’re the mentor.” She told me to keep working hard so that I’ll be on the podium one day, inspiring other young women. “You’re the one who we should be saying thanks to,” she said. I was stunned and nearly brought to tears. Why would I be on the podium? I was used to being the mentee, rationalizing my accomplishments; I looked up to others, I didn’t consider myself a leader. Her comments turned my years of impostor syndrome on their head. The author with Michelle Obama (Courtesy of Sarah Sachs) The first lady herself has admitted to feeling this impostor syndrome. “There were moments when I had doubts,” she said of being a first-generation college student at Princeton. “At first, I even worried that maybe I just wasn’t as smart as some of my classmates.” Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor echoed her in a talk at Pomona College, adding: “I acknowledge what I’m feeling, because I think the first step in changing anything is being truthful about it. And being truthful enough to say, ‘No, I may not be cultured in the same way [as the other justices]. If you’re comparing yourself to others you’re often going to find yourself short on something, especially if they have a background different from your own. But you’re there for a reason — you’re there to do something that’s unique to you.” I’ve decided to take a new approach. I’m going to accept that I can need to receive support but still be able to give support to those who follow me in our field. I’m going to act like a person I’d want to look up to and pursue the opportunities I’d want for any other person in my job. Michelle Obama didn’t know anything about me when she gave me her advice. But you don’t have to fit the phenotype of a hero to be one. I can still be an exemplary software engineer even though I like Zumba and not StarCraft. There are other people like me looking around to see if they are alone. We aren’t. We belong. 40+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Sarah Sachs is a software engineer at Google. 47 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump’s feud with John Lewis echoes a long, difficult relationship with African Americans 2 Priebus to Obama: ‘Step up’ and quiet Democrats who question Trump’s legitimacy 3 With days left in office, President Obama ushers in dozens of policies. But will they stay seated? 4 Opinion Trump’s attack on John Lewis is the essence of narcissism 5 Texas teacher who had sex almost daily with 13-year-old student gets 10 years in prison washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google says new version of Google Voice coming soon Neglected no more: Google Voice is finally getting new features. Sadly, Google isn't saying what they are. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | January 10, 2017 -- 03:20 GMT (19:20 PST) | Topic: Mobility After years of neglect, Google is finally updating Google Voice with a new version, it touted in a banner on Monday. "The new Google Voice is here," a banner read on the Google Voice website, with a "try now" button that didn't work. Google confirmed to 9to5Google that the banner was released early in a mistake, but said a new version is indeed coming soon. Google said in a statement: "Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call. We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can." Google wouldn't provide word on what the updates may include. It's likely the update could be focused on integration with Google's messaging apps Allo and Duo, and recent changes to the Hangouts API. How to build an SMS text auto-responder using... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft rolls out second Windows 10 Creators Update test build in a week House bill aims to block tech giants from building "Muslim registry" With the rise of global instability, can ceramic storage save our digital culture? CES 2017 recap video: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility iPhone 10th, CES 2017, wearables, and headsets (MobileTechRoundup show #388) Mobility Samsung Display ad could suggest Galaxy S8 design Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices Mobility Barnes & Noble pulls Nook Tablet 7-inch from sale due to faulty charger × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a 'domestic dispute' Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son ALL share the same birthday Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen Elizabeth hands over duties Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Snapchat picks London as its 'second home' international base in a Brexit boost for Britain after Facebook, Apple and Google all plump for Irish headquarters to secure lower taxes  LA-based company has a small team of 75 staff in Soho but is planning new move And it will also pay tax on its worldwide profits in Britain unlike Google and Apple Snapchat has 150m daily users worldwide and up to 10m here in Britain   By Martin Robinson, Uk Chief Reporter For Mailonline Published: 05:07 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 05:50 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 50 shares 145 View comments Snapchat is set to open its new worldwide headquarters in London in yet another post-Brexit business boost. The LA-based company has a small team of 75 staff in Soho but is planning to move into new offices nearby and employ more workers. Google, Apple, Facebook and Twitter have all chosen to have their headquarters in Ireland to take advantage of its generous tax breaks - even though their biggest international offices are in London.  Snapchat, a mobile messaging service and fast-growing social media platform, is now valued at $25billion and is increasing in size by 30 per cent a year. It has 150million daily users worldwide and up to 10million here in Britain.  Good news: Snapchat is set to open its new worldwide headquarters in London in yet another post-Brexit tech boost Base: Snapchat is in Lexington Street, Soho, but will be moving elsewhere as it continues to grow RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Eerie photos reveal the decaying remains of army training... Apple's iPhone turns 10 today: Here's how the iconic handset... How Amazon's Echo blows your cash... just by listening to... Share this article Share It is a major boost for Britain because it will have to pay tax on its international profits in the UK. Income tax and national insurance paid by staff and the business respectively will also go to the Treasury. GIANTS IN THE DOCK: MAJOR FIRMS AND CORPORATION TAX Facebook: The social media titan paid just £4,327 in corporation tax in 2014, despite reporting UK revenues of £105million. Apple: The US-based technology firm behind the iPad and the iPhone made £34billion in profit during the year to September 2014. Experts estimate that the UK accounted for £1.9billion of that profit, but the firm only paid £11.8million in British corporation tax. Amazon: The online shopping giant took £5.3billion in sales from British shoppers in 2014 but paid just £11.9million in tax after announcing profits of £34.4million. Starbucks: The coffee chain paid just £8.6million of tax over 14 years between 1998 and 2012 when sales totalled £3billion. But latest company filings show it paid £8.1million in corporation tax for last year on profits of £34.2million. Snap Group Limited, the company's new UK arm, said: 'I am happy to confirm that the UK is the Snap Inc. family's hub outside the US. The UK's strong creative industries make this a great place to build a global business.' The business has grown from six staff in the UK to 75 in the past year.  When its new offices are built they will recruit even more workers. Claire Valoti, General Manager of Snap Group Limited in the UK: 'We believe in the UK creative industries. The UK is where our advertising clients are, where more than 10m daily Snapchatters are, and where we've already begun to hire talent.'  Snap’s decision comes ahead of its initial public offering (IPO), which could see it list as early as March. It would be the biggest flotation since Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba’s IPO in 2014. Snapchat launched in 2012 as a free mobile app allowing users to send photos that expire within seconds. Its parent group announced last September it was renaming the company to Snap Inc as it develops further products, including sunglasses with a built-in video camera.  The group's decision to base itself in London comes amid public and political anger over tax avoidance measures used by multi-national groups and US technology giants in Europe.  In November Google gave Britain a Brexit boost by creating 3,000 new jobs to be housed in a new £1billion London super-headquarters - but still faces calls to pay its fair share of tax.  New home: This is an aerial view of Google's planned £1bn HQ next to St Pancras, which will also house 3,000 new staff Artist's impression: Google workers will work in open plan areas like this - and the 'campus' will have three buildings in total The huge investment threw cold water on warnings from Remainers that global firms would shun the UK following the vote to leave the EU. Google – which employs 4,000 people in the UK – has commissioned a new ten-storey building with a floor space of 650,000sq ft, equivalent to more than ten football pitches. It has already committed to a further two buildings on the King's Cross Estate, which will eventually house 7,000 workers across three offices.  Google has faced damning criticism because despite having thousands of staff it insists that it has no 'fixed base' in Britain.  It means that Google's overseas tax rate on all its profits falls to around five per cent when in the UK it would have to pay 20 per cent.  Apple is to create a new London headquarters inside the £9billion Battersea Power Station development for up to 3,000 staff - but it probably won't pay more UK corporation tax. The Grade II listed building on the Thames with its iconic towers is key a feature of south London's skyline and will now become home to some 1,400 Apple workers but with room for more than double that figure. The tech giant will occupy six floors - about half a million square feet of office space - in the central boiler house of the former coal-fired power station.  But it appears Apple has no plans to move its international headquarters from Cork to the UK, where it currently takes advantage of Ireland's lower tax rate. New home: Apple is going to move its London headquarters into the £9billion Battersea Power Station development with room for up to 3,000 staff This arrangement allows the tech giant to funnel its non-US profits through its Irish offices, described by the EU as having no staff or premises, then on to its $178billion (£120bn) offshore fund.  Fast food chain McDonald's announced in December that it is moving its non-US tax base to Britain from Luxembourg as it battles EU regulators over its tax affairs. The chain is creating a new UK-based holding company through which its non-US royalties will be routed and it will pay UK corporation tax on its international profits. The EU's competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager has put the tax affairs of a number of high-profile targets including Amazon and Google under the microscope. Earlier this year, the EU slapped US tech giant Apple with a 13 billion euro (£11.4 billion) tax bill.  HOW GOOGLE FUNNELS ITS MONEY VIA A WEB OF COMPANIES TO SHRINK ITS TAX BILL AND BUILD UP BERMUDA CASH POT Web: This is Google's complicated web of holding companies that allows the web giant to reduce its international tax bill. Google US has set up two Irish companies, one of which is based in Bermuda, with a middle company in the Netherlands. The network allows revenue from around the world to be sent back to Bermuda via Ireland and Holland, with their generous tax rates, allowing Google to reduce its tax bill Google manages to reduce its tax bill by using a set of subsidiary companies across the globe. The network - nicknamed the 'Double Irish and Dutch Sandwich' - is hugely controversial but totally legal. Google moved its headquarters for Europe, the Middle East and Africa to Ireland in 2008 to benefit from the country's lower tax rate on profits. In Britain, its biggest market outside the US, Google is classified as having no 'fixed base' so none of its sales are technically made in the UK. It means when a British company buys a Google advert for the UK, for example, the money goes straight to Dublin, meaning it pays little tax to the UK Treasury. After paying Ireland's lower corporation tax rate of 12.5%, international profits are then funnelled via Google Netherlands Holdings, taking advantage of generous tax laws there. The profits are then sent to Google's main overseas company, another Irish business domiciled in Bermuda - where the corporation tax rate is zero.  This complicated arrangement is explained by experts as the Double Irish and Dutch Sandwich - with the Irish businesses being the bread and the Dutch subsidiary being its filling.  It means that Google's overseas tax rate on all its profits falls to around five per cent when in the UK it would have to pay 20 per cent. Though this process has been branded 'immoral' by MPs, it is not illegal and Google says it has abided by international tax rules.  The company also says its Bermuda operation does not impact the tax it pays in the UK. Executives say the reported UK profit margins are far below the group average because most of its algorithms and codes, which drive the company's profits, are developed outside the country. Google still pays the majority of its taxes in America, but on its American profits only.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 50 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER... Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (144) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son all share the same birthday More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... CIA chief fires a new salvo in spies' feud with Trump: John Brennan accuses Donald of risking national... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Gun-wielding nurse 'slaughtered her husband and two teen daughters as they slept in their beds' before being shot by police Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in What drought? Before and after photos show how California has dramatically recovered from record dry spell in just ONE MONTH of rainstorms MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Go To AutoGyaan TrendPolice EatBurpRepeat About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy & Disclaimer Advertise Jobs Home Reviews Tech Mobile Apps and Software Camera Design Gadget Social Media Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram YouTube Business Apple Samsung Google Home Reviews   Read More Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Apple iPhone 7 Review OnePlus 3 Review HTC 10 Review Popular Now Apple iPhone 7 Review iBerry Auxus Nuclea N1 Review OnePlus 3 Review Micromax Canvas 4 A210 Review – The Best Canvas till date!More Mobile   Read More Moto G5 Plus to Launch in India in March 2017, Priced Rs. 14,999   Read More Must Read:Foldable Phones from Samsung and LG Expected in 2017   Read More Must Read:iPhone 8 Rumour Roundup   Read More HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play Launched with Sense Companion   Read More Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat on Jan 17th   Read More Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16999 – Unboxing and Hands OnMore Android Wearables   Read More Samsung Launches the Gear S3 in India for Rs. 28,500   Read More Apple Introduces New Apple Watch Series 2   Read More After SmartPhones Xiaomi Wants You To Buy Their Budget VR Headset   Read More Google Wants to Make its Own Watch Too   Read More Apple updates to WatchOS 3   Read More Apple WWDC 2016 : What to ExpectMore Gadget   Read More Best Headphones Under Rs.800   Read More Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones   Read More Must Read:HP Touchpad Yet Lives Gets Android N   Read More Apple AirPods Are Wireless EarPods with 5 Hours of Wireless Audio   Read More Xiaomi Wants to Clean Your House with the Mi Robot Vacuum Cleaner   Read More Samsung Also Launches a New Gear VRMore Camera   Read More GoPro Launches Hero 5 and Karma Drone   Read More The Moto Z Just Got a Thousand Times Sexier with This Hasselblad Attachment   Read More Must Read:Canon 5D Mark IV Shoots 4K Video Comes with Wi-fi   Read More Apple iPhone 7 Could Feature Dual-Lens Camera Setup   Read More Oppo Teases Upcoming Camera Centric R9 Smartphone   Read More Samsung Galaxy S7’s Dual Pixel Technology ExplainedMore Computing   Read More Lenovo Yoga Book Windows Coming to India 13th December CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga Book Windows Coming to India 13th December New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever New Apple Macs, MacBooks and Peripherals Launching Oct 27th Popular Now With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever Exclusive : HP Pavilion DV6 6017tx Core i7 Laptop Pre-Release Hands-On, Unboxing with Video New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 Mi Notebook Air is Xiaomi’s Thinner and Cheaper Answer to the Macbook AirMore Let's Game   Read More Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim New Watch Dogs 2 Walkthrough Shows Awesome Free Open World and Multiplayer Best Gaming Accessories of 2015 Popular Now Top 5 HD Games That Will Push Your Flagship to its Limit Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim XOLO Brings Out its Gaming Phone, The 8x-1200 GTA 5 Preorders Begin with Major Graphical Upgrades for PS4, Xbox One and PCMore Gaming GearNintendoOthersPlaystationXBOX Videos   Read More Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16999 – Unboxing and Hands On CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16999 – Unboxing and Hands On Xiaomi to Launch Redmi Note 4 in India on 19th January Moto M Goes on Sale in India Up to Rs. 15,000 Discount on Exchange OnePlus 3T Unboxing Popular Now LG G2 Giveaway : iGyaan The Most Mega iGyaan 6 Year Anniversary Giveaway Xiaomi to Launch Redmi Note 4 in India on 19th January Top 10 Tech Under Rupees 1000More   Sections Home Reviews Mobile Android Wearables Gadget Camera Computing Let's Game Gaming Gear Nintendo Others Playstation XBOX Videos   Mobile CompareComparing... 1653 Google May Bring Multi-User Support to Android Smartphones by Parul Ritvik SoodAugust 7, 2014 32 Now Reading Google May Bring Multi-User Support to Android Smartphones Browse This Page Article Rating Comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Google may bring multiple user support to Android smartphones. The feature was mentioned by a Google project member in an official developer forum. In a discussion thread regarding multiuser functionality in Android handsets, the Google employee posted the following reply to forum members: “The development team has implemented this feature and it will be available as a part of the next public build.” Although the statement isn’t exactly specific, but “the next public build” refers to Android L, unless Google is planning to introduce the feature in another minor KitKat update, which seems unlikely. Already available on Android tablets, the multi-user feature will surely make owners of Android smartphones a tad less wary of leaving their devices to others, especially children. It would also be useful to small businesses who want to create separate accounts for their office and home without investing in enterprise-managed mobile devices. Google introduced Android L at this year’s Google I/O. Google has already made the developer preview available. As of now the update is available only for the Nexus 5 and Nexus 7. According to reports Moto X and G will be first in line getting Android L updates. Android L is expected to be launched later this year, although no clear date has been mentioned yet. Motorola vice president of product management Punit Soni recently responded to a Google+ query on the smartphone receiving the L update. “Moto X is still going to get Android L (5.0) right?,” asked a user, to which Punit Soni simply responded, “Yup”. likethis What's your reaction? Awesome 0% Epic 0% Like 0% I Want This 0% Meh 0% Posted In Android, Google, Latest Tags android l android l About The Author Parul Ritvik Sood iGyaan Network's newbie, Parul is a Writer, Poet, Reader and Mass Communication Graduate with great interest in startups and entrepreneurship. 41 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest payalh6 5pts Nice article....get coupon codes and best Flipkart offers at <a href="http://www.voucherscode.in/">Voucherscode</a>. pradapmba 5pts Get your updated coupons and deals from www.offerya.in http://offerya.in/store/voonik/ http://offerya.in/store/freecharge-coupons/ http://offerya.in/store/myntra/ http://offerya.in/store/mobikwik/ Jamesh_stier 5pts This is already available on nexus rooted phone. And get the latest offers for shopclues http://www.dealsdunia.in/stores/shopclues tatkalirctctickets 5pts Nice post, Thanks for sharing. <a hrref="http://www.tatkalirctc.com/">Tatkal Booking</a> JitendraKumar4 5pts Get upto 70% off on Zivame Premium Lingerie (Bra, Panties, Bikini, Innerwear, Swimwear, Undergarments) http://www.couponzip.com/store/zivame-coupons/ JeanieIn1 5pts Get top coupons for shopping below: http://jeanie.in/category/snapdeal/ http://jeanie.in/category/shopclues/ http://jeanie.in/category/paytm/ http://jeanie.in/category/jabong/ http://jeanie.in/category/flipkart/ http://jeanie.in/category/zivame/ sita1598 5pts Usage of smartphones have increased a lot. I personally use my smartphone to browse some informative news website like yahoo.com/news, for images of nails http://www.fashionlady.in/hello-pyts-we-have-some-beautiful-nail-art-designs-for-you/45908/2 vletuknow 5pts Get Snapdeal and Purplle coupons below http://vletuknow.com/store/snapdeal-com http://vletuknow.com/store/purplle-com smile53 5pts Really looking forward for this feature in Android M. http://www.couponzeta.in/voylla-coupons Amardeep Mandrekar 5pts If i'm not mistaken the patent for multi user tech on data enabled devices is with nokia right?? Amardeep Mandrekar 5pts If i'm not mistaken the patent for multi user tech on data enabled devices is with nokia right?? Yashwanth Sam 5pts blackberry already has it.... Yashwanth Sam 5pts blackberry already has it.... Joel Mishra 5pts Flipkart offers Flat Rs. 13,500 OFF on Samsung S4 Zoom http://www.grabon.in/coupon-codes/?cid=4414 Joel Mishra 5pts Flipkart offers Flat Rs. 13,500 OFF on Samsung S4 Zoom http://www.grabon.in/coupon-codes/?cid=4414 Samrat Rahaman 5pts boom boom google Samrat Rahaman 5pts boom boom google Ramesh Chandra 5pts It's already there in Nexus rooted phone Ramesh Chandra 5pts It's already there in Nexus rooted phone Kòöl Krish 5pts ol Google may update Android whenever they want but most of our phones are struck at 4.1 JB without official updates. Google needs to force manufacturers to update every qualified device. Kòöl Krish 5pts ol Google may update Android whenever they want but most of our phones are struck at 4.1 JB without official updates. Google needs to force manufacturers to update every qualified device. Sougata Kundu 5pts Bad idea. Sougata Kundu 5pts Bad idea. Satyanjoy Das 5pts finalllyy Satyanjoy Das 5pts finalllyy Wesly Vutala 5pts These news from igyaan are always interesting... ;-) Wesly Vutala 5pts These news from igyaan are always interesting... ;-) Jeera Chaudhari 5pts What is a use? What a crap Jeera Chaudhari 5pts What is a use? What a crap sumeetbharankar 5pts Avinash Chandra Thanks for the info n thanks for helping too :D I wish they push a upgrade for Moto E too! Harsha Vardhan 5pts bring multi window support ,it will be more helpful Harsha Vardhan 5pts bring multi window support ,it will be more helpful Karunakar Patro 5pts Nice bro Karunakar Patro 5pts Nice bro Avinash Chandra 5pts sumeetbharankar They are not sure about that but Moto G and Moto X will surely get it 200% sumeetbharankar 5pts What abt Moto E? its getting and upgrade too right? Avinash Chandra 5pts @sumeetbharankar They are not sure about Moto E but Moto G and Moto X will surely get it 200%.  According to Wiki and thier page they said " Motorola has committed to upgrading the Moto E to the next major release of Android following its release."  So there are 50-50 chances. sumeetbharankar 5pts @Avinash Chandra Thanks for the info n thanks for helping too :D I wish they push a upgrade for Moto E too! sumeetbharankar 5pts What abt Moto E? its getting and upgrade too right? Ronak Manek 5pts Manan Vira Nihar Brahmbhatt Ronak Manek 5pts Manan Vira Nihar Brahmbhatt You might also like android lAndroid   Read More Nexus Owners Get Ready! Android 5.0 Lollipop Officially Rolls Out Today   Read More Nexus 9 to Launch Today, Will be the First Device to Run Android L   Read More New Leak Confirms Nexus X Specs and Reveals an Important Detail about Android L   Read More Leaked Documents Reveal Android L May Be Called ‘Lemon Meringue Pie’   Read More More Details About the Android L Powered Nexus 8 Revealed   Read More Moto X Confirmed to Receive Google’s Android L Update Join Us Socially ▲ 1808 ... Fans Like ▲ 16 ... Followers Follow ... Fans Follow ▲ 3119 ... Followers Follow ▲ 42526 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Subscribers Subscribe ▲ 37 ... Followers Follow ▲ 36 ... Posts ▲ 619 ... Comments ... Fans Love us Latest Video iGyaan on Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Tweets by @igyaan Latest Videos   Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Read More   Apple iPhone 7 Review Read More   OnePlus 3 Review Read More   HTC 10 Review Read More Sponsored Recent Comments Anonymous on Moto G5 Plus to Launch in India in March 2017, Priced Rs. 14,999 Anonymous on Foldable Phones from Samsung and LG Expected in 2017 Anonymous on Moto G5 Plus to Launch in India in March 2017, Priced Rs. 14,999 Anonymous on Foldable Phones from Samsung and LG Expected in 2017 Anonymous on Moto G5 Plus to Launch in India in March 2017, Priced Rs. 14,999 iGyaan On Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Navigation About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy Policy DIsclaimer AutoGyaan TrendPolice Eat Burp Repeat Copyright © 2016 iGyaan Network, All Rights Reserved. /* ]]> */ Compare Go
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Social Google rolls out ‘Show installed apps’ toggle in Play Store Google rolls out ‘Show installed apps’ toggle in Play Store Google has been quite active in bringing about changes to Play Store. Earlier, it was testing the ‘Show installed apps’ switch. By: Tech Desk | Published:January 10, 2017 4:08 pm Google has been quite active in bringing about changes to Play Store. Earlier, it was testing the ‘Show installed apps’ switch. Google has added a new toggle in its ‘Top Charts’ tab of Play Store that will let users to eliminate apps they already have on their device. The search giant also revamped the layout of ‘Top Charts’ section, including top free apps and top paid apps lists. The new ‘Show installed apps’ toggle can be seen right above the apps list in each of the Top Charts section. You can switch on the toggle for Google to show apps that you already have on your device, in search results. However, if you keep the toggle off, Google will not show apps that you already have. Though a minor update, the feature will save users time while searching for new apps on the Play Store. It has been rolled out for all users. Google has been quite active in bringing about changes to Play Store. The company, in November, rolled out design update for ‘Top Charts’ apps list that numbers apps based on the ranking. The design also removed space between cards. Google was testing the ‘Show installed apps’ switch earlier but it was not rolled out for all users. Read: Google Play Store adds direct billing option for Vodafone, Airtel users Google had earlier announced it is looking to sharpen Play Store recommendations with artificial intelligence and expand support for various payment platforms, among other initiatives. The service recently rolled out Netbanking as a payment method in India. Plus, Google Play carrier billing has now gone live for Vodafone (postpaid) and Airtel users in India. Apart from direct carrier billing option and Netbanking option; you can pay using debit/credit cards, and Play Store gift cards as a payment method in India. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Google Best of Express Meghalaya sex scam: Guest-house owned by Home Minister’s family under probe EntertainmentOk Jaanu box office collection day 3: Aditya Roy Kapur, Shraddha Kapoor film struggles to hold ground EntertainmentxXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 2: Deepika Padukone-Vin Diesel film expected to earn well EntertainmentSalman Khan shares nostalgic picture from sets of Karan Arjun, wishes SRK-Hrithik for Raees-Kaabil EntertainmentKoffee With Karan: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sonam Kapoor turn Karan Johar's show into a mini kitty party Must Read SportsKohli, Kedar hit magical tons to script sensational win SportsThis win is going to take a while to sink in, says Kohli SportsVirat Kohli leaves Twitterati awe-struck after century TechnologyNokia could be developing a foldable smartphone, hints patent TechnologyLenovo sends out press invite for MWC 2017, may debut Moto G5 Plus TechnologyFormer Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end, AI-focused smartphone  Sonam Kapoor, Frieda Pinto, Pooja Hegde: Best and worst dressed Bollywood divas at Filmfare Awards 2017 Jan 16: Latest News Centre issues draft requirements under digital village initiative Startup India: 2016 not a good year as new startups decline by 67% China finally agrees to import buffalo meat from India Kathputli Colony: Life at the transit camp C N Rao at Jamia Hamdard Convocation: ‘To excel in science, we need hard work, funds for varsities’                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned Waivers of Subrogation Are Like Onions Manage Interruptions to Boost Productivity Illinois High Court Clarifies Sidewalk Snow ... Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters Less Human Help Needed by Google Self-Driving Cars in 2016 By Mark Bergen | January 10, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Self-driving cars born at Google are getting better at commanding the wheel. Vehicles tested in California by Waymo, the autonomous car company owned Google parent Alphabet Inc., had a much lower rate of “disengagements” last year, compared with 2015. Disengagements happen when a human tester needs to take control of a self-driving car, either to avoid an accident or respond to technical problems. Waymo Chief Executive Officer John Krafcik shared the data during a speech on Sunday at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. California requires companies with permits to test autonomous vehicles to disclose the metric. The figure is one measure of the effectiveness of the nascent technology in the real world. In 2015, Alphabet reported 341 disengagements during 424,331 autonomous miles driven in California. That was 0.8 disengagements per thousand miles. In 2016, the rate improved to 0.2, according to Krafcik. “As our software and hardware becomes more robust through our testing, we’re driving this number down further,” he said during a keynote address in Detroit. Krafcik also highlighted advances in Waymo’s sensor technology. Krafcik and Alphabet have have stressed the safety of its driverless technology in appeals to regulators and industry partners in recent years. Google began testing its vehicles in 2009. Several rivals have emerged since then. Five of the six other companies with California permits in 2015 reported worse disengagement rates than Alphabet. Volkswagen AG came closest to Alphabet, with a rate of 17.4 disengagements per thousand miles. Tesla Motors Inc., the seventh licensed company, didn’t report the figures. Disengagement rates could vary for different reasons. Companies may count disengagements in different ways. And some companies may be putting their vehicles through tougher tests, increasing the chance of human intervention. Others could be testing simpler situations. Krafcik said Sunday that Waymo’s system has got better at handling fog, rain and snow. In coming weeks, California’s DMV plans to report 2016 disengagement numbers from several other companies testing autonomous vehicles in the state, including General Motor’s Cruise unit, and Ford Motor Co. In his speech Sunday, Krafcik said Waymo will begin testing self-driving minivans from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV this year in Arizona and California. Arizona, which is also hosting autonomous tests by Uber Technologies Inc., doesn’t require disengagement reports. Copyright 2017 Bloomberg. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: Alphabet, autonomous cars, disengage reports, Google self-driving cars, self-driving cars, Waymo Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleBusiness News: The Hartford, Location, Inc., Olympus Insurance Company Next article »Ohio Supreme Court Considers Traffic Camera Use Again Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Inland Flooding Leads List of Climate Disasters That Cost $46B in 2016 Forget Cell Phone Spying, Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned Falsified Medical Certificates Threaten 6,600 Trucker Driver Licenses U.S. Seeing Increasingly Large-Scale Tornado Outbreaks Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters Assurant: Smart Home Hacking Risks Concern Consumers ‘Smart Stores’ Will Have Robots, Interactive Shelves and Mirrors Northern U.S. Facing Greater Risk of FloodingMore News Features Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented Lemonade Boasts Claims Settlement Speed Record, AI Jim Answers Questions Alaska Officials Find No Sign of Fukushima-Related Radiation in Seafood Guilty Plea for Former Engineering Firm Exec in Sandy Insurance Case Forget Cell Phone Spying, Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned New Jersey Family Sues After Boy's Toes Amputated in Escalator Accident Digital Trends Impacting Insurance Claims Departments in 2017 Lemonade Boasts Claims Settlement Speed Record, AI Jim Answers Questions Hot Yoga Founder Ordered to Give up Income to Pay for Sex Harrassment Lawsuit Guilty Plea for Former Engineering Firm Exec in Sandy Insurance Case Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters | Comments (1) NICB Warns Puffing Could Lead to Fine | Comments (1) Falsified Medical Certificates Threaten 6,600 Trucker Driver Licenses | Comments (1) Federal Appeals Court Finds Luxury Condo Owner's Suit Filed too Late Against Insurer | Comments (0) BMW Will Deploy Self-Driving 7-Series on Roads This Year | Comments (0) More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts Claims Journal's Top 5 Trending Stories of 2016Watch Now Pros and Cons of Technology in ClaimsWatch Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt 1:17 P.M. ET Updated The No. 1 job in America is ... Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Google in talks to sell its Terra Bella satellite imagery unit By Rolfe Winkler and Jack Nicas Published: Jan 10, 2017 4:44 a.m. ET Share Sale of former Skybox Imaging would be an about-face for Google AFP/Getty Images By RolfeWinkler JackNicas Alphabet Inc.’s Google is in talks to sell its satellite business to competitor Planet Labs Inc., a satellite-imagery startup that is seeking a new round of funding to help pay for the possible acquisition, according to people familiar with the talks. The sale of its satellite-imagery unit, Terra Bella, would be a rapid about-face for Google, which has recently shed some of its bolder ventures. Google GOOG, +0.19% GOOGL, +0.17%  bought the company for $500 million in 2014, when it was known as Skybox Imaging. Discussions about the possible acquisition, which were first reported by Bloomberg News on Monday, are focused on a possible cash plus equity deal, the people said. Planet, founded in 2011, is seeking to raise funds to help finance the deal and pay for continuing operations, one of the people said. Terra Bella has launched seven relatively small satellites—each weighing roughly 220 pounds—to capture aerial images of earth. The company uses those images to collect data it can sell, such as traffic at a cargo port or the size of stockpiles at a copper ore mine. The images also helped augment Google’s mapping service, said Tim Farrar, head of satellite-research firm TMF Associates. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com Popular on WSJ.com: Why Apple’s critics are right this time The most dangerous play in college football U.S. pilots in close calls with Russian jets over Syria More from MarketWatch Obama Gets Emotional During Tribute to Wife Michelle Yahoo to Change Name; Marissa Mayer to Leave Board Tillerson and Rubio Spar Over Russia Quote References GOOG +1.52 +0.19% GOOGL +1.41 +0.17% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $807.88 +1.52 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $807.48 High $811.22 Low $806.69 P/E Ratio 29.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 563.5B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $830.94 +1.41 (+0.17%) Volume 1.3M Open $831.00 High $834.65 Low $829.52 P/E Ratio 30.41 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 563.5B LatestNews
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Google's Self-Driving Minivans Hit The Suburban Streets Of Mountain View This Month by Caleb Pershan in News on Jan 9, 2017 2:45 pm Photo via Waymo. Mountain View, California, Google/Alphabet's backyard, is one of several suburban locales where driverless minivans will soon roam free in their natural habitat. In a speech made to a Detroit auto show, the CEO of Google's recently spun-off self-driving car technology division Waymo announced that a fleet of Chrysler hybrid vehicles with Waymo equipment would be hitting public roads in Mountain View, California and Phoenix, Arizona this month. The Associated Press reported the announcement, which is in keeping with hints Waymo dropped last month when revealing its designs. Rather than developing its own vehicles from scratch, Google announced in mid-December that it would outfit existing cars — Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivans for starters — with its autonomous hardware (sensors, cameras) and software. A first look at the vans was provided later last month from Waymo, a division of Google parent company Alphabet formerly run under its X division. "Mom, can you send the minivan to come pick me up from soccer practice today?" #NAIAS2017 pic.twitter.com/reUmaDZqzC— Andrew J. Hawkins (@andyjayhawk) January 8, 2017 The Verge provides details of the cost-saving techniques touted by Waymo's CEO John Krafcik in that Detroit speech. Waymo is now in the business of building its own LIDAR sensors, for example, and is in fact creating or contracting out all of its custom hardware parts rather than buying them off the shelf, so to speak. That move was made to dramatically lower the cost of equipping cars like the Pacifica hybrid for autonomous driving, Krafcik claimed. Although San Franciscans might meet a fleet of self-driving Google minivans with the cold reception that's now customary for "Google buses" and self-driving Ubers, Peninsula drivers are perhaps better accustomed to playing the guinea pig: Waymo's logo on Google's pod-like car prototypes, for example, can be seen with frequency in Palo Alto, Mountain View, and elsewhere. Finally, the Verge gestures to possible long-term aspirations like a Waymo-Chrysler ride-hailing company. We'll keep up with that hypothesis, but we're assuming we'll have a heads up first. Google's "Don't be evil" mantra, at odds with the ethos of self-driving car rival Uber, will likely ensure that they seeks the permits Uber lacked before beginning to test any such service. Previously: Google-Founded Self-Driving Car Company Waymo Unveils Vehicles, Eyes 2017 Deployment Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print autonomous vehicles google car self-driving car waymo Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland Nine Ways To Kick Off A Cleanse, Juice And Otherwise The 15 Best New SF Restaurants Of 2016 The 13 Best New SF Bars Of 2016 The 10 Best Steakhouses In San Francisco   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Navigation BusinessWest Business News in Western Massachusetts Home Primary Home News Archive Subscribe Subscribe to Print Daily E-News Contact Us Our Team Contact Ad Sales Contact the Editor Media Kit & Stats Reprint Order Form Commercial Real Estate Search Listings Agent Login Agent Register Our Events 40 Under Forty 40 Under Forty Class of 2016 Gala 40 Under 40 Event Information 40 Under Forty Continued Excellence Award 40 Under Forty Nomination Form 40 Under Forty Continued Excellence Award Nomination 40 Under Forty Past Honorees The Class of 2016 The Class of 2015 The Class of 2014 The Class of 2013 The Class of 2012 The Class of 2011 The Class of 2010 Class of 2009 Class of 2008 Class of 2007 40 Under Forty Alumni Event Difference Makers Difference Makers 2016 Celebration Difference Makers Nomination Form Difference Makers Event Difference Makers 2015 Celebration Difference Makers 2014 Celebration Difference Makers 2013 Celebration Difference Makers 2012 Celebration Difference Makers 2011 Celebration Previous Difference Makers Class of 2016 Class of 2015 Class of 2014 Class of 2013 Class of 2012 Class of 2011 Class of 2010 Class of 2009 Lecture Series Western Mass Business Expo Scenes from the 2016 WMBExpo Resource Guide Resource Guide 2016-2017 Calendar Add New Event Careers Renew Ad Cancel Payment Payment Thank You Search Ads Reply To Ad Edit Ad Place Ad Show Ad Return to Content Chamber Corners BusinessWest Staff on January 10, 2017 in Chamber Corners GREATER EASTHAMPTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE www.easthamptonchamber.org (413) 527-9414 • Jan. 19: Celebrate Success, 5-8 p.m., at the Delaney House, 3 Country Club Road, Holyoke. Join us for the annual meeting and business awards dinner at the Delaney House. The chamber will celebrate successes of the past year and outline plans for the New Year. Awards will be given to Business Person of the Year, Genevieve Brough; Business of the Year, Silver Spoon Restaurant; and Innovative Entrepreneur of the Year, Dandelions. For more information, visit www.easthamptonchamber.org or call the Chamber of Greater Easthampton at (413) 527-9414. • Feb. 9: Networking by Night, 5-7 p.m., at Northampton Country Club, 135 Main St., Leeds. Cost: $10 for members, $15 for non-members, which includes food, networking, and a cash bar. Register online at www.easthamptonchamber.org. GREATER HOLYOKE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE www.holyokechamber.com (413) 534-3376 • Jan. 11: The Chamber Coffee Buzz Morning Networking 2017,7:30-9 a.m., at CareerPoint, 850 High St., Holyoke. The Coffee Buzz is a great way to jump-start your day with the opportunity to meet business and community leaders while enjoying coffee and a light breakfast. Sponsored by Northeast IT Systems Inc. and United Personnel. Coffee sponsored by Spradley Deluxe Coffee. Cost: free to the business community.  Sign up online at holyokechamber.com or call (413) 534-3376. • Jan. 18: Chamber After Hours, 5-7 p.m., at the Children’s Museum at Holyoke, 444 Dwight St. Join us for a casual networking experience at the Children’s Museum of Holyoke. The Chamber Ambassadors are hosting a book drive; bring three new or gently used children’s books and get in for free. Cost: $10 for members, $15 for non-members. Sign up online at holyokechamber.com. • Jan. 25: Candidate & Elected Officials Reception, 5-7 p.m. Check the chamber’s website for location. An enjoyable evening where we honor our local and state elected officials. Cost: $25, which includes a light supper. Sign up online at holyokechamber.com. GREATER NORTHAMPTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE www.explorenorthampton.com (413) 584-1900 • Jan. 11: Arrive at 5, 5-7 p.m., at Linda Manor Assisted Living, Leeds. Arrive when you can, stay as long as you can. A casual mix and mingle with colleagues and friends. Cost: $10 for members. • Jan. 12: Workshop: “Tips, Tricks & Shortcuts in Microsoft Excel,” 9-11 a.m. Presented by Pioneer Training and hosted by the Northampton Chamber of Commerce, 99 Pleasant St., Northampton. This workshop will present our favorite tips, tricks, and shortcuts that we have collected and developed over 15 years of teaching and using Microsoft Excel. Topics will include shortcuts for selecting ranges, using autofill to create a series of dates or numbers, setting the print area, using page-break preview, adding headers and footers, and using page-layout view. Participants are encouraged to bring laptops and follow along with the instructor, but this is not required.  Cost: $35 for members, $45 for non-members. Space is limited, and pre-registration is required. To register, e-mail info@explorenorthampton.com. • Feb. 1: February Arrive @ 5, 5-7 p.m., at Lia Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, 55 Damon Road, Northampton. Arrive when you can, stay as long as you can. A casual mix and mingle with colleagues and friends. Cost: $10 for members. • Feb. 10: Workshop: “Introduction to Small Business Accounting on Excel,” 9-11 a.m. Presented by Pioneer Training and hosted by the Northampton Chamber of Commerce, 99 Pleasant St., Northampton. This two-hour workshop is an introduction to small-business accounting with Microsoft Excel. We’ll start by introducing accounting concepts such as income and expense tracking, maintaining a balance sheet and profit and loss statement, and forecasting income and expenses. You’ll learn how to load and use pre-built Excel templates for financial projections, startup expenses, and a break-even analysis. Cost: $35 for members, $45 for non-members. Space is limited, and pre-registration is required. To register, e-mail info@explorenorthampton.com. • March 8: March Arrive @ 5, 5-7 p.m., at Delap Real Estate, 158 North King St., Northampton. Arrive when you can, stay as long as you can. A casual mix and mingle with colleagues and friends. Cost: $10 for members. • March 9: Workshop: “Introduction to Google Apps Docs, Sheets & Forms, 2017,” 9-11 a.m. Presented by Pioneer Training and hosted by the Northampton Chamber of Commerce, 99 Pleasant St., Northampton. The class is an introduction to Google Apps and Google Drive, the online storage location for Google Docs.  In this two-hour workshop, you’ll learn how to set up a local Google Drive folder, which automatically synchronizes with Google Drive on the web. You’ll learn to create new documents in the Google Docs format, as well as how to work with Word documents in Google Docs. You’ll learn basic editing and formatting techniques in both Docs and Sheets, and also how to work with Excel files in Sheets. Cost: $25 for members, $35 for non-members. Space is limited, and pre-registration is required. To register, e-mail info@explorenorthampton.com. PROFESSIONAL WOMEN’S CHAMBER www.myonlinechamber.com (413) 787-1555 • Jan. 18: PWC Tabletop Expo and Luncheon, 11:30 a.m.-1:30 pm., at the Carriage House, Storrowton Tavern, 1305 Memorial Ave., West Springfield. An opportunity to showcase your products and services to the female professional. Reservations for exhibitors are $75 for PWC members, $105 for general admission, which includes a draped display table and complimentary attendee lunch.  Reservations for lunch only are $25 for PWC members, $35 general admission.  Reservation deadline is Jan. 11. Reservations may be made online by visiting www.springfieldregionalchamber.com. SOUTH HADLEY & GRANBY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE www.shgchamber.com (413) 532-6451 • Jan. 24: 2017 Annual Meeting, 5:30 p.m., at Willits-Hallowell, Mount Holyoke College, South Hadley. Cocktails will be served at 5:30 p.m., followed by a buffet dinner at 6 p.m. Check the chamber’s website at www.shgchamber.com for more details as they become available. SPRINGFIELD REGIONAL CHAMBER www.myonlinechamber.com (413) 787-1555 • Jan. 24: Springfield Regional Chamber Pastries, Politics and Policy, 8-9 a.m., at the TD Bank Conference Center, 1441 Main St., Springfield. State Senate President Stan Rosenberg will give an update on happenings in the Senate with an eye toward the upcoming legislative session. Cost: $15 for members in advance ($20 at the door), $25 for general admission in advance ($30 at the door). Reservations may be made online by visiting www.springfieldregionalchamber.com. WEST OF THE RIVER CHAMBER OF COMMERCE www.ourwrc.com (413) 426-3880 • Jan. 12: Google Workshop, noon to 1 p.m., at the West Springfield Public Library, 200 Park Ave., West Springfield. Hosted by WRC and SCORE. Learn how to effectively utilize Google Analytics and AdWords to better your company’s online exposure. Light lunch will be served. This workshop is free and open to the public. For more information, contact the chamber office at (413) 426-3880 or e-mail info@westoftheriverchamber.com, or register online at www.westoftheriverchamber.com. • Feb. 9: Multi-chamber Lunch ‘n’ Learn Seminar, “Robert’s Rules of Order,” noon to 1:30 p.m. at Storrowton Tavern, 1305 Memorial Ave., West Springfield. Enjoy lunch while learning about Robert’s Rules of Order with guest speaker Robert MacDonald. Cost: $35. Sponsorship opportunities are available for this event. Register online at www.westoftheriverchamber.com. For more information, call the chamber office at (413) 426-3880 or e-mail info@westoftheriverchamber.com. • Feb. 22: Legislative Breakfast, 7-9 a.m., at Springfield Country Club, 1375 Elm St., West Springfield. The breakfast will feature a panel of legislators, including state Sen. James Welch, state Sen. Donald Humason, state Rep. Nicholas Boldyga, state Rep. Michael Finn, Agawam Mayor Richard Cohen, and West Springfield Mayor Will Reichelt. Sponsorship opportunities are available. Cost: $30 for members, $35 for non-members. Register online at www.westoftheriverchamber.com. For more information on ticket sales, call the chamber office at (413) 426-3880 or e-mail info@westoftheriverchamber.com. About BusinessWest Staff View all posts by BusinessWest Staff → People on the Move Court Dockets Daily News Holyoke Chamber to Honor Candidates, Elected Officials on Jan. 25 Advertising Club Calling for 2017 Scholarship Applications Woodworking Shows Coming to West Springfield This Weekend AIM Backs Governor’s Efforts to Preserve Health Coverage Kerry Bartini of Berkshire Design Receives Architectural License advertise here Departments Court Dockets Chamber Corners Agenda Company Notebook People on the Move Briefcase DBA Certificates Bankruptcies Real Estate Incorporations © 2017 BusinessWest. All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by DIF Design
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Apple looks like it’s finally entering the augmented reality game by Gordon Hunt 5 days ago30 Shares Apple. Image: Anton Watman/Shutterstock Everybody who’s anybody is working on augmented reality (AR), with Google, Facebook and Microsoft three examples of such pioneering minds. Apple is the one being left behind, but perhaps not for long. In 2014, Facebook spent $2bn on Oculus, the makers of the Rift AR headset, in a move that seemed to be a massive statement of intent since day one. For comparison, Instagram, a tool of the now, cost Mark Zuckerberg’s company half that sum. Since that AR purchase, the public has played the waiting game, as various companies positioned their headsets for a 2016-7 release date, with the early signs very promising. But what of Apple? Surprisingly quiet in this field on the surface, the company has actually been acquiring suitable companies, patenting various products and gearing itself up for an AR future. In 2013, it bought Israel-based motion sensor firm PrimeSense for $360m, the first step down the AR road. Since then, behind the scenes, things have sped up. Now reports have emerged of a partnership with Carl Zeiss, with the team apparently working on a pair of lightweight glasses. Robert Scoble suggests that the partnership between Apple and Carl Zeiss is so strong that the latter did not showcase any AR or VR merchandise at CES this month, part of a supposed agreement between the duo. Citing a source at Carl Zeiss, Scoble thinks an Apple product could be launched as soon as this year. For the tech giant, it’s getting to a case of the sooner the better, for its rivals are storming ahead in this space. For example, Google recently showcased its AR capabilities with a new museum-friendly experience. Partnering with a number of institutions around the world, Google will allow its AR Tango platform to add a new layer to the museum-going experience. The Apple AR rumours began late last year, with the first suggestions of a Google Glass-like product emerging in Bloomberg, largely on the back of a small number of component orders and an earlier statement of intent from CEO Tim Cook following Pokémon Go’s runaway success in 2016. “AR can be really great, and we have been – and continue to – invest a lot in this,” Cook said at the time. “We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.” A compound annual growth rate of 181.3pc is expected across AR and VR between 2015 and 2020, according to a recent report from IDC. With the initial hardware expected to represent around $80bn of the total market value come 2020, the same amount will be generated in additional software services to bring the total to around $162bn. This will initially be driven by VR systems, with viewers, software, consulting services and systems integration services set to dominate in 2017, before AR takes the lead. Apple rarely dodges such lucrative markets. Apple. Image: Anton Watman/Shutterstock Related: AR, Apple, VR Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Gear Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 15 Nov 20164 Shares Hiring Now One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Work smarter, live better The largest employer in northwest Ireland Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Companies Tech predictions for 2017: Bots, blockchain and smarter things 19 Dec 2016724 Shares Machines Microsoft HoloLens finally available for pre-order in Europe 12 Oct 20166 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines TSSG’s Barry Downes: ‘Our computer sciences need to embrace VR and AR’ 28 Oct 2016152 Shares Enterprise An augmented reality future? IT really needs to step it up 26 Oct 201651 Shares Gear Not wanting to be left out, Microsoft reveals $299 VR headset 26 Oct 20166 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 1 day ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 2 days ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 2 days ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 2 days ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 2 days ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 2 days ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 2 days ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 2 days ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 2 days ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 2 days ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Google confirms major Google Voice update in the… Google confirms major Google Voice update in the works By Julian Chokkattu — January 9, 2017 9:07 PM Subscribe Share 123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends It looks like Google jumped the gun on announcing a major update to Google Voice, but the company followed up with a confirmation that the update is in the works. Google Voice users could see the following message at the top of their inbox for most of the day: “The new Google Voice is here. Try now.” Unfortunately, at the time of writing, nothing happens when clicking “Try now.”  Still, the notice itself indicated that a major update is on the way for the call forwarding and voicemail service, and Google has confirmed this with Digital Trends. More: Google Tango lets you peer inside ancient relics at the Detroit Institute of Arts “Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number,” a Google spokesperson said. “But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can.” The service, which launched in 2009, has not received much love from the company for the past few years — the iOS app, for example, was last updated in June , and the Android app was last updated in May. Google has largely ignored Voice and hasn’t introduced new features for a long time. Still, the service works fine and it’s good the search giant hasn’t axed it yet unlike some of its other products, like Google Reader and Wave. The message that leaked the incoming update suggests that this will be the big one users have been waiting for. More: Google’s Waymo shows off entirely homegrown sensor suite at Automobili-D It’s likely the changes may include service-wide update to Material Design, Google’s design guidelines. Voice may also feature some integration with its latest messaging app, Allo. It’s unclear when it will go live, but we’ll have to stay tuned until the update begins rolling out. Also watch: Share
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines (Yonhap Interview) S. Korean Go master says upgraded AlphaGo 'too strong' for humans 2017/01/10 16:43 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, Jan. 10 (Yonhap) -- South Korean Go master Lee Se-dol said Tuesday he feels Google's artificial intelligence (AI) program AlphaGo has gotten much stronger in the ancient board game after being upgraded. Lee faced the "old" AlphaGo in a five-round Go tournament named the Google DeepMind Challenge Match in March 2016. The 33-year-old lost the tournament with a final score of 4-1 but earned hero status with a single victory against the self-learning machine. Lee, however, said he would not win a single game against an updated version of AlphaGo which has been dominating top online Go players recently. "AlphaGo has gotten much stronger than before," Lee said during an interview with Yonhap News Agency by phone. "If I play against this AlphaGo in the same conditions as last year, I would probably not win a single match."    Using accounts dubbed "Magister" and "Master," the new version of AlphaGo has compiled a 60-0 record against some of the top Go players on two online Go game sites from Dec. 29, 2016 to Jan. 4, 2017. Among the defeated were South Korea's No. 1-ranked Go player Park Jung-hwan and China's top ranked Go master Ke Jie. Lee was also approached to face the updated AlphaGo online in an unofficial contest, but he declined the offer because he didn't like the format. In this file photo taken on Dec. 13, 2016, South Korean Go master Lee Se-dol smiles during an opening ceremony for the Maxim Coffee Cup at the Korea Baduk Association headquarters in Seoul. (Yonhap) The ninth-dan player, who turned pro at the age of 12, said he sees little possibility of him taking on the human-like algorithm again even if Google sends a formal invitation for another tournament. "It doesn't seem right for me to play against AlphaGo again," he said. "I don't think Google will do it, so I'll probably not face AlphaGo again. However, I'm curious about it."    Go, known as "baduk" in Korea, originated in China more than 2,500 years ago. It involves two players alternately putting black and white stones on a checkerboard-like grid of 19 lines by 19 lines. The object is to claim larger territories than one's opponent by surrounding vacant areas of the board using one's own stones. Go games are played faster online than they are played offline over a real board. Each player is given a 10-minute set time with three 20-second overtime periods. Last year, Lee and AlphaGo were allotted two hours each with three 60-second overtime periods. Lee said AlphaGo has an advantage in online games where the players should make their movements in a short period of time. "AlphaGo would probably post a 600-0 record over human players if both sides play the games only with the overtime time period," he said. "If AlphaGo is given only 30-second overtime periods, and humans get two hour set times, then humans can probably collect one or two wins in five matches."    Lee claimed humans can't beat the updated AlphaGo if it is given a long time to place stones. "I wonder how strong this updated AlphaGo would be if it is given two hours," he said. "I could remain the last person to beat AlphaGo without imposing any handicap on it."    In this file photo taken on March 15, 2016, South Korean Go master Lee Se-dol speaks during a press conference after finishing a Go tournament against Google's artificial intelligence (AI) program AlphaGo at a Seoul hotel. (Yonhap) Lee, however, said he doesn't think the progression of AlphaGo threatens human play in Go. "It's like humans can never beat cars in racing competitions," he said. "There is no other game than Go that has a greater possible number of board configurations. We have seen the advanced AI perform in this area what I think could be useful in other areas."    Lee was the top prize money leader in 2016 after collecting more than 810 million won. However, the Go master, who is now staying at his residence on Jeju Island, said he wasn't satisfied with his performance last year. Lee said he is even considering retirement this year if he doesn't feel satisfied with his game. "You need a good result, but you must feel satisfied when you play," he said. "If I have good results and feel satisfied, there's no need to retire, but if not, I should retire."    kdon@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Rising consumer prices fuel concern about stagflation Acting president becomes assertive leader over past month Diplomatic row with Japan flares up over comfort women statue Fear of crisis haunts S. Korean economy (News Focus) Talk grows in U.S. of possibility of military strikes on N. Korea (News Focus) Trump's tweets about N.K. shows he knows it's a priority, but lacks understanding of situation: experts S. Korea struggles to contain egg prices with tariff-free imports N.K. missile provocation in the offing as Pyongyang hints ICBM test: experts News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Share on Facebook Tweet Share Save Share Stumble LOGIN BLOG All Sections Communication Motivation Relationships Lifestyle Health Productivity Work Quotes Products Wellness Inc. Quotes Books About About Lifehack Authors Editors Become an author Advertise Terms Privacy Submit a bug Submit a copyright report Follow us Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube Instagram RSS WELLNESS INC. 11 Body Systems Respiratory System Circulatory System Digestive System Muscular System Skeletal System Nervous System Urinary System Reproductive System Endocrine System Immune System Integumentary system Popular Articles If You Smell Funky Asparagus Pee, You Have This Special Gene If You Don't Want To Visit The Dentist, Eat These 4 Foods More Often Day 6 Shocking! Sleeping With Weighted Blanket Beats Insomnia And Stress, Study Finds LOGIN × Blog BLOG CommunicationMotivationRelationshipsLifestyleHealthProductivityWorkQuotes Wellness Inc. WELLNESS INC. Respiratory SystemCirculatory SystemDigestive SystemMuscular SystemSkeletal SystemNervous SystemUrinary SystemReproductive SystemEndocrine SystemImmune SystemIntegumentary system About About LifehackAuthorsEditorsBecome an authorAdvertiseTermsPrivacySubmit a bugSubmit a copyright reportQuotesBooks Follow Us NewsletterFacebookTwitterPinterestYoutubeInstagramRSS Login   I'm in! Make Money Online In 2017 With Facebook And Google Kyra Taylor Writer and Lawyer Share More Tweet Share Save Share Stumble Email Make Money Online In 2017 With Facebook And Google Kyra Taylor Writer and Lawyer | The United States currently has the largest number of freelancers in the world, with almost 30% of its workforce engaged in some form of freelance work. The population of US-based freelancers grew slightly, rising 2% from 54 million in 2015 to reach 55 million in 2016. Their earnings, on the other hand, rose by 35% to reach US$ 1 trillion in 2016, compared to the US$ 715 billion they earned in 2015. These trends indicate that skilled freelancers are earning more with each passing year without large changes in their numbers. But how long will this rise in income last? The population of freelancers, gig artists and digital nomads is set to increase exponentially over the next two decades and is expected to attain the incredible figure of 1 billion by 2035. That means increased competition is on the way from low-income countries like India, Bangladesh, and China, whose populations of freelancers are set to explode. Freelancing, which was once the preserve of the white middle class in the US, is going to witness fierce competition from teenagers in third world countries who first logged on to the Web only after 2010. Those freelancers who are in their mid-20s and early 30s now will be close to 50 when these changes fully play out. Will you be affected by these trends? Making money online in 2017 will see disruptions that few of us can imagine. The answer to the above question is both “yes” and “no.” Low-skilled jobs might become uneconomical for Americans to work in because of the fierce pricing power that people from countries with low costs of living have. Highly skilled work will always command a premium. Gaining and honing the right skillset takes years, and if you ensure that you upgrade your skills at regular intervals, you can future-proof your income from any black swan events that might hit the freelancing world. Hitching your career to niche, high-paying jobs will ensure that your earnings do not disappear overnight. Follow The Leaders Google and Facebook will remain big in 2017, so gaining mastery over them is one of the key factors that could contribute to your online success. While anybody can use Google’s products and sign up on Facebook to use their services, mastery over these domains takes years. Today is a good time to embark on the journey towards becoming a Google and Facebook certified expert. Why Get Online Certification? Google.com has an estimated 2.2 billion active users, while Facebook.com has 1.8 billion monthly active users. Marketers around the globe spend billions of dollars trying to reach these active users. Yet there are only a few thousand certified experts across the globe who know how to target this demographic segment. Google continues to see enormous growth, and it earned a profit of US$ 46 billion in 2015. A large part of its profits come from small webmasters and freelancers like us who use AdSense and AdWords. So, gaining mastery over these two products could supplement your income disproportionately by helping you gain premium pricing for your services. Moreover, getting certified is free and only requires effort and time. Look at the free certification programs from these two tech giants below: · Sign Up To Become A Facebook Certified Professional. · Free Training Modules For Your Facebook Certification. · Become A Google Certified Digital Marketer. Take the Online Marketing Challenge. · Gain a Google Certified Developer Accreditation. · Get AdWords Certification. Some freelancers who successfully obtained certifications reported an almost 200% increase in their annual incomes during 2016. Having these certificates on your digital resume can boost your appeal to prospective online employers in 2017. Sign up today to future-proof your online career! Let us know if there are any other certifications that you feel freelancers should opt for in the comments below. Get An Awesome Life I'm in! Get wellness tips for free, like all the best things in life Love this article? Share it with your friends on FacebookRead full content Get more great stuff like this delivered straight to your inbox Love this article? Get more stuff like this in your inbox Sign up Please enter a valid email address × NEXT ARTICLE The Body Builder: 5 Ways To Monetize Your Physique × × Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Like Us 1.2M I've already liked Lifehack on Facebook Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Follow Us 107K I've already followed Lifehack on twitter Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Follow Us 414K I've already followed Lifehack on pinterest Get our hottest tips and hack your own life Get them delivered straight to your inbox. It's free. Sign up Please enter a valid email address I've already subscribed newsletter It's never too late to start over. If you weren't happy with yesterday, try something different today. Don't stay stuck. Do better. I agree I disagree × We think so, too! Join Lifehack newsletter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Sign up for free! Please enter a valid email address × Great to See You on Lifehack! We’re glad that you’re subscribing to Lifehack and hope you’ll enjoy reading through! Remember to confirm the subscription in the confirmation email. We think so, too! × Like us on facebook and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Like us 1.2M Follow us on Twitter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. Follow Us 107K Follow us on pinterest and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Follow Us 414K × We think so, too! Share this article to Facebook to inspire more people with us! Share on Facebook It's never too late to start over. If you weren't happy with yesterday, try something different today. Don't stay stuck. Do better. I Agree I Disagree × We think so, too! Join Lifehack newsletter and we will inspire you to pursue a happier existence. One-Click Subscribe × Great to See You on Lifehack! We’re glad that you’re subscribing to Lifehack and hope you’ll enjoy reading through! Remember to confirm the subscription in the confirmation email. × We think so, too! Like us on facebook and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. × We think so, too! Follow us on pinterest and we will inspire you to pursure a happier existence. Follow us on Pinterest × We think so, too! Share this article to Facebook to inspire more people with us! Share on Facebook × Great! The post is successfully saved to your collection. Well Done! You have finished the post and the post is removed from your collection. Save your next post to read now. Love this article? Share it with your friends on Facebook Share it on Facebook Get set goal! You'll receive daily email that helps you achieve goals right in the morning. Hurray! You are taking up the role in the . Soon you'll get our articles in your inbox!
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Firefox 52: Adobe Primetime CDM removal By Martin Brinkmann on January 10, 2017 in Firefox - Last Update:January 10, 2017 5 Mozilla plans to remove the Adobe Primetime Content Decryption Module in Firefox 52 Stable. Adobe Primetime is a content decryption module that is only available for Firefox on Windows. It is designed to play back protected media streams. In other words, it is a plugin for DRM. Firefox did download the Adobe Primetime plugin automatically since its introduction in Firefox 38. This changed only recently -- in Firefox 47 to be precise -- when Mozilla switched the download to on-demand only. This means hat Adobe Primetime is only downloaded by Firefox when you visit a site that requires it to play back media. The change does not affect existing Adobe Primetime installations. Firefox 52: Adobe Primetime CDM removal Starting with Firefox 52, Adobe Primetime will no longer be downloaded at all in Firefox. The browser will be released on March 7, 2017 if the schedule holds. Mozilla does not mention a reason for the decision in the bug listing. The one that makes sense the most is that the company enabled support for Google's Widevine Content Decryption Module in Firefox recently as well. Support for Google Widevine was added in Firefox 47 for Windows and Apple versions, and in Firefox 49 for Linux. This means that the content decryption module supports all three major desktop platforms Firefox is offered on. Mozilla is working on Widevine support for Firefox on Android, and plans to push out a first version soon. Additionally, and that is probably the main reason for the decision, Widevine is also supported by Google Chrome. Chrome does not support Adobe Primetime on the other hand, and since it is the browser that is most widely used, sites do favor Widevine support over Primetime support usually. All major streaming sites should work fine with Google Widevine. The "other" option that browsers have to stream protected media is through browser plugins. Firefox supports only NPAPI plugins, but support is on its way out as the Web is moving towards HTML5 and away from proprietary solutions. While Firefox will continue to support Adobe Flash in Firefox 52 and in the foreseeable future, all other plugins will no longer be supported in Firefox 52. This includes Microsoft Silverlight, a plugin used to stream encrypted media in the past. Firefox 52 is the new ESR version -- Extended Support Release -- of Firefox. It won't support Adobe Primetime CDM anymore just like any regular version of the web browser. (via Sören Hentzschel) Now You: Do you make use of CDM in Firefox? Summary Article Name Firefox 52: Adobe Primetime CDM removal Description Mozilla plans to remove the Adobe Primetime Content Decryption Module in Firefox 52 Stable and Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release). Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Firefox > Firefox 52: Adobe Primetime CDM removal Windows 10 Build 15002 ships with many new features How to setup Windows Hello for all Windows 10 users Responses to Firefox 52: Adobe Primetime CDM removal Fritz January 10, 2017 at 3:10 pm # Hi Martin, I read the article. I don't understand it. Call me a moron, I don't mind. "Adobe Primetime is a content decryption module that is only available for Firefox on Windows. It is designed to play back protected media streams. In other words, it is a plugin for DRM." Is there anybody who is willing & able to explain the above paragraph to me in a non decrypted language ? What is a content decryption module, what is playback protected media ? Is this stuff of any importance for the casual user ? I am not criticizing anything, only trying to understand the article. Reply Martin Brinkmann January 10, 2017 at 3:59 pm # Fritz, videos that companies like Netflix offer are protected, and the browser or program you use to watch these videos needs to support this. For HTML5, which is used by most streaming services and probably all of them in the future, a CDM is required for that. A CDM is however not needed usually for free videos, e.g. those on YouTube. Reply A or B, not C. January 10, 2017 at 4:53 pm # @ Fritz ....... DRM(= encryption) technology is used by music/video-streaming websites to protect their media contents(= music/videos), which require the websites' customers to pay subscriptions and/or one-off on-demand payments(eg video-on-demand or sports pay-per-view). ....... These websites may buy n use a proprietary online DRM technology from various companies, eg Google's Widevine(needs HTML5) or Adobe's Primetime(needs Flash Player) or M$'s Playready(needs Silverlight) or etc. Web-browsers need to support these DRM technologies in order for the browser-users to be able to watch their paid-for media contents at a particular streaming website, eg for Netflix subscribed videos, the browser needs to support the popular Google's Widevine DRM technology. Other streaming websites may use other DRM technologies. . http(semicolon)//www(dot)howtogeek(dot)com/240636/everything-you-need-to-know-about-watching-drmd-media-on-linux/ Reply Fritz January 10, 2017 at 4:05 pm # Martin, Aha! Excellent. Now I get it. Thank you so much for explaining it to me. Reply wonton January 12, 2017 at 10:20 pm # it could be googles using webrtc over plugins like for google hangouts so forth the requirement for plugins now just used webrtc and standard drm in browser ? Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Microsoft’s explanation for pushing Windows 10 upgrades raises questions December 25, 2016 Firefox will only support WebExtensions by the end of 2017 November 24, 2016 Checking for updates slow on Windows 7? Here is the fix November 2, 2016 Microsoft resurrects Telemetry updates KB2952664 and KB2976978 October 5, 2016 Advertisement Recent Updates Windows 10 Privacy Tools Windows Updates overview MemTest 5.0 Firefox, DRM, end of NPAPI Fix Slow updates on Windows 7 Battery Aid 2 for Android Google Public DNS HDD Guardian 0.7.1 Hosts Editor overview HostsMan 4.7.105 Random Software Review LeptonGUI: Dropbox Lepton image format converter Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement Latest Page not found? Load archived copies with Wayback Machine for Chrome January 15, 2017 Windows 7: Microsoft waves an early goodbye January 15, 2017 Windows Security Only Update won’t include Internet Explorer patches anymore January 14, 2017 Image Resizer for Windows January 14, 2017 WhatsApp Security: make this change right now! January 13, 2017 About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved.
The Latest New Products Must-See Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Building robot Frankenstein from the pieces of CES 2017 Let's combine the best parts of the robots and digital-assistant devices we saw at the show and see how close we are to having the perfect mechanical butler. Chris Monroe/CNET Smart Home by Andrew Gebhart January 9, 2017 11:38 AM PST @GebAndrew Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home I want Rosie the Robot to become a reality. As ambitious as a cartoon character from a 1960s TV Show might seem, I saw a lot of the pieces to make a pretty good Rosie at CES 2017. The pieces were just spread out between a bunch of different devices. The idea at the heart of Rosie is what appeals to me -- a do-it-all smart-home machine that can not only interact with you, but will take care of the chores. The perfect Rosie is a useful member of the family that acts as a nanny, a maid and a personal assistant. Rosie would need to be mobile, perceptive, possessing of fine motor skills and intelligent enough to hold a conversation. So how close are we really? Let's put the pieces together and find out. Mobility and perception: Kuri Kuri's smile is adorable. Photo by Chris Monroe/CNET A robot the size of R2-D2 with the look of a Pixar character, Kuri's meant to patrol your home and do it with charm. You'll need to give Kuri a tour of your living space by guiding it around with the app. Then, you can tell Kuri which room is which and the cute little guy will find his own way from there. He uses lasers to sense what's in front of him and avoid objects. Kuri is also my pick for perception. He has cameras behind his eyes, so you can see what Kuri sees via an app. During the day, you can tell Kuri to patrol your place and look for anything out of the ordinary. Kuri has motion and sound detection, so he'll normally follow a specific route, but if he hears something strange, he can go check it out. I'd imagine a diligent Rosie would do the same. 14 The robots of CES 2017 Kuri promises to have facial recognition, too. You'd definitely want your robot butler to know who you are, but here's where I'm skeptical that the tech we have is ready. I haven't seen a reliable, consumer-facing facial recognition camera yet -- though, the Netatmo Welcome comes close. Since Kuri travels on wheels, he won't move to multiple floors, but the robots I saw at CES with legs move much too slowly to be useful, even on a single floor. Nannying: Aristotle The always-listening device on the right responds to both "Aristotle" and "Alexa." Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET Head here for everything Aristotle can do to help watch over your child. It's quite a long list. Mattel's Aristotle is an always-listening device similar to the Amazon Echo. It has Amazon's assistant Alexa built in, complete with Alexa's robust library of skills. Plus, Aristotle works as an assistant on its own, one tailor-made for a nursery. From singing lullabies to ordering diapers to helping with homework, Aristotle's best features present intuitive ways to help your kids then they need it. Aristotle also comes with a camera, and Mattel claims it can recognize when your baby wakes up, and start playing a lullaby automatically. You can also set Aristotle not to answer your kids questions until they say "please." Those sort of touches are why Aristotle is my pick for nanny, though it obviously can't pick up, rock or feed your kids itself. Personal assistant: Rokid Alien You can make video calls using the Alien's screen. Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET This is an upset pick to be sure, but I'll bring Amazon's Alexa and the Google Assistant into the equation later. I want Rokid's assistant Melody on board for one specific reason: Melody can keep your whole family's calendar organized. An Echo copycat in a lot of ways, the Rokid Alien on display at CES promises much more control over appointments than either Alexa or the Google Assistant can provide right now. Google Home -- the always-listening gadget from Google in the mold of the Echo -- can tell you about one of your calendars. Rokid's variation on the theme integrates all of them and all of your family's calendars too. Ask Melody, "What time are we all free on Thursday?" and she'll tell you. You can then add something to the calendar and Melody is smart enough to add it to everybody else's as well. The Alien also has a screen, allowing you to make video calls and see more info after you ask it a question. Miscellaneous extras: Lynx and Mykie That's Lynx striking a pose. Photo by Chris Monroe/CNET I thought Lynx -- a humanoid robot from Ubtech Robitics with Alexa built in -- would account for more of my pieces. The bot has the body I would like for Rosie, but Lynx's feet don't move forward fast enough for it to be truly called mobile. Lynx balances really well from side to side, though, and its arms and legs move and bend as well. Lynx's coolest feature uses that flexibility to teach you yoga and walk you through exercise routines. I'd like that feature in this Frankenstein bot. Mykie projects recipe guidance onto the wall. Photo by Chris Monroe/CNET I'll bring Mykie's recipe prowess on board to help you cook. Give Mykie a voice command and you can search recipes. Find the one you want and Mykie will project a video guide on the wall to help you through the process. Conversationalist: Alexa and Google Now, I need to make sure this Rosie can understand me when I talk to it. Fortunately, Amazon, Google and Apple have all taken the voice-recognition abilities of digital assistants quite far from the days of yelling "Call Mom!" at a flip phone. 14 Here's the latest smart home gear that works with Alexa Both Amazon and Google have turned those abilities into always-listening devices that respond to your commands, answer your questions, and control your smart home. Since I'm cherry-picking, I'll take Alexa's breadth of skills, since it's extraordinary, and I'll take Google's conversational prowess. Google can use the context of your previous question to answer your next question, just like an attentive robot helper should. The Google Assistant isn't great at this. Go beyond simple, fill-in-the-blank context and you'll confuse it, but it's still slightly better at it than Alexa. 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) Maid: MoRo Finally, we need this new magical robot to do the chores. Now, lots of robots can do one chore quite well. Beyond obvious appliances like dishwashers, robot vacuums can keep a place tidy and you can find similar window cleaners and mops. However, for Rosie to truly become a reality, this couldn't be a robot specifically designed for one task. Sure, we could throw suction power on the bottom of Kuri's wheels, but we need a robot to be able to take out the trash, pick up dishes, and fold the laundry. We saw Foldimate on display at the show, but it was barely working and still a single-function machine. We need a robot with arms and fine motor skills. The $30,000 MoRo comes the closest, even though it's fairly slow, as you might expect. Ideally, MoRo would make Mykie irrelevant for this Frankenstein, as it could do the cooking for you. At CES, MoRo could slowly pick up and move blocks, but I'd want to see it refined quite a bit before I'd trust it to put away my dishes or dust my TV. Say hello to MoRo, the $30,000 assistant robot Got robot? MoRo will bring you drinks, get your groceries and listen to voice commands... in theory. by Lexy Savvides 1:12 Close Drag What do we have? Putting it all together, the Rosie of CES 2017 moves around on a single floor pretty well. She uses wheels for locomotion, but has legs and a body attached to the wheels so she can flex and guide you in a workout routine. I'll use Kuri's face and eyes for the head and make the Alien's screen the body for info and videos. Altogether, this Rosie would look a little weird. She'd be quite expensive, even if we don't add in the $30,000 MoRo, the cost of everything else combined (based largely on unfinalized prices and estimates) would be between $2,500 and $3,000. Since some components could be shared, and the cost of creating one robot would be less than individually producing seven different ones, maybe the final total could be cut to just under $2,000? Plus, she's not great at picking things up physically -- especially if we leave out MoRo -- or holding a conversation, but she can check on the home when you're away and let you know if something's wrong. Better yet, she responds to all sorts of commands and questions, and can tell your child a bedtime story or sing a lullaby. She's not perfect, but I'm excited by how many pieces of the future we found at CES 2017. Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 CES 2017 Tech West Smart Home Alexa Amazon Robots Google Apple HomeKit CNET Review Netatmo Welcome For the first time, facial recognition on a connected cam works, but does the Netatmo Welcome do enough with it to make it worth your while as a security device? $192.00 See it Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: Building robot Frankenstein from the pieces... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Wearables > Apple could be planning new wearables, starting… Apple could be planning new wearables, starting with Carl Zeiss smart glasses By Jayce Wagner — January 9, 2017 4:37 PM Subscribe Share Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Apple Watch MSRP $349.00 DT Editors' Choice Learn More Also mentioned Apple Watch Apple iPhone 7 Plus It appears that Apple might be getting in on the smart glasses game, a risky market in which Google famously failed with its botched Google Glass project. The much-maligned Google Glass project was scrapped after becoming the subject of online mockery for its awkward product design and high price tag. According to Bloomberg, however, we may see Apple-branded smart glasses as part of Apple’s new wearables push, following on the success of the Apple Watch. It’s important to note that these are still rumors, but Apple may have already approached potential suppliers to acquire small quantities of near-eye displays for internal testing. Speaking with unidentified sources within Apple, Bloomberg claims that the contemplated Apple smart glasses would connect wirelessly to iPhones, and would display images and other information in the wearer’s field of view, and might even employ a version of augmented reality (AR). The AR angle lends a little more credence to these rumors than they might otherwise warrant. Apple CEO Tim Cook has been an outspoken proponent of AR in the past, mentioning on a conference call in 2016 that the company has invested a lot of time and money in AR and plans to continue to invest in the nascent technology. More: The next Apple Watch could have biometric authentication and gesture controls If anyone could pull this off, it would be Apple. The firm has a long history of building on existing technology by simply improving on design, and in fact, some of its greatest success stories have been innovative takes on existing — and popular — technologies. The iPod, iPhone, and Apple Watch all built on existing technology by seeking to improve the design and user experience. While the Apple Watch may still be in the early stages in terms of market acceptance, the iPod and iPhone have had an immense impact on their respective market spaces, transforming them entirely. More recently, specifically at CES 2017, new speculation popped up that could provide some clarity to Apple’s possible AR plans, Apple Insider reports. According to Robert Scoble, Apple’s AR plans could involve leading optics company Carl Zeiss, which manned a booth location in the AR section of the CES 2017 floor but didn’t show off any new AR products. Scoble speculates that Apple could have convinced Carl Zeiss to keep products resulting from a partnership under wraps, which would explain the curious lack of AR products being shown. Mac Insider notes that Carl Zeiss produces the VR One Plus headset that adds AR capabilities to smartphones, and so that company has some experience in the field. So, while it’s likely a long way off, and may never happen, Apple-branded smart glasses could be just the kick that augmented reality needs to get off the ground as a ubiquitous, everyday piece of technology. Article originally published in December 2016. Updated on 01-09-2017 by Mark Coppock: Added the new speculation around Apple’s possible involvement with optics manufacturer Carl Zeiss. Also watch: Share
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Software Google's project Tango AR lets museum visitors delve deeper Google's project Tango AR lets museum visitors delve deeper Partnership uses platform's augmented reality capabilities for a wider view of exhibits. Software by Steven Musil January 9, 2017 6:25 PM PST @stevenmusil Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Google's Tango uses augmented reality to peek beneath a mummy's bandages.Photo by Google Ever seen an ancient mummy in a museum and wanted a closer look? I mean a much closer look. Google said Monday it is letting you do that and more through partnerships with museums around the world using its augmented reality platform Tango. By tapping the location and augmented reality capabilities of Tango, part of Google's ambitious plan to map the indoor world, museum visitors will soon be able to learn more than exhibit signs and audio tours can offer. How about using an AR overlay to peer beneath a mummy's sarcophagus and even its bandages like you were examining it under X-ray? Or motion-tracking technology to get a better feel for the grandeur of the Ishtar Gate, which once stood six stories high, from a 3-by-4-foot mosaic piece? In partnership with GuidiGo, maker of software that acts as a personal museum tour guide, the Detroit Institute of Arts will offer Tango-enabled Lenovo Phab 2 Pro phones at the front desk for deeper exploration of these exhibits and others, such as a cylinder seals and limestone reliefs from Mesopotamia. Google says it plans to bring the program to other museums around the world. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. Take a look here. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Software Augmented reality Google Related Stories Windows 10 will allow you to defer updates Get a lifetime subscription to WPS Office Business Edition for $33.99 Duolingo introduces clubs to make language-learning competitive Disney to produce TV spin-offs for Snapchat, starting with 'The Bachelor' Close   Discuss: Google's project Tango AR lets museum visitors... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube New Google Voice is in the works, confirms Google It looks like Google will have a new voice in 2017. A new banner on Google Voice website has suggested that new Google Voice is available to try out. “The new Google Voice is here,” banner is seen on the Google Voice website which is accompanied with a “try now” button. However, currently the “try now” button is not working as it the site just reloads the existing Google Voice website without when clicked. Google in a statement to The Verge said, Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. Google Voice has not received major update in many years hence a voice makeover will be welcomed. Last week, Google acquired Lime Audio to enhance voice quality on Hangouts. The company had deeper Google Voice integration to Hangouts couple of years back. Source "New Google Voice is in the works, confirms Google", 5 out of 5 based on 18 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on January 10, 2017Categories Google Post navigation Previous Previous post: WhatsApp users exchanged record 63 billion messages on New Year’s Eve Next Next post: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 launching in India on January 19 Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Microsoft acquires deep learning startup Maluuba Andy Rubin reportedly working on high-end smartphone with bezel-less display Weekly Round up – HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more Nokia 8 surfaces , Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 edge gets Android Nougat and more – FoneArena Daily Lenovo P2 Review ACT Fibernet enterprise plans in Bengaluru revised again, 250Mbps plan now has 2TB FUP Samsung Galaxy S8 prototype surfaces, dual camera said to be exclusive for Galaxy S8 Plus Wileyfox Swift 2X with 5.2-inch 1080p display, 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor announced Swipe Konnect Grand with 5-inch display, 1GB RAM, Android 6.0 launched for Rs. 2799 Bose SoundTouch 300 soundbar launched for Rs. 69999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 1.2M 4.6K Menu Trending Election 2016 Hillary Clinton 2nd Amendment Donald Trump MSM Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. How globalists predict your behavior Posted on January 10, 2017January 9, 2017 by Brandon Smith Views: 3,642 199 Shares The globalists seem to have an overarching obsessions with data collection. As we have seen with revelations from multiple government whistle-blowers, the establishment spends most of its time, energy and manpower collecting information not just on known threats to their supremacy, but information on everyone through FISA-based surveillance protocols. This is because the establishment sees all people as potential threats. Thus, the system, without warrant, is programmed to collate data from everywhere, not necessarily to be analyzed on the spot, but to be analyzed later in the event that a specific person rises to a level that poses legitimate harm to the globalist power structure. There was a time not long ago when this notion was considered “conspiracy theory” by the mainstream, but with multiple exposures from Wikileaks to Edward Snowden it is now common knowledge that the government (and the globalists) spy on us en masse. However, I do not think that many people understand the greater implications or uses for this full spectrum surveillance. This is why you sometimes hear the argument that “if you aren’t doing anything wrong, then you have nothing to worry about…” The truth is, mass surveillance is not done merely for the sake of surveillance, and it is certainly not undertaken for the sake of public safety. There is a greater purpose, and it is something the elites crave dearly — the purpose of total and predictive information awareness. The establishment is not just hoping to observe our present behavior in detail. No, they hope to use today’s data to predict our behavior tomorrow, and at this very moment, they are extremely close to achieving their goal. Lets examine some of the methods they use in the pursuit of this goal… Internet macro-analytics Web analytics are used by almost everyone with a website of their own, and Google is a primary source for this data. Through analytics you can easily measure web traffic for a particular site, but also where in the world the traffic is coming from, how long these people are staying on your site, how many of them are new visitors versus regular visitors, how your traffic has increased or decreased over a span of months or years, etc, etc. That said analytics are not just useful to someone with a web-based business or a blog, they are very useful to the establishment. Why? Because they allow the establishment to view the behavior of most of a population at any given time. In fact, Eric Schmidt, the former CEO of Google, is notorious for opening his big mouth and letting slip some of the finer intricacies of the establishment’s information war. In 2010 in a videotaped interview with The Atlantic, Schmidt said this: “With your permission, you give us more information about you, about your friends, and we can improve the quality of our searches. We don’t need you to type at all. We know where you are. We know where you’ve been. We can more or less know what you’re thinking about.” Now, this statement from Schmidt is not entirely true. The use of analytics to know the thought processes of the individual person is nonsensical because, first, individuals can be highly erratic and unpredictable due to emotion, intuition and abrupt changes in psychological dynamic. The elites do not know what you are thinking, yet. That said, they do have the tools at their disposal to use what I would call “macro-analytics,” a widely encompassing view of internet traffic, to predict group behavior. The ability to track the web habits of an entire population allows the elites to see shifts in social consciousness in real time. For example, I believe this very method was used to predict the shift of the U.S. population and parts of Europe towards a more conservative or “populist” ideal in 2016. Because of this the elites have acted accordingly. Instead of attempting to stop the social changes of the group, they have allowed conservative and sovereignty movements to attain a certain level of political power, while also setting those same movements up for epic failure in the next couple of years. I also predicted this move by the elites in advance before the Brexit Referendum (I will go into more detail on this in my next article). The point is, the elites do not necessarily need to spend the incredible amount of energy required to spy on each individual. When people form into ideological groups their behavior becomes much easier to predict. Through macro-analytics, the establishment can simply watch the traffic numbers of conservative and liberty sites to see how quickly a population is adopting that mindset, or abandoning it. They can read these social movements in advance and move to intercept or co-opt. Even if everyone in a given population found a way to use the web anonymously, this would do nothing to prevent the establishment from collecting wider analytic data and traffic data. The best strategy for defusing this weapon at the fingertips of the elites would be a decentralized internet; an internet in which analytics are not collected or cannot be collected. Whether this can be done using existing internet infrastructure or if it would require the freedom minded to start all over from scratch, I do not know. All I know is that while the existing system is indeed useful to liberty advocates as a means to spread information and to counter disinformation, it is also highly useful to the elites as a means to view and predict mass behavior. It is a trade-off, and it is hard to say who is getting the better part of the trade. For the establishment, though, the internet is quickly becoming, for all intents and purposes, the all seeing eye. Human integration with the internet Here is where Eric Schmidt’s claim of Google “knowing what you are thinking” could actually come true. Yet another statement from Schmidt in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter breaks down exactly what a human integration with the web might entail: “There will be so many IP addresses… so many devices, sensors, things that you are wearing, things that you are interacting with that you won’t even sense it. … It will be part of your presence all the time. Imagine you walk into a room, and the room is dynamic. And with your permission and all of that, you are interacting with the things going on in the room.” Note that Schmidt keeps bringing up the idea that they will have your “permission” to watch your life and actions in such vivid detail. The elites seem to love the idea of consent. Meaning, they take joy in tricking people into consenting to their own slavery. Surely, if the average person knew the extent to which their information would be used by the establishment against them, then they would not consent to a thing. But the elites figure that your ignorance and participation is enough consent for them. Case in point, the “internet of things” which Schmidt is describing, is already here. Not only can spy agencies tap into your web activity and your computer microphone and webcam, but also your cell phone activity. This includes the ability to use cell phone GPS to track every move you make in real time. But cell phones can also be activated while turned off (as long as they have battery power), and your conversations can be recorded while you are none-the-wiser. The cell phone is also a powerful tool for video surveillance. Cell phone makers are now getting ready to equip products with facial recognition software, allowing organizations like the NSA to not only track you with your own cell phone, but also track you through other people’s cell phones if they happen to capture your face in their own phone camera. New products are even more invasive. Amazon’s latest “Echo” technology, featuring “Alexa,” an app which allows the Echo to interpret your commands via microphone and talk back to you, is essentially a highly sensitive listening device which people are paying good money for and willingly centralizing in their homes. This is so Orwellian it is astonishing. Though Amazon claims the Echo only records audio for 60 seconds at a time and has refused to give data to the government in two separate instances for use in court prosecutions, the fact is that Amazon does have the data. And, if Amazon has access, then the NSA has access. It is foolish to assume otherwise. The federal pursuit of warrants to gain the data for use in court cases is nothing more than a show designed to normalize the practice of exploiting these devices and make the idea more palatable to the public. If the data can be used to solve a crime, then how can such surveillance be bad, after all? What Schmidt envisions, and I think what the globalists envision, are millions of households filled with devices like the Echo. Not only this, but they also envision every human being reliant on the “internet of things” every moment of every day. They want a world in which you can’t accomplish any necessary activity without interacting with the network. They want a world in which everything you say and do is recorded and modeled and profiled. We are not quite there yet, but we are not far off, and if such a world comes to pass, then the elites will, in a sense, be able to predict individual thought and behavior. Countering the surveillance grid In my next article I will be outlining more methods for countering establishment intrusions into your life. Not only that, but I will also be explaining how you can turn the tables and predict the behavior of the elites. In the meantime, the best solution to the problem is to distance one’s self from the grid wherever possible. This means doing simple things, like leaving your cell phone at home when it is not really necessary. I grew up in an era without cell phones. Trust me, we got by just fine without them. It also means being more present-minded on the technology in your home and what it does. Do you really need your webcam overlooking your house all day long? Does your computer really need to be operating every second? Do you really need to take pictures of your entire life and post them on Facebook? Can you not limit your desire for every new gadget that happens to come along? Humanity needs a healthy distance from technology. This doesn’t mean we go back to using a horse and buggy, but it does mean there is wisdom in moderation. Mass surveillance potential by the establishment is not just a threat to people who might be “up to no good”; it is a threat to everyone. For the ability to predict a population’s behavior makes that population highly controllable. No one is morally benevolent enough to be trusted with that kind of power. Anyone deliberately seeking to obtain such power should be treated with the utmost suspicion. Only the worst of men desire the means to intrude on the lives and minds of men. — Brandon Smith This entry was posted in Featured. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Today’s cartoon Fire rings you can build for survival → Brandon Smith is the founder of the Alternative Market Project, an organization designed to help you find like-minded activists and preppers in your local area so that you can network and construct communities for barter and mutual aid. Join Alt-Market.com today and learn what it means to step away from the unstable mainstream system and build something better. You can contact Brandon Smith at: brandon@alt-market.com Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Could Trump's allies declare him "unfit" to serve? Can Donald Trump beat the Deep State? Should law enforcement need a warrant to search your old emails? Is John McCain trying to take down the Trump administration? Does Goldman Sachs control Donald Trump? How much of your tax money do you think is wasted? Should Congress put an end to civil asset forfeiture? Can Trump change the Republican Party for the better? When it comes to Obamacare, lawmakers should... Are you prepared for social unrest? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ Ben Crystal: The show that never ends GS Early: The petrodollar is dying: what to do next? John Myers: Comparing Trump to Hitler is the dogma of the dumb and propaganda for the progressives Brandon Smith: How globalists predict your behavior Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates Is Bernie Sanders the adult among Democrats? Rand Paul poised to become a leading Obamacare reformer Audit the Fed supporters say there’s no excuse to stall the bill any longer Demand your lawmakers’ support for the Cruz, DeSantis term limits push Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Obama’s massive federal land grabs Rethinking the cost of war George Washington University drops American history requirement from its history program Obama’s last ditch effort to derail Trump deregulation Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Healthcare.gov still registering, granting ‘subsidies’ to fake people DOD still billing taxpayers for gambling and strippers Cool, hip Hillary Clinton touts ‘Free Wi-Fi’ plan, taxpayers to feel the pain Lawmaker demands Pentagon audit Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet WaPo columnist calls for ‘constitutional coup’ to oust Trump Trump nails CNN reporter: ‘You are fake news’ Mainstream media’s 10 favorite fake news tricks Watch Tucker Carlson turn editorialist into stuttering, stammering mess over ‘Russian hacking’ Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… Top 11 ‘Russian-hack’ questions the ‘rogue-electors’ should ask the CIA Once again, there were no Russians involved in the DNC email leak 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights 2017: The year of the gun Liberty University just got major credit with 2nd Amendment supporters 9th Circuit Court of Appeals makes another unconstitutional gun ruling EU uses terror threat to push more gun control Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents Jittery cops mean you should protect yourself during encounters Police union president claims reports of policing for profit ‘fake news’ Government owns all the water Bob Livingston: Your body is not your own; it belongs to the state On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations Gaye Levy: 11 things to do when you must hunker down in place Frank Bates: 10 essentials for your bug-out bag Kevin Michalowski: Do you carry a ‘winter’ gun? Thomas Miller: Overcoming ‘analysis paralysis’ in emergency preparedness Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics Here she comes again Could Hillary Clinton still face prosecution? Clinton speaks: Suggests Russians attacked America Report: Bitter, drunk Hillary Clinton still blaming everyone else Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues Trump vows to get to the bottom of ‘Russian hacking’ claims within 90 days World’s best-ever receipt and the importance of tax visibility Will Obama’s ‘good war’ in Afghanistan continue under Trump? Fake news is still free speech Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets 3 retail sale strategies that manipulate shoppers GS Early: Is this the next precious metal? GS Early: Black gold is in a bear market rally, nothing more GS Early: Prepare yourself for the Disruptor in Chief Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Election 2016 Hillary Clinton 2nd Amendment Donald Trump MSM Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Android Google Drops Fix For ‘High-Severity Vulnerability’ For Nexus 6, 6P; But No Solution For Fast Battery Drain Problem Yet By John Solinap on January 10 2017 01:25 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email The Google Nexus 6P was one of the best smartphone releases last year. The high-end option of the two Nexus phones last year was certainly a big hit. Unfortunately, it appears that the smartphone had some major vulnerabilities which could be exploited. The same can also be said of the Nexus 6 smartphone. Luckily, it appears that Google has finally found a way to solve the problem as it has just released a security patch for the vulnerability. Security and privacy are always very important to users of consumer technology. There have been several instances in the past wherein hackers were able to steal private details, files, and information from smartphones and computers. Thankfully, Google is hard at work to prevent this from happening to Nexus 6 and 6P users. According to PC World, Google recently released a patch that will fix the “high-severity” vulnerabilities in the Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P smartphones. The report mentions that the vulnerabilities would put the smartphone at risk of being hacked and listened in to. Nexus 6, 6P Vulnerability Issues Aside from hackers listening on calls, the vulnerabilities would also put the user at risk of important data in the phone being stolen. This would include credit card numbers, email passwords, and other sensitive information. Thankfully, the fix from Google helps prevent this from happening. Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P users are encouraged to update right away to ensure that they are protected. While the fix helps Nexus 6P users with the vulnerability issue, many are still asking for a solution to the battery drain problem. No Solution to Nexus 6P Battery Issue Yet The issue stemmed from the Android 7.0 Nougat update for the Nexus 6P which results in the smartphone shutting down even if there is a lot of battery life left. Google has not yet released a fix for this but surely they are working on finding a solution for the problem.Be sure to check back here soon to find out more news on the Nexus 6, 6P updates as well as on the other trending topics in the world of tech. Be sure to check back here soon to find out more news on the Nexus 6, 6P updates as well as on the other trending topics in the world of tech. Read Also: Nexus 6P Battery Problem Fix: Google Responds to Consumer Complaints   Related Items:Nexus 6 Security Patch, nexus 6p, Nexus 6p Battery Problem, Nexus 6P Vulnerability Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Nexus 6P Battery Problem Fix: Google Responds to Consumer Complaints Nexus 6P Battery Problems: How To Solve It Nexus 6p Battery Issue Still Not Fixed With Android 7.1.1 OS Update About the author John Solinap John is a writer for TheBitBag.com. Being a tech and gadget junkie, he enjoys reading about the latest news and updates in the world of computers and technology. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Notices Buy&Sell Directory Dating ALL Crime Education Business Health Jobs News Politics Blogs Letters Transport Community Class trip of a lifetime - Lincolnshire pupils embark on an adventurous 'magical' tour of the world By Anna Draper  |  Posted: January 10, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Class trip of a lifetime - Lincolnshire pupils embark on an adventurous 'magical... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / Body find near A46 in hunt for missing Newark man 1 Cats dumped at roadside up for re-homing 1 Local MPs urge government to support "brave"... 1 Comments (0) Students and staff at Waddington All Saints Community Primary School are understandably very excited about their round-the-world class trip . Their exotic globe-trotting excursions included everything from studying plants in tropical gardens and arctic tundra to watching elephants and zebras stroll across the African Savanna. The project has all been made possible by Lincolnshire entrepreneur Simon Adderley who has developed cutting-edge technology and will enable children nationwide to experience the wonders of the world...and even beyond. Mr Adderley, who launched Lincoln virtual reality company Tension VR in July 2016, has worked hand-in-hand with tech-giants Google to deliver a mind-blowingly realistic virtual-reality experience to thousands of children in the comfort and safety of their classroom. Google piloted Expeditions in various places around the world using simple self-assembly viewers made out of card. These have now been replaced with more robust, fit-for-purpose plastic headsets and the technology has been refined. Lincolnshire children are the first in the UK to experience the new system. READ MORE Sneak peek: UK's first virtual reality centre opens in Lincoln Mr Adderley, 51 said: "We are very excited, being able to take 30 students into virtual reality in the classroom is such a perfect fit, our realities can compliment any curriculum , in an afternoon we can take children from the Great Wall of China to the furthest galaxies or tour inside the human body and the Great Barrier Reef. "We can take the pupils where the school bus can't go . "At the moment we have 250 different experiences . So the explorers, as they are known, are able to float around outer-space, stand on different planets and get a real feel for the differences in size and distance between them." "We have taken them in the lift to the top of the highest building in the world and they can see the view, crawl around the space station or drive a Mars Exploration Rover and even use it to take photographs". The headsets make the experience so realistic that it will make the little adventurers feel as they can reach out and touch a spider, a frog or move out of the way as a whale's tail flips past them. Video below of first children to try the UK's only purpose-built virtual reality for schools. Teacher Beth Saville's pupils at All Saints School, Waddington were the first class in the country to try out the new technology. She said: It's very exciting for the children and all the staff are really excited too. "We like to use what we call irresistible learning - something that is so new and exciting that the children can't help but be engaged. "We believe that children should experience things themselves and this allows them to do that and as a school we are always keen to embrace and push new technology." "We are studying different biomes (large ecological areas on the earth's surface) and we visited lots of different places including, tropical gardens, the Sahara desert and the Arctic . "Virtual reality fully immerses them in learning. We are going to use the experience to inspire and improve the quality of their writing. Then they will be creating their own virtual tours." Mr Adderley said: "Statistics show that children taking part in a virtual reality experience have around 50 percent more retention than when using two dimensional "flat" teaching materials. It also creates a level of excitement that engages them in the lesson. The potential is huge." Mr Adderley added: "The great thing is that it is all inclusive. So if you are able bodied or not, you will still be able to have an amazing experience. "Also children from less-well-off backgrounds probably have fewer opportunities to experience the real world. With this everyone is level." Mr Adderley said: "The system is extremely user-friendly so the teacher can see what the children are experiencing. Little tabs will pop up on her tablet with information notes so she can guide them around points of interest and even check that they are looking in the right place. "Our technicians tailor the software to the school's curriculum and will always go out to the school to be on hand to help to make sure that everyone gets the most out of the experience." Using the spectacular 360 degree video and photograph software Google Expeditions, Mr Adderley's and his team at Tension Educational Expeditions have spent 18 months creating and refining a broadcast system compatible for use in UK classrooms. This means all 30 pupils will be able to experience the same environment at the same time with a teacher guiding the lesson using a wirelessly linked tablet. Mr Adderley said that the system will put the county at the forefront cutting-edge technology. "Lincolnshire schools will be able to use the system first, but over the next 12 months we will be rolling it out nationally. "Lincolnshire will be benefiting from cutting-edge technology and we are showing that we can compete with the rest of the world. It's not about where you are in the world geographically anymore it's all about grasping the opportunities that are available. Once launched I think it will just explode. "Although I have lived and worked all over the world, I am Lincolnshire born and bred so we are offering schools in the county a special introductory price of £450 per day (£600 normally) . This includes three different sessions. When it is rolled out nationally we will still fully support Lincolnshire Schools and we will always make sure that county schools have a favourable rate. "Each full system costs around £22,000 and we can provide those too, but we realise that schools don't always have that sort of capital." Mr Adderley said that the first ever lesson using the system had gone better than he could have hoped. "There have been no technical glitches and it was great to see how using VR in the lesson harnesses their enthusiasm. "Eighteen months ago I thought I was right but having seen it in action today, now know I was right. "It's been a very long journey for us to get to this stage, but it is very satisfying" "To see the children getting so much out of it - it was absolutely magical." Report this article Read more from Lincolnshire Live Most Recent Most Commented Body find near A46 in hunt for missing Newark man Cats dumped at roadside up for re-homing Local MPs urge government to support "brave" ambulance... It's a sell out! Lincoln City v Ipswich FA Cup replay tickets... Sell out expected as tickets go on sale for FA Cup replay Lincoln City fans queue for cup tie tickets in the dark from... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Manager Salary : Competitive New Housing / Maintenance Plumber(s) Salary : TBC Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Jobs News Business Sport Football Lincoln City Boston United Cricket Our Site Jobs How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Virtual Reality > Google Tango augmented reality is making its way… Google Tango augmented reality is making its way to a museum near you By Mark Coppock — January 9, 2017 3:35 PM Share Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Lenovo Phab 2 Pro MSRP $499.99 Learn More Augmented reality (AR) has taken some serious steps over the last couple of years, moving from simple mobile apps like Google Goggles to full systems with much more powerful applications. Much of that has to do with Microsoft’s HoloLens technology, which moved AR to parity with emerging virtual reality (VR) systems, but Microsoft isn’t alone. Another important player in AR is Google, with its Tango initiative that lets smartphones provide on on-screen AR experience using built-in sensors that provide the required motion-tracking, area learning, and depth perception functionality. Tango is making its way into the real world, and one of the first functional applications is in museums starting with the Detroit Institute of Arts, according to the Google blog. More: Google, Qualcomm bring Project Tango tech to Snapdragon processors The idea is simple but powerful: Walk into the facility, and you can request one of the first Tango-enabled smartphones, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Then, when you walk around the museum and marvel at the exhibits, you can use the Lumin app developed in partnership with GuidiGo to overlay an AR experience that great expands on what you can see with the naked eye. For example, without AR, you’d be limited to simply looking at the exterior of the an ancient Egyptian mummy. With Tango, you actually look into the sarcophagus and the mummy’s bandages and peer at the mummy’s actual skeleton. Another example is the ability to extrapolate from the museum’s three-foot by four-foot mosaic piece to the complete Ishtar Gate. Tango’s motion tracking technology makes it possible to visualize the gate’s entire six-story structure and imagine the structure’s actual massive scale. Mesopotamian limestone reliefs also come to live with Tango. While today’s relics are faded and drab, the original reliefs were vibrantly colored — and AR lets you see them in all of their original glory as if thousands of years hadn’t actually passed. Finally, Tango lets you unlock Mesopotamian cylinder seals. Inside, clay impressions that were used to keep track of things like jewelry and signatures can be visualized without breaking the seals. AR holds tremendous promise in terms of allowing us to see things in realistic 3D that are either hidden or have long faded away. Google’s Tango is one of the first affordable real-world systems that can bring AR applications to life, and museums certainly seem like great places to start. Also watch: Share
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | PHOTOS | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Politics | Ask the US Embassy | Clearing Customs | Environment Fire destroys Clifton Boys' Home in Darliston 7:38 PM ONLINE READERS’ COMMENT: St Thomas, the forgotten parish 4:53 PM UHWI provides further clarification on cancellation of surgeries 4:27 PM Pope admits to 'darkness' in own faith 4:10 PM Regional Drug Law Enforcement Training Centre celebrates 21 years of service 2:42 PM Health ministry undertaking measures to curtail malaria 2:30 PM UPDATE: 6 killed in gun battle members of 'Ski Mask' gang — police 1:44 PM Ibrahimovic rescues Man Utd in Liverpool draw 1:10 PM ONLINE READERS’ COMMENT: Do we really want to solve crime and reduce corruption? 12:29 PM Brazil reports new prison riot under control after 10 killed 12:23 PM Britain threatens to undercut EU if Brexit plans fail 12:14 PM Trump team denies report that he will meet Putin at summit 10:45 AM #RebelSalute2017: 'Daughters worth more than a big dutty man,' Queen Ifrica warns mothers 10:25 AM C'bean-American congresswoman joins legislators in boycotting Trump's inauguration 10:04 AM #RebelSalute2017: Rocksteady vibe at reggae festival 9:41 AM Former Moravian Church president also resigns as chairman of Teachers' Services Commission 9:24 AM Six killed in gun battle with security forces in St James 8:56 AM #RebelSalute2017: Tony Rebel celebrates earth strong 2:06 AM #RebelSalute2017: Large gathering on final night 1:21 AM Weekly Round-up: Hampton principal apologises...Royal Caribbean sued...World Cup expanded 10:00 AM News Do you really know how to Google search? Technology: Feature BY: KELESHIA POWELL Observer staff reporter keleshiap@jamaicaobserver.com Tuesday, January 10, 2017     Tweet THE World Wide Web is populated with a wealth of information that can be accessed with just the click of a button. You can find information on virtually any topic within minutes through your preferred search engine. The information is so much that, at times, you have to sift through several results to find exactly what you need, turning what could be a one-minute search into hours. With Google being the most popular search engine worldwide, according to Net Marketshare, DigIT has compiled a list of effective search methods to yield better results. According to Google support, one method of controlling search results is through the use of search operators and symbols. While Google ignores punctuation marks when conducting a search, there are a few symbols that have specific functions which the search engine recognises when properly used. Check out these seven Google search methods. 1. Whole Phrases If you are searching for specific phrases or words in an exact order, the simplest and most effective way to do so is to use quotation marks. Let’s say you heard a song on the radio but you can only remember one line from the lyrics. Just typing the words into the search bar would give you results with these words appearing in any order on a website and not the specific order in which it was typed. Now, do the same search, but this time type it within quotation marks, example: “turn your lights down low”. You will get only results showing the words in the exact order that you typed them — a great method to finding the lyrics to your song. 2. Forgotten words But what if you didn’t catch a full phrase? You heard the line in the song but some of the words in-between were a blur. Google recognises the use of asterisks in place of any unknown or wild card terms and can use this to narrow your search. Example: Turn your * down low ** your * curtain 3. Finding numbers within a range or time frame For researchers who want to dig into information within a specific time frame, you can focus your search on a specific time period with the use of periods. This method also works for other ranges, such as pricing. Examples: smartphones 2000..2005 or laptops $200..$400 4. This OR that In the event that you don’t quite remember the information or the name of someone to start your search, it’s possible to conduct a search on multiple variations using ‘OR’. For example, you can’t remember which Jennifer starred in the movie you watched last night, type Jennifer Lopez OR Lawrence. The same rule applies when you want to use a word and other synonymous terms. Example: marathon OR race. 5. Search specific sites You can also search for results on a certain website. To do this, type a keyword or phrase then the address of the site(s) you want to search. Example: site: drone regulations jamaicaobserver.com To search multiple sites use: drone regulations site:jamaicaobserver.com OR site:jcaa.gov.jm 6. Eliminating unwanted search terms Sometimes you want to conduct a Google search but would like to eliminate results from a certain website or you’re looking for words with multiple meanings and would like precise results. To do this, simply type a minus symbol or dash before the search term or site. Examples: jaguar speed -car OR -site: wikipedia.org 7. Finding similar websites Google also allows its users to find sites that are similar to a specified web address using the word related, followed by a colon before the desired site. Example: related:jamaicaobserver.com It is important to note that when using the methods listed above, you should not add spaces between the search operator (site: or related:) and your search term, according to Google support. A search for site:jamaicaobserver.com will work, but site: jamaicaobserver.com will not. While DigIT selected only seven search methods, there are a number of other advanced search operators you can explore. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES Six killed in gun battle with security forces in St James Bad Friday the 13th in St James Audley Shaw: a man and a moment Moravian Church says it’s committed to maintaining high moral standards Legal Aid mobile unit ready for the road Appleton, Long Pond setbacks sour sugar production Police hold three robbers in Cherry Garden Dramatic rescue St Elizabeth councillors debate matter involving arrest of pastor Excitement grows in MoBay for trade show Grandparents who help care for children live longer Fire destroys Clifton Boys' Home in Darliston ONLINE READERS’ COMMENT: St Thomas, the forgotten parish UHWI provides further clarification on cancellation of surgeries Pope admits to 'darkness' in own faith Regional Drug Law Enforcement Training Centre celebrates 21 years of service Health ministry undertaking measures to curtail malaria UPDATE: 6 killed in gun battle members of 'Ski Mask' gang — police Ibrahimovic rescues Man Utd in Liverpool draw ONLINE READERS’ COMMENT: Do we really want to solve crime and reduce corruption? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Poll Should Heather Murray be fired as Hampton School principal for attending court in the case of a pastor on a sex charge? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District S.F. rally to save Obamacare draws Joan Baez, political leaders CIA chief rips Trump over Russia No running away and joining Ringling Bros. News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Thousands rally in California against health law repeal Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy Warriors’ Curry seems to be back on track since loss to Cavs Report: Ex-49ers coach Kelly interviewed with Jaguars It’s official: Justin Wilcox is Cal’s next football coach Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack For young entrepreneurs, college debts can snuff out startup Aerospace firms start recruiting in prekindergarten Air India’s women-only row; Lyft’s big loss; driverless in A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Julia Cho’s ‘Aubergine’ wins 2017 Glickman Award The latest from Dear Abby Live Nation acquires major stake in BottleRock festival ‘Patriots Day’ skillfully shoehorns tragedy into formula Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Riddler opens in Hayes Valley Announcing the Chronicle's 2017 wine competition winners 10 ideas for where to put the French Laundry’s temporary Cafe St. Jorge gets new owners on Mission Street Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Underwater towns of Northern California Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Russian Hill Gothic Tudor formerly owned by Nicolas Cage asks $12 Hot Property: Full-floor penthouse inside Haight Ashbury Is this supercool Oakland pad an incredible bargain? Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Can-Google-and-Amazon-build-a-greener-Internet-10845971.php Can Google and Amazon build a greener Internet despite Trump? By David R. Baker Updated 9:05 pm, Monday, January 9, 2017 Photo: Associated Press Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A wind farm in Minco, Okla. provides Google with some of its renewable energy. Google says it believes that beginning in 2017, it will have amassed enough renewable energy to meet all of its electricity needs throughout the world. less A wind farm in Minco, Okla. provides Google with some of its renewable energy. Google says it believes that beginning in 2017, it will have amassed enough renewable energy to meet all of its electricity needs ... more Photo: Associated Press Can Google and Amazon build a greener Internet despite Trump? 1 / 1 Back to Gallery President-elect Donald Trump may question the need to use more renewable power, but a growing number of Internet companies don’t. A report issued Tuesday by the Greenpeace environmental group finds that many of the world’s largest Internet companies — including Apple, Facebook and Google — have made major progress powering their online operations with renewable energy. Almost 20 have committed to running their data centers and other facilities on 100 percent renewable energy as a way to fight global warming, although they differ on timetables and details. Yet other companies are opening energy-hungry data centers in states and countries that still derive most of their electricity from coal-fired power plants, which release more greenhouse gases than plants burning natural gas. And China’s fast-growing Internet titans — such as Alibaba and Baidu — generally don’t say where they get their electricity, according to Greenpeace. “On the positive side, you see a race going on to build a renewable-powered Internet,” said Gary Cook, a Greenpeace analyst and lead author of the report. “We see a lot of renewable energy deals, showing those companies are following through on their commitments — and that’s great,” he said. “On the flip side, we still see pretty poor transparency from a lot of companies.” When Greenpeace first began studying the energy sources used by Internet companies, in 2009, none had yet publicly committed to 100 percent renewable power, he said. Now, in 2017, Google plans to buy as much renewable power as the company uses worldwide. Since Google operates in some countries where renewable power remains scarce, the company will buy more than it needs in places where it is plentiful and sell any excess electricity on the open market. Information technology already consumes about 7 percent of the electricity generated around the world, according to the report. And that demand will grow as more of the Earth’s population goes online and video streaming services surge. The report gives high marks to Facebook, Apple and Google, who have used their purchasing power to help create a renewable energy market that other Internet companies can tap. Other big names in the industry, however, receive harsher scores. The report, for example, takes to task Amazon Web Services, the world’s largest cloud-computing operation. The Amazon subsidiary has been adding data centers in places such as Virginia with little renewable power. And it doesn’t release enough information about its energy use and greenhouse gas emissions for outsiders to gauge the effectiveness of the steps it has taken to combat climate change, according to Greenpeace. The report even refers to Amazon Web Services as “one of the single biggest obstacles” to transparency about renewable power use. Amazon has adopted a goal of deriving 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources, although it has not set a deadline to reach that mark. The company plans to hit 50 percent by the end of this year and in November announced plans to fund construction of five new solar power plants in Virginia. Asked to comment on the report, an Amazon spokeswoman pointed to some of the company’s recent announcements on renewable power projects. Other prominent tech companies receiving poor grades from Greenpeace include Netflix and Twitter. Neither responded to a request for comment from The Chronicle. While Greenpeace hopes to prod more Internet companies into action, it also wants such leaders as Google, Apple and Facebook to advocate in public for renewable power policies once Trump takes office. Trump has pledged to revive the American coal industry and has stocked both his transition team and his cabinet picks with people who have questioned climate science or tried to block efforts to rein in greenhouse gases. “The federal government in the U.S. is going to be at best agnostic about energy and possibly hostile to climate policy, so corporations really have to get more engaged and push,” Cook said. “Companies who have been leading and who have made these commitments need to speak up and say, ‘This is important to us.’” David R. Baker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dbaker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @DavidBakerSF   Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Police beat black man suspected of stealing car. It was his. The best-selling artist born in each state Most disproportionately popular TV show in each state Most streamed show on Netflix in each state Study: Best and worst states for love Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia This is what could happen if Obamacare is repealed Hunters claiming to be shot by Mexicans shot each other Facebook will filter 'fake news' in Germany Photography festival coming to San Francisco Foo Fighters, Tom Petty to headline BottleRock 2017 TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best of this weekend's NFL playoff memes Underwater towns of Northern California 'Simply perfect' contemporary awaits in Piedmont Pines SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Get 66% off these waterproof bags to keep your things dry in... Save half off this commuter-friendly bag to carry your... Most Popular 1 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 2 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 Richmond teacher faces life in prison after being found guilty... 4 ‘SNL': Watch Golden Showers Ruin Alec Baldwin’s Trump’s... 5 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... 6 Noisy Air Force transport jets startle Marin County residents 7 Before-and-after photos show California storm's insane impact... 8 American Apparel to close all of its stores 9 Underwater towns of Northern California 10 Israel says Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing Microsoft linkedin Russia tells Apple and Google to remove the LinkedIn app from their stores A punishment for violating data storage laws By Rob Thubron on Jan 9, 2017, 11:30 AM TechSpot Back in November last year, Russia’s communications regulator ordered public access to LinkedIn’s website to be blocked. Now, the country wants to remove all trace of the company's mobile app, and has ordered Apple and Google to remove it from their respective stores. LinkedIn’s Russia ban was apparently a result of its failure to adhere to new laws brought in by President Vladimir Putin back in August 2014, which requires Internet companies that store the details of Russian citizens to do so on servers within the country. The New York Times reports that LinkedIn’s apps stopped working properly once the website was blocked, but the country still wanted them completely removed from the Apple and Google Play online stores. Apple confirmed that it was asked to remove the LinkedIn app from its Russian store about a month ago. Google, meanwhile, didn’t say if it had removed the application but added that it complies with the local laws of each particular country. Both companies declined to comment further. Microsoft-owned LinkedIn is, of course, unhappy with the decision. A spokesperson said the move “denies access to our members in Russia and the companies that use LinkedIn to grow their businesses.” The incident is the second recent case of a country asking for an app to be removed from an online store. Apple confirmed last week that it had complied with a request from the Chinese government to remove the New York Times iOS app in China. Microsoft is facing other problems in Russia; Moscow is replacing MS Exchange Server and Outlook on 6000 of the city’s computers, and Windows and Office may be the next MS products in the firing line. Related Reads Microsoft talks Office as a platform, shows third-party integrations with LinkedIn, Uber and more Russia to investigate Microsoft, Kaspersky says Windows Defender is anti-competitive Samsung to reportedly launch Tizen-based smartphone in Russia, India Post a comment 66 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… HTC U Ultra: New flagship looks like a cross between the LG V20 and Galaxy Note 7 10 ingenious uses for a super cheap tablet Latest Windows 10 preview arrives with a huge number of new features Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 22 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 43,889 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,971 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 24,159 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 20,481 Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction 19,691 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers 18,429 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy YouTube may be courting Conan for streaming channel By Claire Atkinson View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 9, 2017 | 10:42pm | Updated January 10, 2017 | 10:04am Modal Trigger Conan O'Brien Getty Images SEE ALSO TBS weighs switching Conan O'Brien show to weekly :0 Conan O’Brien’s career may be taking another unexpected turn. Turner... TBS weighs switching Conan O’Brien show to weekly Google’s YouTube has had preliminary discussions about the availability of carrot-top talk show host Conan O’Brien, a source told The Post. O’Brien, who is reportedly paid $12 million a year at TBS, is in the final year of his contract. The 53-year-old host is angling for a raise and a shake-up of his role at the network — perhaps a role that could better exploit his digital abilities, a source said. O’Brien, who is hugely popular with the young male demographic, has 4.6 million YouTube channel subscribers — even as ratings for his Monday-to-Thursday show have declined. The emergence of YouTube Red, Google’s premium streaming channel, as a potential partner for O’Brien is surprising — although possibly marketing gold given the host’s prominent crown of red hair. The streaming video giant is trying to build a paid streaming service with a package of TV channels. “Conan is the longest-running late night talk show host and he has the youngest demo,” a source said. O’Brien could help it fight for eyeballs against the likes of Netflix, which nabbed Chelsea Handler from E! Entertainment. Both Netflix and Amazon air comedy specials. Despite the interest, O’Brien will ultimately stick with TBS, sources close to the comedian said, although there has also been some network interest. Fox had pitched to win O’Brien back in 2010 when he left his “Tonight Show” perch in a huff over NBC’s scheduling changes. TBS programming boss Kevin Reilly was at Fox at the time. Turner Broadcasting Chief Executive John Martin sparked controversy last week when he told The Wrap that O’Brien’s 11 p.m. show might go to a weekly format because of intense competition in the late night segment. Since O’Brien’s last set of talks, the TV landscape has changed radically. “Almost all late night talk shows were down this year, with the exception of James Corden, host of CBS’ “Late, Late Show,” whose “Carpool Karaoke” viral bits have put him on the map,” Billie Gold, research director at Carat, told The Post. TBS and Google declined comment. O’Brien reps could not be reached. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under conan o'brien ,  streaming video ,  youtube Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Yahoo to rebrand as Altaba Inc. as Marissa Mayer steps dow... Read Next Yahoo to rebrand as Altaba Inc. as Marissa Mayer steps dow... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 43,635 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,232 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 23,772 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On Sunny Pawar’s dream is about to come true Opening Ceremony is ditching New York Fashion Week, too Good Samaritan saves Candace Bushnell’s dog from icy pond SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Alphabet to sell Skybox satellite business to Planet Labs: Report Rumored talks indicate the parent company of Google is offloading a $500 million acquisition it made just three years ago. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | January 10, 2017 -- 02:03 GMT (18:03 PST) | Topic: Internet of Everything Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai (Image: File photo) Alphabet's Skybox Imaging satellite business, renamed to Terra Bella last year, could be sold to Planet Labs in an equity transaction, according to Bloomberg. ANDROID SECURITY Google has an Android security problem Security is everyone's responsibility, not just those with the cash to upgrade. Read More Alphabet's Google division acquired Skybox for roughly $500 million three years ago. Skybox's satellites record and provide access to high-definition video of landscapes and detailed imagery. Google used Skybox for Google Maps imagery, and at the time of the acquisition had ambitions to use the satellites to help improve internet access and disaster relief. If the sale goes through to Planet Labs, another satellite-imaging startup, it's not clear how much equity Alphabet would receive. Bloomberg reported some employees will move to the new company and others will be reassigned to parts of Google. Alphabet has been scaling back expensive projects, including Google Fiber. It also spun its self-driving car division into a separate company called Waymo in December 2016. Gallery: Google's Waymo shows self-driving... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Internet of Things Korean startup prevents fire with the power of IoT Internet of Everything Dark side of wearables: Tsunami of useless medical big data Internet of Things 10 ways to prepare enterprises for the Internet of Things Internet of Things Is the Internet of Things a developer's dream or a million new headaches? × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Software Apple's Siri: The smart person's guide Here's the lowdown on Siri, Apple's game-changing popular personal digital assistant. Find out how Siri significantly extends the usefulness of a device running iOS, macOS, watchOS, or tvOS. By Erik Eckel | January 9, 2017, 5:12 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: CNET/Tyler Lizenby Occasionally, seemingly small innovations pack tremendous impact. Certainly, that's proven true with Apple's Siri personal digital assistant. The voice-activated concierge so significantly reshapes the way people interact with devices that Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt has stated the feature poses a threat to Google's underlying search business. Regardless of rhetoric, Siri has its fans, with Apple revealing that the digital assistant fulfills more than 1 billion requests per week. Whether you want to shorten the time required to answer a question, schedule a ride, check a flight's status, send a text message, or obtain navigation information without having to type, Siri offers users intelligent assistance that adapts to the individual user's nuances over time. Available in all of Apple's operating systems—iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS—users can customize the digital concierge to possess different voices and change the way its services are activated. We'll update this resource guide when new information is available about Siri. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides Executive summary What it is: Siri is a digital personal assistant that performs searches and completes actions in response to an end user's natural voice commands. Siri was originally introduced as a standalone iOS app by Siri Inc., and Apple acquired the company in April 2010. The feature was integrated within iOS, dating back to version 5, after which the feature was steadily rolled into Apple's other platforms, including watchOS, tvOS, and macOS. The platform supports some 20 languages in dozens of countries. Why it matters: Siri introduces an innovative and revolutionary search and instruction strategy, being adopted by competitors (including Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant), that changes the way users interact with devices and obtain information. Who this affects: Users of any Apple device—whether the equipment is a smartphone, tablet, desktop computer, laptop, Apple TV, iPod touch, or watch—can access Siri capabilities, which help leverage investments the user has made in digital content and material across all Apple devices and services using an Apple ID. Apple application programmers are also impacted by the feature, as Siri presents additional integration opportunities, and potentially challenges, for software developers. How to get it: Siri is integrated within iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Users can customize settings for the feature, which is automatically integrated within contemporary Apple devices. Additional resources: Siri's legacy: How next-gen bots will change the way business gets done (TechRepublic) Three Apple predictions for 2017 (TechRepublic) 11 new Siri features to try in iOS 10, macOS Sierra, and Apple TV (CNET) 20 Siri tips that will make your life easier (CNET) What it is Siri is a digital personal assistant, integrated within Apple device OSes, that enables Apple device users to get answers to questions, check the weather forecast, confirm flights, book rides, make payments, and display specific files, perform searches, send a message, and much more in response to the user's natural voice commands. The time-saving feature uses natural language and doesn't require learning sophisticated or unfamiliar commands. Also, Siri adapts to a user's nuances, learns from previous operations, and leverages a device's existing capabilities to extend usefulness with a minimum of user instruction or interaction. More about Innovation 6 ways cities will become smarter in 2017 Artificial intelligence: The 3 big trends to watch in 2017 9 IoT global trends for 2017 Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter Siri is not a utility to be used in hectic, noisy environments, or a tool to be leveraged for performing complex commands, such as editing videos or photos. Instead, the digital concierge excels at performing time-saving commands ("Siri, please text my spouse that I am running five minutes behind"), opening a specific file ("Siri, please open the 2017 budget spreadsheet"), accessing specific photos ("Siri, please open the photo album with the new product shots"), providing you with weather information so you know if you'll need an umbrella ("Siri, is it going to rain at 3:00 pm?"), and similar tasks. The more time you spend with the digital concierge, the more you'll learn how it can be used to perform tasks. Additional resources: Developers preview new ways to make payments, send messages and more using Siri (Apple) Apple iOS 10: First look at improved Siri shows better control of third-party apps (ZDNet) WWDC 2016: Apple brings Siri to new MacOS Sierra (ZDNet) macOS Sierra: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Apple spruces up Siri, making it more proactive in iOS 9 (CNET) Why it matters Instead of users having to stop what they're doing, navigate to various menus and applications, access the keyboard, type specific instructions, and browse and occasionally revise results, Siri enables users to deliver simple and natural voice commands to Apple devices. Whether seeking to play a video, obtain navigational information, or perform some other tasks, users can quickly perform all these actions using Siri via minimally disruptive voice commands. SEE: Executive's guide to Apple in the enterprise (free ebook) (TechRepublic) Considering users configure Apple devices to join their iCloud and iTunes accounts, the content (spreadsheets, documents, presentations, PDFs, videos, photos, movies, TV shows, music, and other files) available to all their Apple devices becomes accessible to Siri. The result is a much more efficient and productive relationship between an end user, the end user's digital content (files, photos, videos, music, applications, cloud services, etc.), and the user's devices (Apple TV, iPhone, Mac, automobile entertainment system, watchOS, and iPad). Siri also simplifies the task of leveraging other Apple technologies. For example, an iPhone user on the go can instruct Siri to schedule a 2:00 pm client appointment on Tuesday. When the Apple user returns to the office, powers on his or her Mac, and opens the Apple Calendar, the meeting will already be present on the calendar, assuming the user has configured Apple Calendar properly on all his/her devices. Apple's quickly closed the gap from being able to enter such information on the go to being able to enter and synchronize such data using simple voice commands. The ramifications are impactful and wide-ranging. Additional resources: Satya Nadella: Software bots will be as big as mobile apps (TechRepublic) Samsung confirms Google's 'AI-first' vision by tapping former Siri founders (TechRepublic) Smart machines are about to run the world: Here's how to prepare (TechRepublic) Special report: How to implement AI and machine learning (free PDF) (TechRepublic) Research: Apple's Growing Role in the Enterprise (Tech Pro Research) Gallery: Amazon Alexa dominates CES 2017 with dozens of third-party integrations (TechRepublic) CNET Smart Home (CNET) Why Siri is so important for Apple (Time) Who this affects Users of Apple devices, including iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple TVs, and Apple Watches, are affected by Siri innovations. Customers who purchase automobiles equipped with Apple CarPlay also benefit; Siri functionality integrates with the car's audio system's capabilities and better links a user's iPhone with the vehicle to simplify obtaining directions, making calls, listening to books, sending and receiving messages, and listening to music. Developers are also impacted, as software manufacturers benefit when their applications are integrated with Siri. Apple's SiriKit assists developers with the process. SiriKit consists of two frameworks that developers can leverage to tie their applications and services with Siri. Additional resources: Apple WWDC 2016: The wonderful world of new developer APIs (TechRepublic) AI chatbots are overhyped and unimpressive, say developers (TechRepublic) Job description: iOS developer (Tech Pro Research) How tech can help seniors 'age in place,' save money, and be independent (TechRepublic) Siri and Alexa's future: Health and emotional support? (CNET) Siri, arm my Honeywell security system (CNET) D-Link Omna opens Siri's eyes at CES 2017 (CNET) Video: Google Assistant vs Siri (ZDNet) Apple SiriKit Programming Guide (Apple) How to get it Users seeking to leverage Siri's capabilities need to purchase a contemporary Mac, iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, Apple Watch, or Apple TV. Siri settings can be customized using an iPhone's or iPad's Settings menu, a Mac's System Preferences screen, and the Settings menu on an Apple TV. The default method of accessing Siri on an iPhone or an iPad is to hold down the Home button. To summon Siri on a macOS Sierra-equipped Mac, you can leverage a keyboard shortcut assigned within System Preferences or by clicking the Siri icon on the menu bar (after configuring your Mac's Siri preferences to enable its appearance). macOS Sierra also places a Siri icon in the Dock for easy access. Using an Apple Watch, you can ask Siri a question by pressing the depressing and holding the Digital Crown or by raising the Watch or tapping the screen and saying "Hey Siri." Additional resources: Using Siri on your Mac (Apple) Using Siri on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch (Apple) Using Siri on your Apple Watch (Apple) Siri support page (Apple) How to set up Siri in iOS 9 (TechRepublic) How to use third-party apps with Siri (TechRepublic) How to maximize using Siri in macOS Sierra (TechRepublic) How to give Siri a sex change (ZDNet) The 13 best uses of Siri on a Mac (CNET) The latest news about Siri (CNET) For Apple-related news, analysis, product reviews, and tips, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Erik Eckel Erik Eckel owns and operates two technology companies. As a managing partner with Louisville Geek, he works daily as an IT consultant to assist small businesses in overcoming technology challenges and maximizing IT investments. He is also president o... Full Bio Contact See all of Erik's content Google+ erikeckel × Full Bio Erik Eckel owns and operates two technology companies. As a managing partner with Louisville Geek, he works daily as an IT consultant to assist small businesses in overcoming technology challenges and maximizing IT investments. He is also president of Eckel Media Corp., a communications company specializing in public relations and technical authoring projects. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Severance policy Hiring kit: Robotics engineer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Retail Technology Shifting gears: Google’s self-driving minivan takes spotlight in Detroit as industry changes Originally published January 9, 2017 at 6:08 pm Updated January 9, 2017 at 10:07 pm The introduction of the vehicle, built by Detroit automaker Fiat Chrysler, highlighted the industry’s fascination with autonomous-driving vehicles, as well as the rising sway of the technology industry in the auto business. Share story By BILL VLASIC The New York Times DETROIT — There are shiny new sport-utility vehicles, brawny pickups and sleek sedans. But the unlikely star of the annual Detroit auto show is an odd-looking minivan capable of driving itself. The van, designed by Google, grabbed the spotlight Sunday, the first day of media previews. The vehicle’s introduction highlighted the industry’s fascination with autonomous-driving vehicles, as well as the rising sway of the technology industry in the auto business. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, spun off its driverless-car project last month. The new business, called Waymo, is considered a sign the company is ready to commercialize a decade of research and development of a vehicle operated solely by computer. The van is the first fruit of those labors. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. In many ways, it looks like a conventional minivan. But it is also equipped with the self-driving sensors and vision systems developed by Waymo, some of which protrude from its body. That combination is telling. The van was built by the Detroit automaker Fiat Chrysler, making it the first heavyweight collaboration between a major automaker and one of Silicon Valley’s elite. And it shows how Waymo, widely considered the leader in autonomous driving technology, hopes to sell its self-driving systems to car companies unwilling to bear all the costs of developing vehicles. Some automakers, like General Motors and Ford Motor, have committed to creating their own driverless cars. Both companies recently announced plans to build their first fully autonomous vehicles at factories in Michigan. But Google is intent on offering another option to automakers by creating a ready-made package of self-driving equipment that can be integrated into mainstream vehicles. The chief executive of Waymo, John Krafcik, said Sunday that the company had sharply reduced the cost of producing the radars and other high-tech components needed to achieve fully autonomous driving. “We’ve brought all of our self-driving sensors in-house,” Krafcik said. “It’s all designed and built from the ground up by Waymo, with every part manufactured with one goal in mind: to safely handle the complex task of full autonomy.” By doing so, Waymo is positioning itself as a mega-supplier to the industry, and a turnkey solution to transforming conventional cars into driverless models. In the past, industry analysts were doubtful that automakers would work closely with tech companies, which were perceived as potential competitors in their core business of making and selling new vehicles. “The auto industry has to date expressed a collective wariness to allow players like Alphabet too close to the data generated by today’s car platform,” Adam Jonas, a Morgan Stanley analyst, said in a recent research report. The collaboration between Waymo and Fiat Chrysler has broken new ground and whetted the interest of other automakers. Last month, Honda said it was in talks with Waymo “to integrate its self-driving technology into Honda vehicles.” Other automakers, however, are choosing to keep their self-driving research private. GM, for example, has acquired outside tech companies to bolster its own engineering teams, and it recently announced plans to manufacture self-driving versions of its new all-electric Chevrolet Bolt at a plant in suburban Detroit. Ford is also pressing ahead with efforts to introduce a new fully autonomous vehicle by 2021, and other carmakers are on similar paths, although some of their efforts are focused only on adding driver-assist features that control some of a vehicle’s functions, rather than developing cars that do not require a human to operate. One company that is hedging its bets is Fiat Chrysler, which is smaller and less profitable than rivals GM and Ford. Rather than spend billions on autonomous-driving projects, it opened its doors to Waymo to convert a hybrid-electric Chrysler Pacifica minivan into a self-driving vehicle. “Strategic collaborations such as this one are vital to promoting a culture of innovation, safety and technology,” said Sergio Marchionne, Fiat Chrysler’s CEO. Fiat Chrysler’s result on display at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit is a minivan adorned with swooping plastic scoops that contained sophisticated sensors and radars installed by Waymo. The van does have a steering wheel, primarily because some states, such as California, require one during testing on public roads and highways. But Krafcik said the vehicle was “capable of getting you door to door without a person at the wheel” and represented major improvements in the costs associated with self-driving systems. He said that when Google began working on autonomous vehicles in 2009, a sophisticated sensor system using lasers could cost as much as $75,000 from an outside supplier. By manufacturing the components internally, the company has cut the cost by 90 percent. “This is a big step in making this technology affordable and more accessible to millions of people,” Krafcik said. For its part, Fiat Chrysler modified the electrical systems and other components of 100 minivans built at a Canadian assembly plant, then delivered the vehicles to Waymo to add its proprietary self-driving equipment. The vehicles have already undergone testing at the automaker’s track in Michigan, and Waymo plans to start driving them on public roads in Arizona and California this month. Krafcik did not provide a forecast for when Waymo’s self-driving technology would be available for sale directly to automakers or ride-hailing companies like Uber and Lyft. Instead, he said, the company is “mastering the hardware and software to build a better driver for a truly self-driving car.” Awards for Bolt, Honda Ridgeline DETROIT — The Chevy Bolt has been named top car in North America, an important milestone for a car General Motors hopes will finally get Americans hooked on electric vehicles. The Honda Ridgeline was named top truck. Utility vehicles were honored separately for the first time, with the Pacifica minivan from Fiat Chrysler snagging that award. The honors were announced Monday at the Detroit auto show. The Bolt beat out the Genesis G90 and Volvo S90 for the car award. The electric car from Chevrolet went on sale late last year. It gets more than 200 miles per battery charge, which is more than the average American drives in a day. The Bolt also sells for around $30,000 when a federal tax credit is included. Electric vehicles have failed to catch on with most American consumers, but General Motors hopes the improved range and price help shift opinions. About 60 automotive journalists serve as judges for North American Car, Truck and Utility Vehicle of the Year awards. Eligible vehicles must be new or substantially changed. — Jeff Karoub, The Associated Press Daisuke Wakabayashi contributed reporting from San Francisco. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story China pledges further cuts in excess steel, coal production Previous Story Facebook’s hiring process hinders push to diversify workforce, former recruiters say Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: APPS Google app for Android is getting shortcuts to games, calendar events, and nearby restaurants Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 9, 2017 5:54 PM Tags: Alphabet, Google, Google app, Google Now Above: Google App for Android with shortcuts. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Google today updated the beta version of its Google app for Android with shortcuts to various potentially useful widgets, which are, for the most part, delivered through Google search results within the app. The new features do not appear to be available in the Google app for iOS, or for people whose accounts aren’t enrolled in the Google app beta. The shortcuts appear at the very top of the Google Now home screen, which is available when you tap inside the Google Search box widget or swipe right from the home screen on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. If you’re on version 6.10.35 of the Google app beta, you’ll see a weather shortcut, which shows the location and temperature, alongside an icon representing the weather. It also shows widgets for nearby restaurants, Solitaire, “I’m feeling curious” (which shows a random question and answer), a calculator, nearby ATMs, Tic Tac Toe, a coin flip, My Events (which displays upcoming events listed in your Google Calendar), and nearby coffee shops. This row is updated based on which shortcuts you use. If you tap the View All button at the end of the row of shortcuts, you’re brought to a page with these widgets organized into high-level categories: Nearby, Entertainment, Tools, Fun, Weather, Travel, and My stuff. In addition to My Events, the My Stuff section contains shortcuts like “My emails,” “My flights,” and “My hotels.” Although many of these features are accessible by just searching Google for certain terms, the revamp, with its smorgasbord of tappable options, amounts to a rethinking of the function of Google on mobile and brings the app closer to the Google Assistant that is the hallmark of the Pixel phones and Home smart speaker. The idea is to employ smart software that lets you cut through the internet’s never-ending maze of information and quickly carry out actions or find a single bit of information. If cards in Google Search results marked an early step in the evolution of search, then Google Now was a more direct step. The Google Assistant easily exceeds both of those, as it has Google instantly providing you with what it thinks is the best answer to your question or statement, as opposed to listings digestible in groups of 10 or a series of cards Google suspects are relevant. But the Assistant is currently limited to just a handful of devices. The Google App, by contrast, is far more pervasive; it’s been downloaded on more than 1 billion devices, according to its Google Play Store listing. Last month, Google added an Upcoming tab to the Google App that sits alongside the existing card feed. “We’re always experimenting with the look and feel of Search, but have nothing to announce at this time,” a Google spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: 20% Off Lego Sets On Ebay Plan For The Sequence Of Return Risk To Make Your Retirement Savings Last Beware The Bandwagon Effect When Buying A Car How Small Actions Help You Take Control Of Your Finances Home Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast Not All Non-Dairy Milks Are Worth Making Yourself The Trick To Perfectly Crispy Ground Meat Is To Leave It Alone Entertainment Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win The Dungeons & Dragons Background Music Playlist The Best Controllers For Retro Gaming Travel Language Learning Showdown: Rosetta Stone Vs. Duolingo Use The Fibonacci Sequence To Quickly Convert Between Miles And Kilometres Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Focus on These Four Factors To Make The Most Of A Holiday Health Learn What Breast Cancer Can Look Like With This Cute Image Visit Museums To Boost Your Empathy Focus On One Resolution A Month To Accomplish More Overall A Beginner's Guide To Strap-On Systems Design The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Safely Use Any Bag As A Camera Bag Work Productivity IINA Is Mac-Focused Video Player With Modern Design Wayback Machine For Chrome Finds Archived Copies Of Broken Links Right Click Enhancer Adds A Ton Of Useful Options To Your Context Menu How To Refuse Extra Work Without Annoying Your Boss [Infographic] Communicate How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Don't Be Afraid To Be Average If You Want To Be Memorable Terminology For iPhone Goes Free, Refreshes Its Interface And Adds A Notes Option No NBN In Your Street? Just Set Up A Wireless Bridge Organise How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free This Week's Top Downloads Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts How Sharing Your To-Do List Can Help You Get More Done Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Qantas Is Adding Non-Stop Flights To London Security Your Browser's Autofill Data Can Be Phished, Here's How To Stay Safe Bible Verses Are Easy To Guess, So Don't Use Them As Your Password Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Chrome Has An Option To Export Passwords, Here's How To Enable It Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago The Government's Small Business $20,000 Asset Write-Off Scheme May Be Extended Here's A Five-Minute Exercise Routine For Time-Poor Small Business Owners IT Pro Cloud Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud Dropbox To Remove Public Folders For Pro Users Too IT Career Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Killer Interview Question: Do You Check Your Email When You're On Holidays? How A Good Mentor Can Save You Time Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle IT Security Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? How To Protect Yourself On Public Wi-Fi Networks Stolen Yahoo Accounts Database Sold for Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Developer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Development Timelapse For EVE Online Shows Python As Workhorse Language Deployment Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Adelaide's 10Gbps Broadband Network Is Really Happening Microsoft Has Brought In Privacy Changes To Windows 10 (For The Better) Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date How To Turn Your Dumb Printer Into A Cloud Printer Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? Spandas Lui Jan 10, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories bug secured software Share Image: iStock 2016 was not a good year for Google and Linux software in terms of security vulnerabilities. Here's the list of the top 20 software with the most security flaws in 2016. Security firm CVE Details has released its list of the top 50 software with the most number of distinct vulnerabilities in 2016. Security flaws range from denial of service (DoS) to code execution and privilege escalation. While Mac OSX topped the list in 2015, Android took first place in 2016 with a whopping 523 vulnerabilities. The Debian distribution of Linux saw a steep jump in security flaws and shot up the list to take the second spot. This was followed by Ubuntu Linux, which saw a modest increase in vulnerabilities. Here's a breakdown of the top 20 list: Rank Destination # of vulnerabilities Rank Destination # of vulnerabilities 1 Android (Google) 523 11 Mac OSX (Apple) 215 2 Debian Linux (Debian) 319 12 Reader (Adobe) 204 3 Ubuntu Linux (Ubuntu) 278 13 Chrome (Google) 149 4 Flash Player (Adobe) 266 14 Windows 10 (Microsoft) 172 5 Leap (Novell) 259 15 iPhone OS (Apple) 161 6 OpenSUSE (Novell) 228 16 Windows Server 2012 (Microsoft) 156 7 Acrobat Reader Dc (Adobe) 227 17 Windows 8.1 (Microsoft) 154 8 Adobe DC (Adobe) 227 18 Windows RT 8.1 (Microsoft) 139 9 Acrobat (Adobe) 224 19 Edge (Microsoft) 135 10 Linux Kernel (Linux) 217 20 Windows 7 (Microsoft) 134 You can compare the results with the 2015 list here. It's worth noting the CVE Details list itself doesn't breakdown the severity of the vulnerabilities, it simply aggregates them. The list also doesn't differentiate between different versions of some of the software; for example, vulnerabilities for various versions of Mac OSX are lumped together. The same thing goes for Android. You'll also notice that different versions of Windows OS are listed out separately. We can only assume that's because Microsoft, up until Windows 10, released standalone Windows OS. Look, no vulnerabilities list is perfect but they do provide some insights into security trends that IT professionals need to be aware of. Given the large marketshare Android has in the mobile OS market, it's no surprise that there has been a sharp rise in vulnerabilities for the operating system. What is interesting to highlight is the high number of vulnerabilities found on Linux operating systems. Debian, Ubuntu, OpenSUSE (including Leap) and the Linux kernel itself all made the list. While there may still be some lingering impression that Linux-based operating systems are extremely secure, that's obviously not the case. Sure, there may not be as many people running Linux on their desktops compared to Windows and Mac OS, but the operating system is extremely popular in the server space. Let's not forget that Android itself is also Linux-based. Having said that, it's still easier to secure Linux operating systems compared to, say, Windows; it's just important to remember that Linux isn't infallible when it comes to security. The most notable vulnerability for Linux in 2016 was Dirty Cow. As a bonus, CVE Details has also created a graph that consolidated the 2016 results by vendor: Image: CVE Details You can head over to CVE Details for a detailed breakdown of the different types of vulnerabilities that were reported for each software in 2016. Also on Lifehacker Australian Open 2017: Play Schedule And Opening Matches NBN's New Speed Names Explained Here Is Every Suburb That Will Be Getting The NBN In 2017 Comments barry @barry Jan 10, 2017, 1:43pm Wow...Edge had less than Chrome, that's something I didn't think would happen considering the age of the two. Android number one on the list.....I would like to see where all Mobile Phone OS security sit which each other, including WebOS, Win10 Mobile, Blackberry and any others. Reply 0 bringerofmuffins @bringerofmuffins Jan 10, 2017, 2:19pm Interesting, but I'm having a tough time calling the numbers useful. There are really important confounding factors such as: -Is (say) a problem in html one vulnerability, or a vulnerability in 20 operating systems? -Is a vulnerability which exposes my print queue comparable to one which exposes system root? -If you run a program finding and fixing vulnerabilities, is your system less safe than a company which waits for the hackers to find them? Reply 0 ompster @ompster Jan 11, 2017, 1:04am 1) not exactly sure what you're trying to say? do you mean like if there's a CVE for HTML5.1 ,etc then does it affect all OS's? depends on the browser usually more than the OS. 2) A lot of them are privilege escalation yes so the print que could potentially lead to root access. That said... a lot of the are DOS type vulnerabilities; that's not to say a DOS can't lead to priv escalation. 3)of course the company that takes extra steps to patch vulns is more safe! if it's a targeted attack ie a specific company then it helps but not as much. If they are basically spearfishing like just randomly scanning subnets for unpatched software and vulns ,etc then yes obviously patching will prevent this, sometimes they are just looking for something that's easy and if x target has knwon CVE's then of course you going to go after x company instead of y. But I agree the numbers may be off. Firstly microsoft windows 10 is closed source (mostly) compared to Debian which is mostly open source. what I'm saying is that there are literally millions of people building and debuging debian compared to win 10 and these other companies so of course just by sheer number of people you're going to find more vulns. its like the OSX argument....OSX has hardly any exploits. that's not true it's just the target size is < windows so less work goes into discovering exploits ,etc. on the flip side it means they (linux/open source) get patched quicker so in turn more vulns discovered = safer code ,etc. So take it with a grain of salt. as usual you should still be worried about Adobe (thanks google for disabling flash though...finally) lastly make no mistake there are dozens of zero-day osx and win10 exploits out there. bottom line if some one with resources wants access to your comp they're going to get it. Reply 0 rickinoz @rickinoz Jan 10, 2017, 7:01pm Obviously it's not great news that Android tops the list. But I'd be interested to see this with context. For example, how many require physical possession of the device, how many require existing root, what damage/control do they cause and so on. Given Google sponsor white-hat conferences and pay bounties on exploits, I suppose it's not surprising there are lots. Though the number the average user with an OEM locked device needs to worry about is probably somewhat lower. The big concern, but also no surprise, from this list is Flash Player. It may "only" be at #4, but the three above are all complex OSes. Flash is just one application. Reply 0 burkhard pranke Guest Jan 12, 2017, 1:05am I am not surprised that Debian and other Linux variants are high up the list, since its developers actively search for vulnerabilities. And publish them. And in most cases even fix them. Which is not the case with all proprietary OSs. A list of fixed vulnerabilities would be interesting in this context. Worth to mention would be that fixed issues in Debian are also fixed in its derivatives (like Ubuntu). Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Alan Henry 15 Jan 2017 10:00 AM Maybe you picked up a Raspberry Pi for the holidays, or you've been sitting on one of the super versatile, palm-sized computers for a while now. If you've been wondering how to get started with yours, or what you could build that's worthwhile, here are ten great ideas. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Lifehacker's Static Podcast: The Interviews Lifehacker's Static Podcast: Is It Legal To Carry A Knife? Lifehacker's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 2 Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners 3 Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date 4 How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free 5 Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date Neopets Is Rotting Away Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Sierra 10 Desktop The top 6 Australian brands selling into China via Tmall Packers tight end makes incredible 35-yard catch on his toes to help set up Packers win over the Cowboys 'I just want some water': Uncooperative smart-fridge is going off on Twitter Pauline Hanson has been 'gifted' tickets to Donald Trump's presidential inauguration ceremony © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login China tells app stores to register with the government 12 iPhone reviews in 3 minutes for its 10th anniversary The Public Access Weekly: Switch lanes Latest in Gear China tells app stores to register with the government 3h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 6h ago View Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop 7h ago View 7 A visual history of gadgets that have burst into flames 10h ago View Image credit: REUTERS/Peter Power save Save share Google Voice updates are imminent This could be the app's biggest development since MMS. Andrew Dalton, @dolftown 01.09.17 in Mobile Comments 5181 Shares Share Tweet Share Save REUTERS/Peter Power The useful (and slightly neglected) Google Voice app hasn't seen many changes since the company cleaned up its voice transcriptions and integrated with Hangouts in 2015. Before that, the last major change to the core service was the addition of MMS messages in 2014. However, according to some credible rumors flying around today, a new version or redesign is right around the corner. According to the Verge, some users checking their Google Voice accounts today were greeted with a link at the top of their inboxes telling them that "the new Google Voice is here" and to "TRY NOW." While someone at Google apparently jumped the gun with that link (clicking it actually did nothing), Google did confirm to Engadget that changes were coming very soon for Voice. In a statement, a Google rep wrote, "Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call. We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can." So, while there's no official word yet on what the refreshed Google Voice might include, it's a good bet the changes have something to do with changes to the Hangouts API and maybe tighter integration with Google's other messaging apps Allo and Duo. Also, we'd be remiss if we didn't point out that the desktop site is mired in a dated gmail look and the iOS app hasn't seen an update since some minor bug fixes back in June, so even a visual overhaul would make Voice feel less like an afterthought. We've reached out to Google for additional details and will update when we know more. Via: The Verge In this article: allo, duo, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, google, googlevoice, hangouts, mobile, services 5181 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 31m 31m ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  31m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US A trial run in Germany could influence an election and keep Facebook out of trouble. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Transportation Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was Also, Tesla's Gigafactory is on track to run entirely on solar energy. By Inhabitat,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   FTC Sues D-Link Over Security Flaws in Routers, IP Cameras       FTC Sues D-Link Over Security Flaws in Routers, IP Cameras     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2017-01-09 Print               DAILY VIDEO: FTC claims D-Link routers and IP cameras are leaving consumers at risk; Microsoft introduces Azure cloud-based Connected Vehicle Platform; Google to integrate digital assistant technology with Android TVs; and there is more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Yahoo to Emerge from Verizon Sale Under New Name: 'Altaba DAILY VIDEO: CEO, co-founder to leave Yahoo, now known as Altaba; DHS designates election machines,... Hacker Enters Guilty Plea to Attacks on U.S. Intelligence Officials DAILY VIDEO: Hacker pleads guilty to attacks against U.S intelligence officials; Google spinoff... MongoDB Databases Hit by Multiple Groups of Ransomware Attackers DAILY VIDEO: MongoDB ransomware impacts over 10,000 databases; Labor Department sues Google demanding... Red Hat Improves Hybrid Cloud Management With CloudForms 4.2 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat CloudForms 4.2 Improves Hybrid Cloud Management; Virtual Reality-Enabled Windows... DHS-FBI Report Provides Details on Russian Hacks of U.S. Targets DAILY VIDEO: DHS-FBI report details Russian malicious cyber activity; U.S. prosecutors charge three... Amazon Refuses to Give Police Echo Digital Assistant User Transcripts DAILY VIDEO: Amazon resists warrant for Echo digital assistant user transcripts; South Korea fines... Congressional Study Concludes Strong Encryption Important for Economy DAILY VIDEO: Congressional study backs strong encryption essential for U.S. economy; Container... Security Flaws Detected in Panasonic Airline Entertainment System DAILY VIDEO: Security vulnerabilities found in airline entertainment systems; Akamai acquires... Facebook to Hire 'Head of News' to Help Rein in Phony Articles DAILY VIDEO: Facebook strategy to halt fake news includes a 'Head of News'; Google releases test set... Red Hat Extends OpenStack Cloud Platform 10 Support for Up to 5 Years DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat OpenStack Platform 10 extends cloud support; Google releases National Security... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: FTC Claims D-Link Routers and IP Cameras are Leaving Consumers at Risk Microsoft Introduces Azure Cloud-Based Connected Vehicle Platform Google to Integrate Digital Assistant Technology With Android TVs Ransomware Disables LG Smart TV Highlighting IoT Risks       Today's topics include the FTC's complaint that unsecured D-Link routers and surveillance cameras leave consumers at risk, the introduction of Microsoft's cloud-based connected vehicle platform, Google's plans to integrate its digital assistant technology with Android TVs and the ransomware that infects smart TVs and exposed the security flaws in internet of things devices. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a legal complaint against networking equipment vendor D-Link on Jan. 5, alleging that the company has failed to implement adequate security measures in its products, leaving consumers at risk. D-Link denies the allegations. In a 31-page legal complaint, the FTC outlined multiple alleged failings in D-Link's security. According to the complaint, D-Link, "…failed to take reasonable steps to protect their routers and IP cameras from widely known and reasonably foreseeable risks of unauthorized access..." Among the issues alleged by the FTC complaint are hard-coded user credentials, which are embedded passwords in devices that users cannot easily change, that could enable an attacker unauthorized access. In an email sent to eWEEK, D-Link stated that it denies the allegations outlined in the complaint and is taking steps to defend the action. On Jan. 5, Microsoft unveiled the "Connected Vehicle Platform" during the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The platform allows carmakers to seamlessly integrate the vehicles with digital lives of their customers and deliver a set of 'experiences that are safe, productive and fun,' said Sanjay Ravi, managing director of Microsoft's Worldwide Discrete Manufacturing division, in an introductory video. Those experiences, as with many of the Microsoft's latest innovations, will be powered by the company's Azure Cloud software and services ecosystem. Connected Vehicle Platform encompasses a set of Azure technologies that can work together to enable new intelligent services. For example, not only can the system alert a driver of an issue affecting a car's performance, it can also schedule an appointment with a service center based on the availability of both the driver and the center's automotive technicians using Cortana. Google this week announced plans to bring its voice-activated Google Assistant to Android televisions in coming months in keeping with the company's commitment to integrating the digital assistant technology in virtually all of its products over the next few years. The integration will allow owners of Android powered TVs such as the Sony Bravia, Sharp Aquos and Xiaomi Mi to do things like search for TV shows, browse channels and play content from places like Netflix and YouTube using voice commands. When Google makes Assistant available on set top streaming devices like the Nvidia Shield, owners of Android TVs will be able to do things such as controlling the smart lighting system in their homes via voice commands. Programmer Darren Cauthon learned the hard way that the makers of smart TVs—devices that are connected to the Internet and can run apps—may not be making the smartest decisions when it comes to security. Over the holidays, a member of the programmer’s family downloaded an app for watching free movies to the TV. Minutes later, the television showed a notice claiming to be from the FBI, demanding $500. In all other ways, the device was unresponsive. A screenshot appeared to indicate that the smart TV, an LG model, had been infected by a ransomware. The incident underscores the dangers that malware can pose to Internet connected devices. It took three days for LG to respond to Cauthon's Twitter posts about the incident by providing the manual reset procedure that allowed him to retake control of his TV.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK pew pew lasers — Google’s Waymo invests in LIDAR technology, cuts costs by 90 percent Waymo is developing hardware and software to make the self-driving car a reality. Ron Amadeo - Jan 10, 2017 12:20 am UTC reader comments 72 Share this story One of Google's early self-driving car prototypes. Note the giant roof-mounted LIDAR sensor, the black radar box on the front fender (one of four), and the "wheel encoder" mounted on the back wheel. There were also video cameras inside the cabin. This model had $150,000 worth of extra equipment. KAREN BLEIER/AFP/GettyImages A big component of Google's early prototypes was the LIDAR sensor, a Velodyne HDL-64E, which costs around $75,000. Velodyne Since 2009, Velodyne has worked on cheaper and smaller LIDAR products, too. The "Velodyne LIDAR Puck" (right) is down to $8000. Velodyne In Google's (now Waymo's) custom-built cars, everything is more integrated. The black radar sensors live in the "nose" and side mirrors, the wheel encoder is integrated and invisible, and the Google-designed LIDAR rig is down to a little fez hat. The stumpy shape of the car lets the LIDAR sensor see all around the car without having to be propped up on a riser. Google The Waymo Chrysler Pacifica moves back to retrofitting an existing design, which leads to radar warts on the fenders and grill, and the large size means the LIDAR sensor is back on a riser. Waymo It looks like, due to the large size of the minivan, Waymo and Chrysler had to add some extra sensors to the back of the roof. Waymo Right now self-driving cars are a technical challenge. No amount of sensors and mapping can currently produce a 100 percent reliable self-driving car, but plenty of companies are working on it. When this technology does hit the market, the inevitable question is going to be "how much extra does it cost?" Waymo, the Alphabet self-driving car division that was recently spun off from Google, is working on getting that cost as low as possible. According to a recent article from Bloomberg, the company has spent the last 12 months working on "scalability." The company's efforts have lead to a "90 percent" decrease in the cost of the LIDAR sensor, which is typically the most costly item in a self-driving car solution. On a self-driving car, the LIDAR  sensor is a spinning cylinder that usually sits on the roof. By bouncing a laser off an object and measuring the time of flight, LIDAR can tell how far away something is. Thanks to the spinning, these sensors can "see" in 360 degrees. Most self-driving car solutions use LIDAR as the major sensor, giving the car a "big picture" view of the world so it can see pedestrians and other vehicles. The first public Google Self-Driving Car prototype, built on a Toyota Prius, is a good example of how everything works. The biggest component was the Velodyne HDL-64E LIDAR sensor, which cost a whopping $75,000. The LIDAR sensor needed to be up high to see around the vehicle, so Google mounted it on a large riser. This 360 degree sensing was good for a distance view, but not great at detecting up-close objects, thanks to a dead zone around the LIDAR and obstructions from the car body. To fix this, Google augmented the LIDAR input with several black radar boxes stuck to the front and back of the vehicle. These boxes filled in the blanks for close objects. Google tried roof-mounted GPS sensors, but GPS isn't accurate enough for self-driving. So, for movement tracking, Google used a "wheel encoder:" an exposed wire ran out of the roof, down the side of the vehicle, and connected to a metal stick that was mounted to a spindle on the wheel. The encoder measured wheel revolutions, which was a dead-simple way of measuring lateral movement. In addition to that, there was a video camera mounted in the cabin and a computer for recording, processing, a cloud communication. At the Driverless Car Summit in 2012, Google disclosed that its self-driving cars used $150,000 in extra equipment. Cutting down on costs will be a major factor in getting self-driving cars to the masses. John Krafcik, Waymo's chief executive officer, told Bloomberg "We've made tremendous progress in our software, and we're focused on making our hardware reliable and scalable. This has been one of the biggest areas of focus on our team for the past 12 months." Krafcik also told Bloomberg the new sensor package on the Waymo Chrysler Pacifica is "highly effective in rain, fog, and snow," which have typically been trouble for LIDAR systems thanks to the reflective nature of water in the air. If we do a bit of math and apply Krafcik's "90 percent" reduction claim to the $75,000 LIDAR sensor Google's self-driving car originally used, we end up with a $7500 price tag. While Waymo isn't using Velodyne sensors anymore, Velodyne has been hard at work cutting down on the cost of LIDAR sensors, too. The company's newest sensor, the Velodyne LIDAR Puck, is also down to $8000, and Velodyne is working on even cheaper "solid state" LIDAR solutions that don't offer a 360-degree view. Cutting costs on these LIDAR devices also cuts down on their capabilities, though. So the major question is, how does Waymo's sensor resolution compare to Velodyne's? How the Velodyne LIDAR sees the world. The "64" in "HDL-64E" refers to the number of channels. There are 64 lasers, so you get 64 lines of data. Also note the center deadzone of data—you're going to need more than just LIDAR if you want to see close to the vehicle. Velodyne The $75,000 Velodyne HDL-64E is $75,000 because it uses 64 lasers and 64 photodiodes to scan the world (a laser/photodiode pair is a "channel" in LIDAR parlance). This results in 64 "lines" of data output, which you can see in the image above. The $8000 Velodyne Puck only has 16 channels, so while it is cheaper and less complex, you're also getting a much lower resolution view of the world. Eventually you can cut a LIDAR system down to something cheap enough to fit in sub-$1000 consumer devices like the LIDAR-powered Neato Botvac robotic vacuum, which uses a single-laser system for a 2D view of the world. At what point does the system become too low resolution to be useful for a self-driving car, though? Waymo seems to favor a higher-detail view of the world, with Krafcik saying "The detail we capture is so high that, not only can we detect pedestrians all around us, but we can tell which direction they’re facing. This is incredibly important, as it helps us more accurately predict where someone will walk next." The Bloomberg article doesn't dive into the technical specs of a Waymo's LIDAR sensor. Since Waymo is making its own hardware and software, it can find the right balance between cheap-but-not-too-cheap hardware and pair it with software that can make sense of the data. Listing image by Waymo Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 72 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: A new version of Google Voice might launch soon Newsby John Callaham6 days ago 15 284 11 It’s been a long time since there’s been a major revamp of Google Voice, but that might change sometime soon. Many Google Voice users are currently able to see a banner at the top of their web account asking them to try “the new Google Voice”. See also: “Ok Google” voice commands now supported by Android Auto December 1, 2016 At the moment, clicking on that tempting “TRY NOW” link only results in a refresh of the current page.  In a statement sent to The Verge, the company admitted it is working on some kind of update: Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. In case you are unfamiliar with Google Voice, it first launched in 2009 and gives anyone in the US with a Google account a free phone number, and calls sent from the service to anyone in the US and Canada are also free, with cheap international calls for everyone else. It also supports features like free PC-to-PC calls worldwide, voicemail and more. In 2014, Google started integrating Voice features into its Hangouts service. With Hangouts now transitioning into a service targeting business users, it will be interesting to see how Voice will work as well with these update plans. We’ll be sure to keep you updated if we hear anything on the new Google Voice. News Google Voice Google Voice  The Verge John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago23 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 56 minutes ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 3 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 6 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 6 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 9 GOOG: 806.65 0.50 Google Voice website currently features banner touting ‘new’ version [Update: coming soon] Abner Li - Jan. 9th 2017 3:44 pm PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Voice View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Even without a major update in years, Google Voice continues to be a remarkably important and criticial day-to-day service for some users. As such, a new banner on the site today sparked excitement that a “new” version featuring a long overdue update may finally be coming soon. For most people, heading to the website now reveals a banner touting that the “The new Google Voice is here.” While clicking “TRY NOW” currently just reloads the same old version of the page, the link does feature “redirection” in the URL. In the mean time, such an update to Google Voice after years of neglect would make a ton of sense. At the moment, all of Voice’s features are replicated in Hangouts. Rather than use the old dedicated Voice app or website, most consumers turn to the Hangouts app and respective Gmail integration on the web. However, this increasingly does not make sense in light of Hangouts shifting to an enterprise focus following the launch of Allo and Duo. With an announcement last week that the Google+ Hangouts API is shutting down, the company is clearly moving towards cleaning up and focussing the messaging service. In order to not abandon current Voice users and their phone number, Google would have to release a new app for people to text and make/receive calls. We’ve reached out to Google for clarification on whether the banner on the Voice site is intentional or just an error and will update when we receive word. Update: In a statement, Google has confirmed to us that updates to Voice are indeed in the works, but that today’s banner was released in error: Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don’t worry, this wasn’t a prank call. We’re working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we’ll be sure to share what we’ve been up to just as soon as we can. Guides Google Voice View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: How the iPhone’s reveal 10 years ago today changed Google forever Features Newsby John Callaham6 days ago 51 1687 12 On January 9, 2007, a crowd gathered at the yearly (and now defunct) Macworld conference in San Francisco to hear the latest keynote speech from Apple’s late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs. As it turned out, the speech may have been the biggest one of his life, and the largest announcement in Apple’s history. Jobs first revealed and demoed what had been rumored for months; Apple’s first mobile phone, the iPhone. See also: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Apple iPhone 7 October 5, 2016 From the beginning, people knew that the iPhone would be a huge game changer for Apple, and for the mobile phone industry and for computing in general. The phone itself, which went on sale in June 2007, was an instant hit. The combination of a mobile phone combined with its touchscreen-based iOS operating system made features that were once considered advanced more accessible to the average consumer. The iPhone led to many changes in the mobile phone industry The iPhone led to many changes in the mobile phone industry. It arguably was the beginning of the end for BlackBerry and Nokia in terms of their dominance; both have ended their own in-house production of smartphones in the past decade. Microsoft tried and failed to get a mobile version of Windows to be accepted into the mass market. However, the biggest effect with the launch of the iPhone was definitely on Google. On November 7, 2007, Google, along with a number of other companies like HTC, Motorola and Qualcomm, first revealed the Open Handset Alliance. The announcement was based on using Android, an OS that Google acquired two years earlier in 2005, as the basis for an open-sourced mobile device ecosystem. It was a blatant and direct challenge to Apple’s closed system for the iPhone and iOS. Google wanted to have as many hardware and software companies as possible to create devices and apps for Android. The first Android smartphone, the HTC Dream, went on sale less than a year later in October 2008. See also: Android Flashback – T-Mobile G1 by HTC Unboxing and Initial Setup January 29, 2015 It's clear that the iPhone was a big influence on Google behind the scenesWhile Google may have been developing Android before the launch of the iPhone, it’s clear that Apple’s device was a big influence on the company behind the scenes. The success of the iPhone proved there was a market for a smartphone to consumers, but the advantage of Android was that it could allow smartphone makers to create phones that were priced lower than Apple’s product, while still having many, if not most, of the same features. At the same time, it also allowed hardware makers to innovate and put in features in their phones that were more advanced than the iPhone, including larger displays, which Apple finally decided to offer to iPhone customers just a couple of years ago. Google turned from an internet search company into the single biggest force in the smartphone industryEven though Android faced competition from other smartphone operating systems when it first started in 2008, such as Nokia’ Symbian, BlackBerry’s OS and Microsoft Windows Mobile/Windows Phone, its similarities to the iPhone’s iOS, combined with its open-source platform, began to attract more and more hardware companies and smartphone app creators. The end result is that with the launch of Android, Google turned from an internet search company based on the PD platform into the single biggest force in the smartphone industry. It blew away most of its rivals, and now Apple and its iOS ecosystem are the only real competition it has. Android is currently used by the majority of smartphone owners worldwide, often by a wide margin in many countries. Google has used the boost from Android to enter into other areas as well. It has launched its own branded smartphones under the Nexus and Pixel brands, and it has expanded the Android OS into other devices, including Android Wear, Android TV and Android Auto. It has started entering the virtual reality space with Daydream, and the AR market with Tango, both of which are markets that Apple has yet to fully embrace. It’s just beginning to allow Android apps to run on its Chrome OS and Chromebooks, which again Apple doesn’t seem to be interesting in doing with iOS apps running on its MacBooks. Let’s also not forget that many of Google’s apps and services are also available on iOS as well. Google Maps is likely still the preferred method of navigating on the iPhone, even with Apple’s own Maps app. Gmail, YouTube and the Google search app are also among the most used apps on both the iPhone and iPad. Google may have Android, but the company still knows there are a lot of iOS users that will want direct access to its products. Google may have Android, but the company still knows there are a lot of iOS users that will want direct access to its products That’s not to say that Google doesn’t face challenges in the smartphone space. Most of them are of its own design. The fragmentation of the Android OS is well known, and it would seem like it will be a herculean task to change that. Android is also more open to malware attacks than iOS, thanks in part to its more open platform that allows people to more easily install apps without the need of the Google Play Store. However, for the moment it would appear that Android has a stranglehold on the smartphone industry, and it isn’t going to be letting go anytime soon. While Apple’s iPhone may have launched out of the gate first, 10 years ago today, it didn’t take long for Google and its hardware partners to expand on Apple’s ideas and features and launch an OS that is now the leader worldwide. What are your thoughts and opinions on the iPhone’s introduction 10 years ago? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. Features News Google, Android, iPhone, Steve Jobs, Apple iPhone Android, Apple iPhone, Google, iPhone, Steve Jobs  Apple John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 51 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago23 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 1 hour ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 4 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 6 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 7 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 8 Things T-Mobile CEO John Legere Thinks Will Happen in 2017 The outspoken chief executive makes some bold predictions. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 9, 2017 at 6:18PM Image source: John Legere's social media account. CES 2017 is now winding down, but last week T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) CEO John Legere held a press conference at the annual tech extravaganza. In it, Legere made eight bold predictions of what the telecommunications industry might have in store for 2017, and also subsequently penned a blog post on T-Mobile's site. Let's go through Legere's calls and see what they could mean for investors. 1. No more cable company MVNOs Mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs), which buy wholesale capacity from the major network operators and resell service under a different brand, have always occupied a tenuous place within the mobile value chain. Facing sluggish landline growth, many cable companies have looked toward establishing MVNOs for some exposure to wireless growth. For instance, Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) announced plans late last year that it would launch an MVNO on Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) network in 2017, supplemented by Wi-Fi hotspots. Legere doesn't think these MVNO ambitions will play out well for anyone, and the Un-carrier will not ink any MVNO agreements with cable operators. 2. Google goes big There are a few candidates for tech giants that may look to jump into the wireless sector, but Legere thinks Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google is the most obvious pick. Of course, the search giant launched Project Fi in 2015, which is a sort of hybrid MVNO that uses several networks (including T-Mobile's) in conjunction with Wi-Fi hotspots. Google is experimenting with and pioneering several interesting ideas, such as prorated data fees. Thus far, Project Fi has been limited to a small number of devices, mostly Nexus and Pixel phones, but Google has the groundwork in place if it wants to make a bigger impact. 3. TV goes (more) mobile Over-the-top (OTT) streaming services are proliferating in lockstep with cord-cutting, and Legere sees the shift to mobile accelerating. The chief executive notes that a third of TV watching occurs on devices other than TVs. By the end of 2017, he believes that the majority of TV viewing will be delivered via mobile. Roughly 61% of mobile traffic is video, and this should jump to 77% by 2020, according to CTIA. T-Mobile delivers quite a bit of (downscaled) video for free via its Binge On program, so it only benefits financially from this increased usage if consumers pay extra for high-resolution streams or opt out of Binge On. 4. Say goodbye to DISH DISH Network has been sitting on unused spectrum for years, fueling speculation that it would jump into the wireless world. Legere is calling for "the end of DISH as we know it" this year, saying it will cease to be a stand-alone entity. DISH's TV business has been on the decline, also a victim of cord-cutting, for quite some time. The company lost 116,000 net TV subscribers last quarter, and currently has about 13.6 million subscribers left. 5. Ridiculously fast LTE T-Mobile recently noted that it is already approaching gigabit LTE speeds, thanks to its ongoing investments in spectrum and LTE infrastructure. Other carriers are hoping for gigabit speeds on 5G, but Legere says T-Mobile will be there first using existing technologies. Of course, hitting peak theoretical speeds is quite different than what average consumers experience, and most users won't see gigabit speeds in real-world performance anytime soon. T-Mobile reached 979 Mbps in its labs, using a combination of technologies and an unreleased handset. 6. More people will watch him cook Legere hosts a live-streamed video segment on social media every Sunday under #SlowCookerSunday. Currently, about 500,000 viewers tune in to watch him cook each week, and he predicts he'll have 1 million weekly viewers by the end of 2017. Legere uses his segment as an example of the rise of OTT content, which continues to threaten cable channels. 7. C-suite shakeups This is a pretty bold one, but Legere predicts that three of the four CEOs of the current major wireless operators will be out by year's end. That's an ambitious forecast not only because that's a lot of CEOs losing their jobs, but also because of the ongoing consolidation speculation that T-Mobile isn't exactly downplaying. If T-Mobile ends up merging with Sprint, Legere would immediately score at least one point on this one. 8. Speculating on speculation Pointing to the deterioration in both Verizon's and Comcast's core businesses, Legere says that the two telecom giants will be "forced" to entertain the idea of a blockbuster megamerger that would combine "two of the most hated brands in America." Note that Legere doesn't believe a deal will be officially announced or closed, but rather the pair would have "discussions." Seeing as how discussions of this nature often leak and spur speculation, Legere is essentially speculating on speculation. In fairness, the idea isn't out of the question altogether, given AT&T's recent moves. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 6:18PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Verizon Communications NYSE:VZ $52.55 down $0.13 (-0.25%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $830.94 up $1.41 (0.17%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $57.19 up $0.04 (0.07%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $72.78 up $1.36 (1.90%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $807.88 up $1.52 (0.19%) Read More T-Mobile Announces Holiday Promotions After Years of Being Pursued, T-Mobile Is Crushing It By Going Alone T-Mobile Expects to Have More Phone Customers Than AT&T Within 5 Years Activist Investor Criticizes T-Mobile Over Accounting T-Mobile One Is Off to a Strong Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 8 Things T-Mobile CEO John Legere Thinks Will Happen in 2017 #stocks $VZ, $GOOGL, $TMUS, $CMCSA, $GOOG
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Twice as bright LG V20 review - - - If you order a Pixel XL from Verizon now, you'll get it in late February or early March Post your comment Comments (21) Vlad Bobleanta, 09 January 2017 Google Android Verizon The only thing more annoying than the incredibly small number of countries in which you can purchase a Google Pixel or Pixel XL is how bad the company is at inventory management. This has been true in the past when it oversaw sales of the Nexus line, but perhaps you were hoping things would be different for the Pixels, what with them being only Google-branded and seeing the search giant's big marketing push. Well, no. The Pixel and Pixel XL have been switching from available to sold out status ever since they officially went on sale a few months back, and there's absolutely no sign that things will get better in the near future. Case in point: if you order a Pixel XL from Verizon right now, it will be shipped by February 21, March 3, or even March 10, depending on which particular color and storage combo you pick. Let that sink in for a moment. You might be waiting two whole months for delivery of a phone that isn't on pre-order - it's supposed to be available at this time. The 32GB black Pixel XL is showing as shipping by February 21, the silver model will be sent out by March 3, while the blue one will require waiting until March 10. The same date applies for the 128GB black handset, while the 128GB silver iteration will ship by March 3. Verizon is still the only one of the Big Four US carriers selling the Pixels, remember. We'd call the situation unacceptable but unfortunately it's par for the course when it comes to Google and its ability (or lack thereof) to keep its devices in stock. So perhaps we shouldn't really complain about the phones not being released in more countries after all - just imagine how hard they'd be to come by in that situation. If you want the smaller Pixel from Verizon, you should act fast because the black 32GB model is actually in stock. That's the only one, though. The blue 32GB handset will ship tomorrow, so that's OK too, while the 32GB silver unit is going to be sent out on January 20. Purchasing the 128GB models requires waiting until January 27 (for the black one), or March 10 (for the silver version). Source 1 | Source 2 Related articles The Pixels' Google Assistant is getting keyboard input soon January security update is now being sent out by Google for Pixel and Nexus devices New Verizon Pixel and Pixel XL update brings latest security patches, other changes Android 7.1.1 Nougat factory images and OTA files are now available for Pixel and Nexus devices Reader comments Anonymous qNh7 12 Jan 2017 I can confirm that the Pixel XL is not a mythical creature. I actually found one in a store about a month ago and even got to handle and play with it, but didn't realize at the time how rare they are. They're nice -- about as sleek, stylish and snapp... Reply Anonymous 4Y0C 12 Jan 2017 Was that the original ship date they gave you? I ordered mine around the same time as you and had a ship date of January 6th, which was changed to March 3rd. Reply Anonymous 4Y0C 11 Jan 2017 You are pretty much in the same situation as I am. It's unbelievable. I ordered the silver 128 GB XL. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 21 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Nokia 6 213,438 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 115,249 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 86,339 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 84,338 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 80,825 6. Nokia 8 67,759 7. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 60,697 8. Oppo F1s 57,232 9. vivo V5 57,005 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 56,610 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,843 2. OnePlus 3 1,577 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,538 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,491 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,378 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,365 7. HTC 10 1,333 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,142 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,140 10. LG G5 1,121 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 8 Things T-Mobile CEO John Legere Thinks Will Happen in 2017 The outspoken chief executive makes some bold predictions. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 9, 2017 at 6:18PM Image source: John Legere's social media account. CES 2017 is now winding down, but last week T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) CEO John Legere held a press conference at the annual tech extravaganza. In it, Legere made eight bold predictions of what the telecommunications industry might have in store for 2017, and also subsequently penned a blog post on T-Mobile's site. Let's go through Legere's calls and see what they could mean for investors. 1. No more cable company MVNOs Mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs), which buy wholesale capacity from the major network operators and resell service under a different brand, have always occupied a tenuous place within the mobile value chain. Facing sluggish landline growth, many cable companies have looked toward establishing MVNOs for some exposure to wireless growth. For instance, Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) announced plans late last year that it would launch an MVNO on Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) network in 2017, supplemented by Wi-Fi hotspots. Legere doesn't think these MVNO ambitions will play out well for anyone, and the Un-carrier will not ink any MVNO agreements with cable operators. 2. Google goes big There are a few candidates for tech giants that may look to jump into the wireless sector, but Legere thinks Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google is the most obvious pick. Of course, the search giant launched Project Fi in 2015, which is a sort of hybrid MVNO that uses several networks (including T-Mobile's) in conjunction with Wi-Fi hotspots. Google is experimenting with and pioneering several interesting ideas, such as prorated data fees. Thus far, Project Fi has been limited to a small number of devices, mostly Nexus and Pixel phones, but Google has the groundwork in place if it wants to make a bigger impact. 3. TV goes (more) mobile Over-the-top (OTT) streaming services are proliferating in lockstep with cord-cutting, and Legere sees the shift to mobile accelerating. The chief executive notes that a third of TV watching occurs on devices other than TVs. By the end of 2017, he believes that the majority of TV viewing will be delivered via mobile. Roughly 61% of mobile traffic is video, and this should jump to 77% by 2020, according to CTIA. T-Mobile delivers quite a bit of (downscaled) video for free via its Binge On program, so it only benefits financially from this increased usage if consumers pay extra for high-resolution streams or opt out of Binge On. 4. Say goodbye to DISH DISH Network has been sitting on unused spectrum for years, fueling speculation that it would jump into the wireless world. Legere is calling for "the end of DISH as we know it" this year, saying it will cease to be a stand-alone entity. DISH's TV business has been on the decline, also a victim of cord-cutting, for quite some time. The company lost 116,000 net TV subscribers last quarter, and currently has about 13.6 million subscribers left. 5. Ridiculously fast LTE T-Mobile recently noted that it is already approaching gigabit LTE speeds, thanks to its ongoing investments in spectrum and LTE infrastructure. Other carriers are hoping for gigabit speeds on 5G, but Legere says T-Mobile will be there first using existing technologies. Of course, hitting peak theoretical speeds is quite different than what average consumers experience, and most users won't see gigabit speeds in real-world performance anytime soon. T-Mobile reached 979 Mbps in its labs, using a combination of technologies and an unreleased handset. 6. More people will watch him cook Legere hosts a live-streamed video segment on social media every Sunday under #SlowCookerSunday. Currently, about 500,000 viewers tune in to watch him cook each week, and he predicts he'll have 1 million weekly viewers by the end of 2017. Legere uses his segment as an example of the rise of OTT content, which continues to threaten cable channels. 7. C-suite shakeups This is a pretty bold one, but Legere predicts that three of the four CEOs of the current major wireless operators will be out by year's end. That's an ambitious forecast not only because that's a lot of CEOs losing their jobs, but also because of the ongoing consolidation speculation that T-Mobile isn't exactly downplaying. If T-Mobile ends up merging with Sprint, Legere would immediately score at least one point on this one. 8. Speculating on speculation Pointing to the deterioration in both Verizon's and Comcast's core businesses, Legere says that the two telecom giants will be "forced" to entertain the idea of a blockbuster megamerger that would combine "two of the most hated brands in America." Note that Legere doesn't believe a deal will be officially announced or closed, but rather the pair would have "discussions." Seeing as how discussions of this nature often leak and spur speculation, Legere is essentially speculating on speculation. In fairness, the idea isn't out of the question altogether, given AT&T's recent moves. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares) and Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 6:18PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Verizon Communications NYSE:VZ $52.55 down $0.13 (-0.25%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $830.94 up $1.41 (0.17%) T-Mobile US NASDAQ:TMUS $57.19 up $0.04 (0.07%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $72.78 up $1.36 (1.90%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $807.88 up $1.52 (0.19%) Read More T-Mobile Announces Holiday Promotions After Years of Being Pursued, T-Mobile Is Crushing It By Going Alone T-Mobile Expects to Have More Phone Customers Than AT&T Within 5 Years Activist Investor Criticizes T-Mobile Over Accounting T-Mobile One Is Off to a Strong Start Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 8 Things T-Mobile CEO John Legere Thinks Will Happen in 2017 #stocks $VZ, $GOOGL, $TMUS, $CMCSA, $GOOG
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Apps Tech The Google Voice website is hinting at a big redesign New, 29 comments Please don’t be a bug by Chris Welch Jan 9, 2017, 6:29pm EST share tweet Linkedin It’s been a long, long, long time since Google Voice gained any new features or even received much attention from Google. But it appears that’s about to change. Maybe. Hopefully. Today there’s a banner at the top of the Google Voice website that says “The New Google Voice is here.” There’s a clickable link to “try now,” and that URL points to: https://www.google.com/voice/b/0/redirection/new. Some people are seeing it, and others are not. But as of right now, heading to that site just reloads the existing Google Voice website without any visible changes or updates. When contacted by The Verge, a Google spokesperson offered this statement acknowledging the slip-up: Sorry, it looks like we must have dialed the wrong number! But don't worry, this wasn't a prank call. We're working on some updates to Google Voice right now. We have you on speed dial and we'll be sure to share what we've been up to just as soon as we can. Google previously attempted to merge some of Google Voice’s functionality with Hangouts. I never really went along with that and still use the apps and desktop website — same as always. They’re not looking so great these days. But with Allo now serving as the company’s primary messaging app, well, perhaps Mountain View is ready to help Google Voice stand on its own again as the awesome service it started as. Make it so, Google. Start off 2017 right. Google Voice has more or less been sitting still without any major feature additions for several years running. On mobile, the iOS app was most recently updated last June with “bug fixes.” (On Android, it was May.) The last significant update before that for iPhone was in October 2015 when the app was updated to support the native display resolutions of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. So yeah... not much has been happening. The service still works fine. It just hasn’t done anything new in forever. Google might just be getting ready to introduce Voice to a new generation. More From The Verge The Nintendo Switch will launch on March 3rd for $299 Tony Fadell tells us the story of the iPod-based iPhone prototype What to expect from Nintendo’s Switch event Trump leak raises new questions about Telegram security Mossberg: Streaming TV is beginning to look a lot like cable The ultimate conspiracy: a conspiracy against Reddit’s conspiracy community? Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 7 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 4 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Never miss another Google Doodle game Get alerted the next time Google releases an interactive Doodle. Mobile Apps by Matt Elliott January 9, 2017 2:09 PM PST @themattelliott Up Next I loved playing with the Switch, but Nintendo needs to get its act together Google publishes Doodles to commemorate special birthdays and other important dates. For big holidays and other major events, it launches interactive Doodle games to brighten your day. Who doesn't love an addictive flash game to break up the monotony of another work day? If you don't want to be the last in the office to find out about the newest interactive Google Doodle -- and you use an Android device -- you can get alerted the next time Google springs such fun and frivolity upon us. The Google app for Android can now alert you when interactive entertainment awaits you on Google's homepage. Open the Google app, tap the three-line hamburger button in the upper-left corner and go to Settings > Notifications. You'll see but one option there. Tap to toggle on Doodles to be alerted of "new Doodle games, videos and interactive experiences." This description leads me to believe that you won't be alerted to the presence of static Doodles, so the frequency of Doodle notifications shouldn't be too onerous. Photo by Matt Elliott/CNET (Via Android Police) Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Apps Google Doodle Google Related Stories Google lets imaginations run wild with Toontastic 3D app How to mirror an Android device on your TV Notion's new Alexa email controls sound kind of amazing Best iPhone apps of 2017 Close   Discuss: Never miss another Google Doodle game Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: I loved playing with the Switch, but Nintendo needs to get its act together How to make the perfect cup of coffee Not all coffee makers are created equal. Here's why some can cost up to $600 (£490 or AU$800) -- and how to make expensive-tasting coffee on a budget. by Sharon Profis 4:31 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
News Auctions Cars Classics Commercial Concept Cars Green Motoring Safety Technology Road Tests / Car Reviews Abarth Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Chrysler Citroen Dodge FPV (Ford Performance Vehicles) Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Great Wall HSV (Holden Special Vehicles) Holden Honda Hummer Hybrid Hyundai Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opinion Pieces Other marques Peugeot Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Skoda Smart Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Videos Traffic Cameras Tracks Car Clubs Games Uncategorized Expert Humour Industry Lifestyle Parts and Accessories NQN News Auctions Cars Classics Commercial Concept Cars Green Motoring Safety Technology Road Tests / Car Reviews Abarth Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Chrysler Citroen Dodge FPV (Ford Performance Vehicles) Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Great Wall HSV (Holden Special Vehicles) Holden Honda Hummer Hybrid Hyundai Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opinion Pieces Other marques Peugeot Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Skoda Smart Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Humour NQN Learner Licence Practice Search Menu       News Auctions Cars Classics Commercial Concept Cars Green Motoring Safety Technology Road Tests / Car Reviews Abarth Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Chrysler Citroen Dodge FPV (Ford Performance Vehicles) Ferrari Fiat Ford Foton Great Wall HSV (Holden Special Vehicles) Holden Honda Hummer Hybrid Hyundai Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opinion Pieces Other marques Peugeot Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Skoda Smart Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Humour NQN Autotalk EVTalk Dieseltalk Autotalk AU Wheeltalk > News > Fiat Chrysler and Google join forces to show off tech advances at CES 2017 Fiat Chrysler and Google join forces to show off tech advances at CES 2017 Fiat Chrysler and Google join forces to show off tech advances at CES 2017 No Comments » Posted by Max Pichon on January 10th, 2017 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and Google have shown off the latest technological advances the two companies have been collaborating on at the Consumer Electronics Show 2017 (CES) in Las Vegas. They include the Uconnect 8.4-inch connected vehicle system featuring Android, as well as Google’s latest driverless technology. FCA is in collaboration with Google regarding the next-generation of connected car systems enabled by Android. “This collaboration with Google has been an extremely beneficial opportunity for both companies to explore how in-vehicle infotainment and connectivity technology continues to evolve, and what it takes to meet consumers’ increasing desire for innovation of information with minimal distraction,” says Chris Barman, head of electrical engineering at FCA. “With Android, we are able to maintain our unique and intuitive Uconnect user interface, all while integrating our easy-to-use systems with Android’s features and ecosystem of applications.” CES attendees got one-on-one demonstrations of the Uconnect system, which includes core infotainment features such as radio and comfort controls. The software will integrate with Google Assistant, Google Maps and popular Android apps like Pandora, Spotify, NPR One and Pocket Casts. Google’s Waymo unveils self driving system Additionally, Google has unveiled its latest self-driving system in a Chrysler Pacifica minivan, saying the technology is more reliable and affordable. The announcement came from John Krafcik, head of Google’s Waymo unit, whose search for partners to develop and install the company’s autonomous driving technology into real cars has so far yielded only an alliance with FCA and a pending deal with Honda. Krafcik says Waymo’s latest set of self-driving hardware and software incorporates a new array of sensors, including an enhanced vision system, improved radar and laser-based lidar, all developed and built in-house. So far Waymo has reduced the cost of a single lidar unit by 90%, to about US$7500. Among major outside suppliers of this technology, Velodyne Lidar and Quanergy Systems both have said they are developing smaller solid-state lidar units that eventually would cost $200 or less. Waymo’s existing test fleet of self-driving cars, including some specially equipped Lexus RX450s and Google’s own “Firefly” prototypes, has accumulated 4.02 million kms in less than eight years, mostly on city streets. Waymo plans to test the first self-driving Pacificas this month on public roads in California and Arizona. There was no confirmation on when the system would be ready to install in production vehicles. News « Nissan and Volkswagen sell fewer Utes in 2016 | BMW, Intel, and Mobileye to release driverless cars in 2017 » Let us know what you think Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. Leave us a comment Comments (0) Leave a comment No comments yet. You must be logged in to post a comment. Road Tests Abarth (1), Alfa Romeo (1), Aston Martin (1), Audi (21), BMW (27), Chrysler (3), Citroen (7), Dodge (6), FPV (Ford Performance Vehicles) (10), Ferrari (1), Fiat (5), Ford (41), Foton (1), Great Wall (1), HSV (Holden Special Vehicles) (6), Holden (57), Honda (29), Hummer (1), Hyundai (28), Isuzu (2), Jaguar (4), Jeep (12), Kia (32), Land Rover (8), Lexus (16), Maserati (2), Mazda (29), Mercedes-Benz (27), Mini (9), Mitsubishi (27), Nissan (31), Opinion Pieces (10), Other marques (6), Peugeot (23), Porsche (4), Renault (10), Rolls-Royce (1), Saab (2), Skoda (18), Smart (1), Ssangyong (1), Subaru (24), Suzuki (28), Toyota (54), Volkswagen (26), Volvo (14) Silver Sponsors Follow @carandsuv Car and SUV Subscribe by RSS Wheeltalk Team Richard Edwards Managing editor Vern Whitehead Publisher Darren Cottingham Motoring writer Robert Barry Chief reporter Ian Ferguson Advertising Consultant Deborah Baxter Operations Manager Latest News from Dieseltalk Economy approaching a variable speed zone: ANZ Truckometer January 11, 2017 European turnaround helps Mainfreight reach record share price January 11, 2017 UDC sold to Chinese giant January 11, 2017 New diesel F-150 will pick up US sales says Forum January 10, 2017 Construction, Trades and transport driving job vacancies January 10, 2017 Latest News from Autotalk View RSS feed Road Tests Abarth (1), Alfa Romeo (1), Aston Martin (1), Audi (21), BMW (27), Chrysler (3), Citroen (7), Dodge (6), FPV (Ford Performance Vehicles) (10), Ferrari (1), Fiat (5), Ford (41), Foton (1), Great Wall (1), HSV (Holden Special Vehicles) (6), Holden (57), Honda (29), Hummer (1), Hyundai (28), Isuzu (2), Jaguar (4), Jeep (12), Kia (32), Land Rover (8), Lexus (16), Maserati (2), Mazda (29), Mercedes-Benz (27), Mini (9), Mitsubishi (27), Nissan (31), Opinion Pieces (10), Other marques (6), Peugeot (23), Porsche (4), Renault (10), Rolls-Royce (1), Saab (2), Skoda (18), Smart (1), Ssangyong (1), Subaru (24), Suzuki (28), Toyota (54), Volkswagen (26), Volvo (14) Latest News from Autotalk Latest News from Dieseltalk Economy approaching a variable speed zone: ANZ Truckometer January 11, 2017 European turnaround helps Mainfreight reach record share price January 11, 2017 UDC sold to Chinese giant January 11, 2017 New diesel F-150 will pick up US sales says Forum January 10, 2017 Construction, Trades and transport driving job vacancies January 10, 2017 Wheeltalk Content Licensing About Us Contact Us Privacy and Terms Subscribe Copyright © 2017 Auto Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Tweet Read previous post: Nissan and Volkswagen sell fewer Utes in 2016 It was a mostly stellar year for all the 4x4 and 4x2 pickups in the top 15 light commercial table...Close
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google prematurely asks users to try the ‘the new Google Voice’ before it’s live +18,824 Chris Chavez Jan 9th, 2017 Ever since Google went all-in on Hangouts, Google Voice has sort of been stuck in this weird state of limbo. It’s relied on too heavily by many users (those like me who have chosen to use the service as their primary phone number), but it’s obvious Google hasn’t been giving the service the attention it so desperately needs. It seems Google is finally getting ready to take Google Voice off the back burner and cook up something good for users with something they’re calling “the new Google Voice.” So what is it? That part’s not immediately clear. Users visiting their Google Voice inbox are being greeted by a banner at the top that says to “The new Google Voice is here,” followed by a big “TRY NOW” link. Unfortunately, the link — https://www.google.com/voice/b/0/redirection/new — doesn’t actually do anything, just refreshes the user’s inbox to the same crusty old version of Google Voice we’ve been using for years now. Go figure. It’s obvious Google got a little ahead of themselves here, publishing the banner before the service has been made officially official. But if we were betting men, we’d put money on Google announcing something new for Google Voice any day now. The big question is whether Google is only planning for a new site redesign, or if this could also mean we’ll be seeing a completely overhauled app as well. *fingers crossed* local_offer    Google Voice   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (13) stars Further Reading Google Voice having trouble sending messages to other GV numbers Google Voice for Android app updated after a year Google Voice's voicemail transcriptions suck 49% less Google Voice user survey looks for feedback Google Voice MMS issue stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertLatest OxygenOS update comes to the OnePlus 3T closeOnePlus pushes the latest OxygenOS Nougat update to the OnePlus 3 and 3T After users were discovered to be unable to download apps from the Play Store, OnePlus released a bug fix update for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. 2 more_vertGalaxy S8 to have IP68 rating closeSamsung Galaxy S8 is expected to feature IP68 water resistance The Samsung Galaxy S8 is rumored to have IP68 water resistance. Are you surprised? 3 more_vertGoogle wants users to try "the new Google Voice" closeGoogle prematurely asks users to try the ‘the new Google Voice’ before it’s live Voice users logging into their inbox, are being greeted by a mysterious banner at the top of the site asking them to try “the new Google Voice.” Is Google Voice about to make a comeback? 4 more_vertFacebook suffers battery issues again closeFacebook draining your battery again? There’s a really quick solution this time Yet another issue is causing battery drain in Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Thankfully, there’s one simple thing you can do to solve your problems. 5 more_vertHands-on: Samsung Chromebook Pro closeHands-on: The Samsung Chromebook Pro is built to compete with the iPad Pro [VIDEO] Where this Chromebook really shines is the display and stylus. The display can be rotated 360-degrees, which allows you to take advantage of the touchscreen in tablet mode. A laptop with a touchscreen isn’t exactly unique these days, but Samsung has also included a stylus. 6 more_vertHTC U Ultra vs Competition closeHTC U Ultra vs LG V20 vs Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus [CHART] If HTC wants to play the phablet game they have to compete with the other phablets on the market. We’ve compiled a few of the top big phones on the market for comparison. 7 more_vertSamsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less closeSamsung’s newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Samsung Display’s new video showcases just how thin bezels can be with its new AMOLED panels. Is this the display that will appear in the Galaxy S8? 8 more_vertNokia 6 doesn't run CyanogenMod closeNo, the Nokia 6 is not running CyanogenMod 14 If you happen to hear that the Nokia 6 will be running CyanogenMod this week, remember what you read here: it most likely won’t. 9 more_vertLG G6 to have 18:9 5.7-inch QHD display closeLG announces new 18:9 QHD LCD panel for the LG G6 The unveiling of the LG G6 is still more than a month away, but it looks like LG isn’t interested in waiting until Mobile World Congress to share important details about its 2017 flagship smartphone. After revealing that the LG G6 would not be a modular device, LG has now announced the new “QHD+” display … 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 case renders closeRenders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 seem to confirm the removal of the home button The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the topic of much discussion lately. A lot of rumors are flying around. New renders seem to confirm some of the rumors we’ve heard. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Exclusives 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) All Exclusives CleanTechnica Events CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) CleanTechnica Videos Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Autonomous Vehicles Published on January 9th, 2017 | by James Ayre 0 Waymo (Google) Shaved 90% Off LIDAR Sensor Cost By Producing In-House ($75,000 To $7,500) January 9th, 2017 by James Ayre  Waymo, previously the self-driving tech arm of Google X but now independent, will begin testing its new self-driving Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans on public roads by the end of the month. The announcement — which was made at the North American International Auto Show — means that the very polished vehicles will be observable in Mountain View, California, and Phoenix, Arizona … if any readers are inclined to get a closer look. These are the same cities where the company has previously spent a lot of time testing its rather-less-polished and modified self-driving Lexus SUVs. At the North American International Auto Show, Waymo also gave those there a closer look at the self-driving Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans — the first time that the company has shown them in public. The Verge provides more: “But here’s the thing about these minivans. Waymo says that for the first time, its producing all the technology that enables its cars to completely drive themselves in-house. That means for the first time, the Google spin-off is building all its own cameras, sensors, and mapping technology, rather than purchasing parts off the shelf as it had done in the past.” Continuing: “This allows the company to exert more control over its self-driving hardware, as well as bring the cost down to ridiculously cheap levels. In a speech in Detroit, Waymo CEO John Krafcik said that by building its own LIDAR sensors, for example, the company was shaving 90% off its costs. That means sensors that Google purchased for $75,000 back in 2009 now only cost $7,500 for Waymo to build itself.” That is a pretty impressive drop in costs, and goes to show how underdeveloped the self-driving tech industry was just a few years ago, and how wrong those who thought autonomous vehicles would remain cost-prohibitive for the foreseeable future were. Here’s a bit more from The Verge: “But by building its own (or contracting out the manufacturing), Waymo is able to get LIDAR sensors to its exact specifications. For instance, Krafcik said the company developed two new types of LIDAR: short range and long range, allowing its vehicles to see people and objects very close to the car, as well as spot tiny objects far away.” As a reminder, the company now seems to be focused entirely on providing self-driving tech (like that discussed above) to partner auto manufacturers (Chrysler, Honda, etc.) rather than developing its own car, as was previously reported. There are some rumors out there currently that Waymo and Chrysler are planning to jointly launch an on-demand, self-driving taxi service to compete with companies like Uber and Lyft at some point in the “near” future as well. During his recent speech Krafcik seems to have further confirmed this by stating the the company was exploring a number of options, including: on-demand taxi services, last-mile solutions, personal transportation, and logistics. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Chrysler, Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid, FCA, Waymo About the Author James Ayre 's background is predominantly in geopolitics and history, but he has an obsessive interest in pretty much everything. After an early life spent in the Imperial Free City of Dortmund, James followed the river Ruhr to Cofbuokheim, where he attended the University of Astnide. And where he also briefly considered entering the coal mining business. He currently writes for a living, on a broad variety of subjects, ranging from science, to politics, to military history, to renewable energy. You can follow his work on Google+. Related Posts 2016 Laid Huge Cleantech Foundations — In 2017, We’ll Start Seeing The Beautiful Results → Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid Has 31% Lower Environmental Impact Than Conventional Model → 2017 CleanTechnica Car of the Year Award — and the winner is… → The 24 Plug-In Hybrid Electric Cars For Sale In The USA, Canada, & Europe → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 68 ... Followers Follow ▲ 331 ... Fans Like ▲ 11 ... Subscribers Subscribe ▲ 4 ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica The Totally Insane Carbon Bubble 790 Gigawatts of Cost-Cutting Renewable Energy Potential in South East Europe EV Charging Survey — This One Will Make A Difference! Wall Or No Wall, Here Comes US Energy Integration With Mexico A Guy Walks Into A Chevy Dealer… US Taxpayers Shelled Out WHAT!?! For Fancy Govt. Energy Upgrades Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts & Mugs! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. Follow @cleantechnica The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content (Press Enter). Toggle navigation U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE U.S. DOD Search Search Search Home Secretary Carter Secretary Carter's Page Biography Portrait Speeches Transcripts Photos Videos Travel Today in DoD About DoD Leaders Biographies Office of the Secretary of Defense Insignias Officers Enlisted DoD 101 Top Issues Targeted Operations Against ISIL Terrorists Force of the Future Science and Technology FY 2017 Budget Proposal Asia-Pacific Rebalance Operation Atlantic Resolve News Press Advisories News Releases News Articles Publications Transcripts Speeches Casualty Status (PDF) Contracts Special Reports Badges and Passes RSS Other News Sources Media Lead Photo Gallery Photo Essays Week in Photos Videos DVIDS DoD Live Blog Trademarks Military Service Seals Imagery Archive DoD Flickr Secretary of Defense Flickr Deputy Secretary of Defense Flickr Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Flickr Military Services Joint Chiefs of Staff U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps U.S. Navy U.S. Air Force National Guard U.S. Coast Guard Unified Combatant Commands A-Z List Resources Popular DoD Resources Contact DoD Available Jobs Within DoD Website Feedback Developer Info Apps Gallery DoD Information Quality Guidelines Principles of Information Register A Site HomeNewsArticle Advisory Board Approves 11 DoD Innovation Recommendations By Lisa Ferdinando DoD News, Defense Media Activity PRINT  |  E-MAIL  |  CONTACT AUTHOR WASHINGTON, Jan. 9, 2017 — Top innovators, scholars and business leaders gathered at the Pentagon today for the second meeting of the Defense Innovation Advisory Board and approved 11 recommendations aimed at keeping the Defense Department on the cutting edge in technology, culture, operations and processes. Eric Schmidt, center, executive chairman of Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, and chair of the Defense Innovation Advisory Board, speaks to reporters at the Pentagon following the board's second meeting, Jan. 9. 2017. In the meeting, board members approved 11 recommendations aimed at enhancing the Defense Department in technology, culture, operations and processes. DoD photo by Lisa Ferdinando Innovation Board Eric Schmidt, center, executive chairman of Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, and chair of the Defense Innovation Advisory Board, speaks to reporters at the Pentagon following the board's second meeting, Jan. 9. 2017. In the meeting, board members approved 11 recommendations aimed at enhancing the Defense Department in technology, culture, operations and processes. DoD photo by Lisa Ferdinando Download Image Image details page The 15-member board is chaired by Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google. "I think I can speak for the entire board to say that we are really happy to be able to serve the country in the way that we have," Schmidt said at the start of today's public meeting. "Everybody here is a volunteer. We've had a wonderful time." Board members are continually impressed by the focus, courage and discipline of the service members they meet around the globe, Schmidt said. "It's important when you sit here in Washington to remember there's a much larger space of people who are out basically fighting the good fight in an impressive way," he added. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Schmidt said he believes the board will continue its work under the incoming administration and that it will be "business as usual" with the new secretary of defense. "We are a discretionary board -- the way it's structured is we continue at the discretion of the secretary," he explained. "We have every reason to believe that it will continue." Approval of Recommendations The board held its inaugural meeting in October. In today's 90-minute session, the board discussed and approved 11 recommendations and discussed a new one. The attendees included Marne Levine, chief operating officer of Instagram; retired Navy Adm. William McRaven, a former commander of U.S. Special Operations Command who now is chancellor of the University of Texas System; and astrophysicist and author Neil deGrasse Tyson. Other members at today's meeting were Adam Grant, professor, Wharton School of Business; Eric Lander, president and founding director, Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard; J. Michael McQuade, senior vice president for science and technology, United Technologies; Milo Medin, vice president, Access Services, Google Capital; Jennifer Pahlka, founder, Code for America; and Cass Sunstein, professor, Harvard Law School. Defense Secretary Ash Carter established the board last year for a two-year renewable term. The panel is authorized to have up to 20 members. The board also includes Jeff Bezos, president, chairman and CEO, Amazon Inc.; Danny Hillis, computer theorist and co-founder, Applied Inventions; Reid Hoffman, co-founder, LinkedIn, and partner, Greylock Partners; Walter Isaacson, president and CEO, Aspen Institute; and Richard Murray, professor, California Institute of Technology. Recommendations for the Department Members today approved recommendations to: -- Appoint a chief innovation officer and build innovation capacity in the workforce; -- Embed computer science as a core competency of the department through recruiting and training; -- Embrace a culture of experimentation; -- Assess cybersecurity vulnerabilities of advanced weapons; -- Catalyze innovations in artificial intelligence and machine learning; -- Expand use of available acquisition waivers and exemptions; -- Increase investment in new approaches to innovation; -- Improve DoD access to code; -- Establish software development teams at each major command; -- Make computing and bandwidth abundant; -- Reward bureaucracy busting; and -- Lower barriers to innovation. The members also discussed a new recommendation to establish a global and secure repository for data collection, sharing and analysis, but did not vote on that idea. Implementing Recommendations The board's executive director, Joshua Marcuse, pointed out that Carter announced in October he had formally accepted board recommendations to create a DoD chief innovation officer, embed computer science as a core competency, and create a DoD center for artificial intelligence and machine learning. Today's vote finalizes the recommendations and will include any updated language, Marcuse said. The secretary's staff has begun a process of how to best to implement those three ideas, he added. The Defense Innovation Advisory Board operates under the Federal Advisory Committee Act and the Government in Sunshine Act.  (Follow Lisa Ferdinando on Twitter: @FerdinandoDoD) Related Biographies Ash Carter Related Links Special Report: Force of the Future Related Factsheets Recommendations for the Meeting on Jan. 9, 2017 carter Force of Future SecDef News News Articles Casualty Releases Press Advisories News Transcripts Publications Speeches Contracts Testimony Messages Special Reports Secretary of Defense Biography Speeches Testimony Photos Deputy Secretary of Defense Biography Speeches Photos Photos/Videos Photo Essays Week in Photos DoD Video News Other Pentagon Press Badges Press/Media Queries Military Commissions Other News Sources Recent News Articles 01/11/2017 Face of Defense: Midshipman Awarded Navy and Marine Corps Medal for Heroism 01/11/2017 Counter-ISIL Strikes Continue in Syria, Iraq 01/10/2017 Carter: DoD Remains Ready During Transition 01/10/2017 Army Engineers, Coast Guard Partner to Chart U.S. Water Navigation’s Future 01/10/2017 Face of Defense: Soldier Comforts Families of Fallen 01/10/2017 Coalition Targets ISIL Terrorists in Syria, Iraq 01/09/2017 Dunford Hosts Armed Forces Farewell Tribute to Carter 01/09/2017 Advisory Board Approves 11 DoD Innovation Recommendations 01/09/2017 Counter-ISIL Forces Moving to Liberate Mosul, Raqqa 01/09/2017 Face of Defense: Army NCO Balances Duty, Writing Career Quick Links Quick Links DoD Sites Contact Us DVIDS Available Jobs within DoD Privacy and Security Links Disclaimer Inspector General Recovery Act DoD Section 508 Join the Military Web Policy No FEAR Act Resources FOIA Site Map Plain Writing Act Limitations of Visual Information MILITARY SERVICES UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMANDS Stay Connected
null
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Reviews Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 15, 2017 05:23:26 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Reviews | Next Article in Reviews LINUX PICKS AND PANS Min Browser Muffles the Web's Noise Print Email By Jack M. Germain • LinuxInsider • ECT News Network Jan 9, 2017 2:31 PM PT You dont need an army of developers to create segmented & personalized email campaigns. Klaviyo's advanced features  like automation, AB testing, auto reminders, abandoned cart flows, analytics & more - are designed to drive results. Sign up Free. Min is a Web browser with a minimal design that provides speedy operation with simple features. When it comes to software design, "minimal" does not mean low functionality or undeveloped potential. If you like minimal distraction tools for your text editor and note-taking applications, that same comfort appeal is evident in the Min browser. I mostly use Google Chrome, Chromium and Firefox on my desktops and laptop computers. I am well invested in their add-on functionality, so I can access all the specialty services that get me through my long sessions in researching and working online. However, I sometimes prefer a fast, uncluttered alternative on-ramp to the Internet. With multiple projects in progress, I can amass a wide collection of open tabs or even separate windows of the powerhouse browsers in no time. I have tried other browser options with little success. The alternatives usually have their own sets of distracting add-ons and features that tend to pull me into more off-task behavior. The Min browser does not do that. It is a GitHub-sourced Web browser that is easy to use, and it keeps the typical interruptions from distracting me. The Min browser is minimal-design Web browser that provides speedy operation with simple features. Just don't expect to take its tour any time soon. What It Does The Min browser comes in versions for Debian Linux variants, Windows and Mac machines. It can not compete with the functionality available in the mainstream cross-platform Web browsers. It does not have to compete, though. Its claim to fame very well might be supplementing rather than replacing them. One big reason for this is its built-in ad blocking capability. Out of the box, the Min browser needs no configuration or hunting for compatible third-party apps to do end-runs around ads. In Edit/Preferences, you have three options to click/unclick for content blocking. It's easy to modify blocking tactics to suit your preferences. The Block Trackers and Ads option uses EasyList and EasyPrivacy. If nothing else, keep this option checked. You also can block scripts and block images. Doing both maximizes the website loading speeds and really ramps up your protection against rogue code attacks. Have Search Your Way If you spend considerable time doing online research, you will adore the way Min handles searching. It is a top-notch feature. Search functionality is accessible right in the browser's URL bar. Min utilizes search engine DuckDuckGo and Wikipedia entries. You can enter search queries directly into the Web address field. This approach saves time since you do not have to go to the search engine window first. A nice bonus is the ability to search your bookmarks. In the Edit/Preferences menu, choose your choice for default search engine. The list includes DuckDuckGo, Google, Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Wikipedia and Yandex. Try making DuckDuckGo your default search engine. Min is built around that option but does not impose it on you. Min browser's search functionality is part of the URL bar. Min utilizes search engine DuckDuckGo and Wikipedia entries. You can enter search queries directly into the Web address window. The search bar displays answers to your questions very rapidly. It uses information from DuckDuckGo including Wikipedia entries, a calculator and more. It offers quick snippets, answers and Web suggestions. It sort of substitutes for not being in a Google-based environment. Navigating Aids Min lets you jump to any site quickly with fuzzy search. It throws suggestions at you almost immediately. I like the way the tabs open next to the current tab. You do not have to set this preference. It is there by default with no other choice, but it makes sense. One of Min's really cool operations is the ability to organize tabs into Tasks that you can search anytime. (click image to enlarge) Tabs you have not clicked on for a while dim. This lets you concentrate on your current task without distractions. Min does not need an add-on tool to keep numerous tabs under control. The browser displays a list of tags and lets you split them into groups. Stay Focused Min has an optional Focus Mode hidden in the View menu. When enabled, it hides all tabs except the one you have opened. You must return to the menu to turn off Focus Mode before you can open new tabs. The Tasks feature also helps you stay focused. You can create tasks from the File menu or with Control+Shift+N. If you want to open a new tab, you can select that option in the Files menu or use Control+T. Call the new task whatever fits your style. I like being able to organize and display as a group all the tabs associated with a work project or a specific portion of my research. I can recall the entire list at any time to easily and quickly find where I was in my browsing adventure. Another neat feature is found under the paragraph alignment icon in the tab area. Click it to enable Reading Mode. This mode saves the article for future reference and strips away everything on the page so you can focus on the task of reading. Not Perfect The Min browser is not a perfect alternative to high-powered, feature-bloated alternatives. It does have a few glaring weaknesses that developers have taken too long to rectify. For instance, It lacks a solid developer website stocked with support forums and detailed user guides. That may be partly due to its home being GitHub rather than an independent developer website. Still, it's a weakness that is glaring to new users. Without website support, users are forced to struggle with lists of readme files and hard-to-follow directories on GitHub. You can access them from the Min browser Help menu -- but that's not much help. A case in point is the Welcome to Min splash screen that loads from the menu when you launch the browser. It displays two buttons. One says "Start Browsing." The other says "Take a Tour." Neither one works. However, you can start browsing by clicking on the menu bar at the top of the Min window. There is no workaround for the missing tour, though. Bottom Line Min is not a full-featured Web browser with bells and whistles galore. It is not designed for add-ons and many other features you typically use in well-established Web browsers. However, Min serves an important niche purpose by offering speed and distraction-free browsing. The more I use the Min browser, the more productive it is for me -- but be wary when you first start to use it. Min is not complicated or confusing -- it is just quirky. You have to play around with it to discover how it works. Want to Suggest a Review? Is there a Linux software application or distro you'd like to suggest for review? Something you love or would like to get to know? Please email your ideas to me, and I'll consider them for a future Linux Picks and Pans column. And use the Reader Comments feature below to provide your input! Jack M. Germain has been writing about computer technology since the early days of the Apple II and the PC. He still has his original IBM PC-Jr and a few other legacy DOS and Windows boxes. He left shareware programs behind for the open source world of the Linux desktop. He runs several versions of Windows and Linux OSes and often cannot decide whether to grab his tablet, netbook or Android smartphone instead of using his desktop or laptop gear. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Jack M. Germain Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories HandyLinux Is a Great Toolbox for Linux Newbies Jul 9, 2016 Opera Browser Sips Laptop Juice Rather Than Slurping May 13, 2016 Vivaldi Browser Is a Breath of Fresh Air May 9, 2016 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Linux Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Reviews Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Jack M. Germain Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Docker, Canonical Team on Enterprise Support Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts If I had a self-driving car, I would most likely use my travel time to... Work Nap Read Watch movies or TV Play video games Connect with friends Nervously watch the road Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Amazon Growth Spurt to Create 100K New Jobs Apple May Show Up Fashionably Late at the Original TV Party The Crystallization of Salesforce's IoT Strategy Instagram Stories to Feature Video Ads Yahoo Makes Plans Amid Doubts Over Verizon Deal Atlassian Scoops Up Trello for $425 Million Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much CRM Buyer Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 1 Oracle's Cloud Strategy: A Fine Balance Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want New CEO to Guide FinancialForce's Ambitious Growth Plans Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Devs Alerted to Long-Delayed Android Wear 2.0 Reboot Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Nintendo Banks on Switch Hit New Facebook Project Aims to Strengthen Journalism Gadget Ogling: The CES Spectacular Edition St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm iPhone at 10: The Best Is Yet to Come? CES 2017's Magic Las Vegas Captures Ransomware Crown Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Microsoft, Qualcomm Tuck Windows 10 Into ARM Devices Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers Computing Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Gooligan Ransacks More Than 1M Android Accounts Docker, Canonical Team on Enterprise Support Data Management Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Social Media Analytics, Meet Big Brother Emerging Tech Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Hardware Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Internet of Things Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Service in the IoT Era How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Microsoft Trumpets Stellar Surface Sales Science Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Gates Spearheads $1B Clean Tech Effort MIT's Nightmare Machine Churns Out AI-Generated Horror Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes 2016: The Year That Was Samsung May Unleash a Beast Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Content TCA17: Season Two of ‘Long Lost Family’ Gets Premiere Date on TLC By Jessika Walsten Jan 14, 2017 Content TCA17: TNT Renews ‘Good Behavior’ By R. Thomas Umstead Jan 14, 2017 Content TCA 17: TBS Greenlights ‘The Cops’ Animated Series By R. Thomas Umstead Jan 14, 2017 Content TCA17: TNT Signs Dakota Fanning To Star In ‘The Alienist’ By R. Thomas Umstead Jan 14, 2017 TCA 17: TruTV Greenlights Amy Sedaris Series By R. Thomas Umstead Jan 14, 2017 Tegna, Cox Reach Retrans Deal By Mike Farrell Jan 14, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community Picture This What Investigation Discovery Wants You to Know About ‘Is OJ Innocent? The Missing Evidence’  By R. Thomas Umstead The Bauminator Apple Ramping Up Plan for Original TV Shows, Movies: Report By Jeff Baumgartner The Bauminator The Mouse Meets Android TV By Jeff Baumgartner MCN Guest Blog Quality Is Key in Crowded OTT Ecosystem By Kurt Michel, IneoQuest It's Still Game On for Live TV Sports By R. Thomas Umstead The Future of Unlicensed Spectrum By Jessica Rosenworcel Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Technology Leadership Summit Mar 07, 2017 Wonder Women Mar 23, 2017 Advanced Advertising Summit Mar 27, 2017 Technology Leadership Awards Apr 18, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Jan. 9, 2017 Jan 09, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 2, 2017 Jan 03, 2017 The Diversity Discussion Dec 12, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Dec. 12, 2016 Dec 12, 2016 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Transactions Arris Bidding for Brocade’s Networking Unit: Report By Jeff Baumgartner Jan 13, 2017 Content Mashable, Nat Geo Wild Do a Digital Deal  By Jeff Baumgartner Jan 13, 2017 Next TV Shaw: Almost 200K Boxes Already Compatible With New X1-Based TV Service By Jeff Baumgartner Jan 13, 2017 OTT PlayStation Vue Tacks on More Local CBS Feeds By Jeff Baumgartner Jan 12, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News1 Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Jan 09 2017 Next TV Roku: We’ll Keep Haier’s Roku TVs Updated Haier shifting to Chromecast-powered smart TV platform 1/09/2017 4:28 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Haier started to sell Roku-powered TVs in 2015 Roku said that it will continue to support and provide software updates to Haier connected TVs that integrate its streaming platform amid a report that Haier is moving in another direction, with Google.     Twice reported that Haier is dropping Roku’s platform to instead move forward with one that builds in Google’s Google Cast technology (recently rebranded as “Chromecast built-in”), which is used in the Chromecast streaming adapter, in boxes for Google Fiber’s TV service, as well as from other TV makers, including Vizio, Sharp, Sony, Toshiba, and Philips.   RELATED: Vizio’s 4K-Capable ‘P-Series’ TVs Add Google Cast   According to Twice, Haier plans to launch a line of Chromecast-based (with screen sizes ranging from 43 inches to 75 inches) in Q2.  “With Google, we can better leverage Haier’s global footprint and develop platforms which we can use in different countries,” James Liess, Haier America’s director of marketing and communications, said, according to Twice.   Roku issued this statement regarding Haier’s decision:   “The market continues to evolve and so do company’s priorities. Haier is focused on its international footprint whereas we are focused on North America right now so they chose to use another solution. Haier Roku TVs will continue to be available in the near-term. We will continue to support Haier Roku TVs and they will continue to get SW updates for the foreseeable future.”   Haier started to sell Roku-powered TVs in 2015.   Despite the loss of Haier, Roku said its TV integration business remains strong. Last week, it announced Element Electronics as a Roku TV partner, and said Roku TVs now account for 13% of all U.S. smart TV sales.   Roku’s other TV partners include Hitachi America, Sharp, Insignia (Best Buy’s in-house brand), and Hisense.  Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Roku    Chromecast built-in    Chromecast    Haier    smart TVs    OTT    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: TF1, Mediaset invest in Studio71 Comcast Promotes Ed Brassel to Executive Vice President of Enterprise Business Intelligence for Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal Comcast Business Provides Enterprise Customers with Private Ethernet Connectivity to the Microsoft Cloud Video Clarity Announces ClearView Player IP Macnica Completes Integration of Networked Media Interface Media Transport VITEC Acquires Stake In Anevia's Share Capital Harmonic Appoints Tom Lookabaugh to Board of Directors BUNIM/MURRAY PRODUCTIONS AND CANADA’S INSIGHT PRODUCTIONS ANNOUNCE JOINT DEVELOPMENT DEAL Firefly Cinema Announces New Version of its Digital Dailies and Color Grading Workflow Suite – FirePlay, FireDay, and FirePost Turner Ignite Deepens Investment in Social Distribution of Branded Content Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → PlayStation Vue Tacks on More Local CBS Feeds Sling Media Halts Slingbox Manufacturing: Report PlayStation Vue Offers Big 4 Broadcast TV Feeds in All O&O Markets AirTV Appears Off to Hot Start What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Related Stories Mashable, Nat Geo Wild Do a Digital Deal  Jeff Baumgartner - 1/13/2017 12:12:00 PM America/New_York Nat Geo Wild and Mashable have inked a deal to co-product PlayStation Vue Tacks on More Local CBS Feeds Jeff Baumgartner - 1/12/2017 07:15:00 PM America/New_York   Expanding on its deals with CBS affiliates Amazon Channels Launches Anime-Focused SVOD Service Jeff Baumgartner - 1/12/2017 10:33:00 AM America/New_York Amazon Channels, the OTT-SVOD service from Amazon, Subscribe Now Events See All Events → March Technology Leadership Summit Mar 07, 2017 Crown Plaza Charlotte,&nbspCharlotte,&nbspNC Wonder Women Mar 23, 2017 New York Hilton Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Jan. 9, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 2, 2017 The Diversity Discussion Freeze Frame -- Dec. 12, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Dec. 5, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 14, 2016 Freeze Frame -- Nov. 7, 2016 FREEZE FRAME -- OCT. 31, 2016 See All → Exclusive: Trump Team Embraces FCC Remake Blueprint TCA: PBS’ Kerger on Trump’s Impact on Public Broadcasting: ‘It’s Too Early to Tell’ TCA: PBS Kids Goes Live 24/7 TCA: IFC to End ‘Portlandia’ After Eight Seasons TCA: AMC Sets James Cameron Docuseries and John Le Carré Project Cumulus Station Off the Air in Georgia AVT Joins Ravenna Community How Well Is the FM Switch-Off Going So Far in Nordland? NAB's Ornelas on the Likelihood of U.S. FM Shutdown Occam’s Razor: A Handy Guide to Troubleshooting What 'Manifesto' Can Teach You About Powerful Filmmaking Watch the Weeknd's Latest Neon-Infused Music Video ARRI Alexa and GoPros Capture Interactive Footage of National Parks How 'Sherlock' Brilliantly Visualizes Thought Nature Documentaries Use Latest Tech to Bring Us Closer to the Natural World FCC's Wheeler Makes Impassioned Plea for Title II Broadcasters Seek $10 Billion for 84 MHZ UHD Alliance Coming to the Small Screen AVT Joins Ravenna Community U.S. Gains 144 LPTVs in 2016 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Please disable your Ad Blocker in your browser's extentions. X Toggle navigation News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews SEARCH Subscribe Newsletters Advertise News Equipment Business Products Blogs Tech CCJ Top 250 Reviews Blog Waitin’ for a Superman Blog How much do you really know about your drivers’ daily challenges? Blog Uncertainty, predictions for 2017 center on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue big data SADA Systems creates transportation software, Atom, with Google Cloud Aaron Huff | @AaronHuffCCJ | January 9, 2017 0 Comments SADA Systems, a large technology consulting firm and cloud-based software developer, has launched a new transportation asset management platform: Atom. The company says Atom leverages Google Maps and location services technology as well as the Google Cloud platform and machine learning services. Combined, these platform technologies help fleet supervisors and dispatchers make smart, real-time decisions on things like scheduling, routing, and asset viability. Patrick Skoglund, the Geo Lead at SADA Systems, describes Atom as a “very large, configurable application” with desktop, tablet and mobile components. Atom is easy to implement, he said, since it is compatible with fleets’ existing hardware and software. Fleets can also upload their databases into Atom, in any format, for work orders, inventory, customer locations, equipment specifications, routing restrictions and more. The machine learning services of Google Cloud mean Atom is “constantly learning” from information it receives. The platform is able to optimally route vehicles and work orders, he said, and to aggregate data on assets and resources with analytics and reporting tools. The platform includes a mobile app that drivers use to receive work orders with turn-by-turn navigation. In addition to being used commercial and private fleets, Atom is configurable for city and state transportation departments that are charged with overseeing and maintaining regional assets from vehicles to bridges, signs and walkways. Some of the primary components of the Atom application are: Inventory – An Inventory portal allows users to view items associated with their inventories with customizable lists and filtering. Its tools also help rank critical groups of inventory against the scheduling and deployment of workers for creation, inspection or maintenance of assets. Maps – A Maps portal has layers that can be controlled with a click or a tap to the screen for easy management of inventory and teams. Time management features native to Google Maps help with time management and show the impact of weather and traffic on field activities. Work Order – A Work Order portal creates transparency through the lifecycle of a project by managing work orders and tasks assigned to individuals or teams. Analytics – An Analytics portal makes it possible to view data across multiple platforms in a single display with metric-driven tools and visualizations. Schedule – A Schedule portal offers optimization for route management decisions to reduce idle time of people, equipment and vehicles. Teams – The Teams portal of Atom displays filtered information regarding employees, including their associated activities, teams, divisions, status and other background information. 0 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest Aaron Huff Aaron Huff is the Senior Editor of Commercial Carrier Journal. Huff’s career in the transportation industry began at a family-owned trucking company and expanded to CCJ, where for the past 14 years he has specialized in covering business and technology for online and print readers and speaking at industry events. A recipient of numerous regional and national awards, Huff holds a Bachelor’s Degree from Brigham Young University and a Masters Degree from the University of Alabama. Follow me: @AaronHuffCCJ Most Popular CCJ MarketPulse: Fleets optimistic about 2017 Survey: Shippers expect freight volumes to climb in 2017 Little mention of trucking industry in Chao’s confirmation hearing; infrastructure, transpo tech steal the show DOT: Coming growth of population, freight volume creates major challenges for transportation industry Video: Preventable or not — Trucker backs into incoming car ATA names 20 truck drivers to serve as trucking ambassadors on 2017-2018 America’s Road Team Newsletter Signup Enter your email address* Must Clicks Former trucking executive sentenced to nearly 6 years in prison for fraud, tax evasion Little mention of trucking industry in Chao’s confirmation hearing; infrastructure, transpo tech steal the show Survey: Shippers expect freight volumes to climb in 2017 Video: Preventable or not — Trucker backs into incoming car Symposiums Innovators Five Flashiest Fleets CCJ Top 250 CCU The Air Brake Book Subscribe to Magazine Newsletters Advertise About Us Digital Magazine White Papers Partner Solutions CCJ Commercial Carrier Journal - Fleet Management Magazine CCJ Magazine covers fleet management topics ranging from technology, freight, logistics, equipment, and more. © CCJ 2017 Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th News· SEO· Mobile Search January 9, 2017 Mobile Search News SEO Matt SouthernJanuary 9, 2017 SEJ STAFF 2.3KSHARES 24.0KREADS 2.3KSHARES 24.0KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 2.3KSHARES 24.0KREADS Google announced back in August 2016 that it will begin to devalue web pages in mobile search with intrusive interstitials as of January 10, 2017. Going forward, Google recommends using interstitials on mobile pages that only take up a “reasonable” amount of screen space. Here is an example of what Google considers to be “intrusive”: Google gave site owners plenty of time to prepare for the update, but in case you have not yet done so, I have rounded up 10 pieces of expert advice that will ensure your web pages are not affected by this penalty. How to Avoid Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty Advice from Google The first piece of advice comes from none other than Google itself. Here’s how Google defines the penalty: “To improve the mobile search experience, after January 10, 2017, pages where content is not easily accessible to a user on the transition from the mobile search results may not rank as highly.” Takeaway: Content on the pages you have indexed in mobile search must be readily available when a user clicks through to the page from Google. Be Honest With Yourself: Do Your Pop-Ups Serve a Purpose? Ben Silverman from Brafton Marketing shares this advice: “The easiest way to avoid the mobile interstitial and pop-up penalty is to think like Google, whose main objective is to make the internet more accessible, browsable, intuitive and honest, especially for mobile browsers. This means there are some exceptions to Google’s pop-up policy: If yours serves a real, honest purpose, chances are you’ll be okay.” Takeaway: Some pop-ups are still acceptable if they are either required by law, such as age verification, or if they don’t detract from the main content on the page, such as a small banner at the top. Hiding Content With Ads is Now Against Google Guidelines The Verge shares this advice: “For the most part, Google is targeting overlays that gray out the content beneath them to prevent you from reading a website, either for a few seconds or until you find and very carefully tap a little X to dismiss them.” Takeaway: Publishers may not be happy about this, but ads that are displayed over top of the main content are no longer acceptable. This includes ads that appear when you land on a page, as well as ads that appear as you scroll down a page. There should be no barrier preventing a user from reading content on the page at any time. Ad Publishers Need to Adapt and Look Into New Strategies HubSpot’s Senior Product Marketing Manager, Marcus Andrews, shares this advice: “…if they haven’t done so already, marketers solve for mobile SEO first. The pain that comes with changing a revenue model is inevitable, but shorter-term – and businesses that rely on advertiser dollars, should figure out ways to make money that don’t totally disrupt the mobile user experience.” Takeaway: Removing revenue-generating interstitials might hurt at first, but losing organic search traffic could hurt even more. Therefore, site owners must adapt and look for non-intrusive ways to generate revenue. Develop a Content Marketing Strategy for Generating Revenue Sitepoint shares this advice: “The consistent creation and distribution of relevant content attracts users without beating them with a hard-sell stick. Use content—including blog posts, round-ups, guides, videos, infographics, and more—to educate audiences and guide them through the buying process.” Takeaway: Since the goal of Google’s interstitials penalty is to make content more accessible, use that to your advantage. Develop a content marketing strategy to sell users on your products and services, rather than intrusive pop-up ads. Mobile-Friendly Label is Being Removed for All Sites, But Being Mobile-Friendly Still Matters Syed Balkhi of OptinMonster shares this advice: “The first part of the announcement that a lot of journalists skipped over is that the “mobile-friendly” label that Google is currently displaying in search results will be removed for everyone on January 10, 2017… Since over 85% of all pages in mobile search results now meet the criteria, they will be removing the label for everyone.” Takeaway: Google will no longer consider pages with intrusive interstitials as being mobile-friendly, but don’t panic once you don’t see the “mobile-friendly” label next to your content in search results. The label is being removed for everyone, although being mobile friendly is still as important as it has ever been. Intrusive Interstitials Not Allowed on Mobile, But Desktop is Still OK Icegram shares this advice: “Use display targeting rules in your popup / interstitial program, and show them only on desktop / larger screens. Don’t use popups and interstitials on mobile. Instead use smaller messages like banners, inlines or slide ins.” Takeaway: You don’t have to remove intrusive pop-up ads and interstitials altogether, you only need to remove them on mobile pages. They can still be displayed on desktop browsers without incurring any kind of penalty. Check Your WordPress Plugins Sarah Gooding of WP Tavern shares this advice: “WordPress users who use plugins to display pop up messages, whether it’s for coupons, membership offers, promotions, or another form of advertising, will want to carefully review Google’s size guidelines or consider a different approach for reaching visitors.” Takeaway: If you use WordPress plugins to display interstitials, staying in compliance with Google’s new guidelines may be as simple as adjusting sizes using the plugin settings. Remember, keep them small and non-obtrusive. Content should be the main focus of the page. Interstitials Triggered by Exit Intent Are Still Allowed Google’s John Mueller shared this advice when asked if the penalty would apply to pages with an interstitial triggered on exit intent: “At the moment those wouldn’t count. What we’re looking for is really interstitials that show up on the interaction between the search click and going through the page and seeing the content. So that’s kind of the the place we’re looking for those interstitials. What you do afterwards, like if someone clicks on stuff within your website or closes the tab or something like that then that’s kind of between you and the user.” Takeaway: Interstitials triggered by exit intent are perfectly fine. Google is only targeting interstitials that appear when a user lands on a page. Page-to-Page Interstitials Will Not Be Penalized Google’s John Mueller again shared his advice when asked if the penalty only applies to pages that users land on from Google’s search results: @schachin @methode yes — John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) January 4, 2017 Takeaway: Google is not looking to penalize all pages with interstitials, only the ones which searchers can land on from search results. It’s still OK to display an interstitial when a user navigates from one of your pages to another. Conclusion Google is always looking for new ways to improve the search experience. The intent behind devaluing pages with intrusive interstitials is to help users find the content they need without being bombarded by pop-ups. There’s no doubt this will require a period of adjustment for site owners who have been displaying interstitials up until this point, but in the end it could lead to more time on site, more pageviews per visit, and a lower bounce rate. There are both positive and negative aspects to this update — site owners just have to keep rolling with Google’s proverbial punches. For more information, I recommend listening to SEJ’s recent Marketing Nerds podcast where SEJ Executive Editor Kelsey Jones sits down with Simon Schnieders and Edward Kreiman from Blue Array to talk about the upcoming mobile interstitials penalty in detail. Related Posts Google’s Interstitials Penalty to Affect AdSense Page-level Ads? Google: Consider Removing App Download Interstitials From Your Mobile Site Google to Devalue Web Pages With App Download Interstitials As of Today What Is the Google Mobile Interstitial Penalty? [PODCAST] ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Book an Uber Ride Directly in Google Maps on iOS and Android - January 12, 2017 WordPress 4.7.1 Security Release Available, Immediate Update Recommended - January 12, 2017 Google Recommends No Longer Using the Link: Operator - January 12, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 23.9K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.1K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 9.8K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 8.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 6.8K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: 20% Off Lego Sets On Ebay Plan For The Sequence Of Return Risk To Make Your Retirement Savings Last Beware The Bandwagon Effect When Buying A Car How Small Actions Help You Take Control Of Your Finances Home Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast Not All Non-Dairy Milks Are Worth Making Yourself The Trick To Perfectly Crispy Ground Meat Is To Leave It Alone Entertainment Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win The Dungeons & Dragons Background Music Playlist The Best Controllers For Retro Gaming Travel Language Learning Showdown: Rosetta Stone Vs. Duolingo Use The Fibonacci Sequence To Quickly Convert Between Miles And Kilometres Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Focus on These Four Factors To Make The Most Of A Holiday Health Learn What Breast Cancer Can Look Like With This Cute Image Visit Museums To Boost Your Empathy Focus On One Resolution A Month To Accomplish More Overall A Beginner's Guide To Strap-On Systems Design The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Safely Use Any Bag As A Camera Bag Work Productivity IINA Is Mac-Focused Video Player With Modern Design Wayback Machine For Chrome Finds Archived Copies Of Broken Links Right Click Enhancer Adds A Ton Of Useful Options To Your Context Menu How To Refuse Extra Work Without Annoying Your Boss [Infographic] Communicate How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Don't Be Afraid To Be Average If You Want To Be Memorable Terminology For iPhone Goes Free, Refreshes Its Interface And Adds A Notes Option No NBN In Your Street? Just Set Up A Wireless Bridge Organise How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free This Week's Top Downloads Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts How Sharing Your To-Do List Can Help You Get More Done Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Qantas Is Adding Non-Stop Flights To London Security Your Browser's Autofill Data Can Be Phished, Here's How To Stay Safe Bible Verses Are Easy To Guess, So Don't Use Them As Your Password Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Chrome Has An Option To Export Passwords, Here's How To Enable It Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago The Government's Small Business $20,000 Asset Write-Off Scheme May Be Extended Here's A Five-Minute Exercise Routine For Time-Poor Small Business Owners IT Pro Cloud Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud Dropbox To Remove Public Folders For Pro Users Too IT Career Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Killer Interview Question: Do You Check Your Email When You're On Holidays? How A Good Mentor Can Save You Time Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle IT Security Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? How To Protect Yourself On Public Wi-Fi Networks Stolen Yahoo Accounts Database Sold for Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Developer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Development Timelapse For EVE Online Shows Python As Workhorse Language Deployment Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Adelaide's 10Gbps Broadband Network Is Really Happening Microsoft Has Brought In Privacy Changes To Windows 10 (For The Better) Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date How To Turn Your Dumb Printer Into A Cloud Printer Get A Notification Whenever Google Adds A New Doodle Game Eric Ravenscraft Jan 10, 2017, 9:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android games google google doodle notifications Share Android: Google makes some amazing doodles, but every so often they go beyond a drawing. Some doodles include games or an informative piece about the person or holiday they're celebrating. Now, Google can give you a notification whenever there's a cool new one. The notifications are mercifully opt-in, so you don't have to ruin your productivity the next time Google wants to celebrate PAC-MAN. However, if you're interested in them, you can enable notifications by following these steps: Open the Google app or swipe to the Google Feed portion of your home screen. Slide out the left-hand navigation panel. Tap Settings. Tap Notifications. Enable the Doodles toggle. After this, you'll get a notification from the Google app whenever there's a new interactive doodle. Presumably this won't bother you when the doodle is just a piece of artwork over the Google logo, but you'll be notified of anything special. Google now allows users to opt into receiving notifications when a new Doodle is posted [Android Police] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Alan Henry 15 Jan 2017 10:00 AM Maybe you picked up a Raspberry Pi for the holidays, or you've been sitting on one of the super versatile, palm-sized computers for a while now. If you've been wondering how to get started with yours, or what you could build that's worthwhile, here are ten great ideas. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Trending Articles 1 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 2 Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners 3 Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date 4 How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free 5 Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date Neopets Is Rotting Away Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Sierra 10 Desktop The top 6 Australian brands selling into China via Tmall Packers tight end makes incredible 35-yard catch on his toes to help set up Packers win over the Cowboys 'I just want some water': Uncooperative smart-fridge is going off on Twitter Pauline Hanson has been 'gifted' tickets to Donald Trump's presidential inauguration ceremony © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google’s Tango augmented reality platform goes to the museums Google’s Tango augmented reality platform goes to the museums Home » Google » Google’s Tango augmented reality platform goes to the museums Posted By Ola Ric on Jan 9, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: http://news.softpedia.com/news/google-brings-tango-augmented-reality-technology-to-museums-511668.shtml Beginning with the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA), Google is taking its augmented reality platform called Tango to museums from Monday. Google’s Tango platform is an augmented reality that technology that uses computer vision to make mobile devices location-aware. The augmented reality from the tech giant does not rely on external systems, such as GPS, Wi-Fi, or sensors. “With Tango’s location and augmented reality (AR) capabilities, you’ll soon be able to experience museums around the world in a whole new way—starting with the Detroit Institute of Arts. In partnership with GuidiGO, the Detroit Institute of Arts has built Lumin, a mobile tour that uses Tango capabilities to add AR interactivity and information to further enrich your visit,” says Justin Quimby, Senior Product Manager, Tango in a blog post on Monday. Visitors to the Detroit Institute of Arts will be able to harness the rich potentials of the augmented reality of Google Tango. Though, there aren’t many devices in the market that support Tango, visitors will however, be able to borrow a Lenovo Phab 2 Pro [one of few devices that support Tango] from the museum’s front desk. This will enable them explore exhibits including ancient Egyptian mummies by simply using an AR overlay to earn an X-ray view of within the sarcophagi. Credit: https://blog.google/products/google-vr/explore-museums-new-way-tango/ “Museums can be great teachers. From art and science to culture and natural history, they educate and inspire us. Still, display signs and audio guides can only convey so much. What if you could explore museums in a different way?” You may have read much about the famous Egyptian mummies, but Tango is given you a rear opportunity to experience it when you visit museums. With the app’s overlay, you can peer beneath the sarcophagus and even the mummies’ bandages to explore an X-ray-like view of the skeleton. Credit: https://blog.google/products/google-vr/explore-museums-new-way-tango/ Also available is the Ishtar Gate-ancient Babylonia; and Tango will enable you to visualize the gate at scale and see where the Detroit Institute of Art’s 3×4-foot mosaic piece fits into this architectural wonder. This will be made possible through the app’s motion tracking technology. Cylinder Seal; once used to make impressions on clay for items like jewelry and signatures for administrative purposes. Google Tango will enable you to roll the seals in AR to see the written characters and figurative scenes that they create instead of just seeing the seals in a case. Google has promised to bring Tango to more museums; and the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA) is just the first of many. Let’s know if you have been able to experience Google Tango in Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA), and share your experience with us through the comment section. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Tools & Resources Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor : Recent From Social Media News WhatsApp Denies Backdoor Claim Jan 14, 2017 Facebook sued by Syrian migrant over fake news Jan 14, 2017 YouTube Super Chat – Helping Creators Make Money Jan 13, 2017 Facebook adds a cool new way to go Live from a desktop Jan 12, 2017 Facebook Journalism Project Aims To Promote News Literacy Jan 11, 2017 Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
