tech e blog contact advertise shopping forums by: Staff posted: Displays, Gadgets, Google, Technology View Comments Tweet 0 10/26/2016 Google Jamboard is a Massive 55-inch 4K Touchscreen Display, Perfect for Presentations and Games Priced from $6000, the Google Jamboard is essentially a massive 55-inch, 4K resolution, multi-touch display. It's designed to work seamlessly with Google's G-suite cloud-based software, but this collaboration tool would be perfect for games. The display itself can be controlled via hand-gestures or with the included battery-free styluses and digital eraser, mounted neatly on its wheeled base for easy transportation. You'll also be able to connect to Jamboard from anywhere in the world using any compatible Android or iOS device and collaborate in real time. Click here to view the first image in this week's funny demotivational posters gallery. Continue reading for a viral video of drones replacing a light bulb. Submit to: Del.icio.us Digg Slashdot This entry was posted on 10/26 1:30pm and is filed under Displays, Gadgets, Google, Technology . You can leave a response. Other Related Posts Google Pixel Smartphone Unveiled, Supports New DayDream VR Headset Boston Dynamics Atlas Humanoid Robot Goes for Walk in the Woods, Looks Like Something from a Sci-Fi Movie Google's Boston Dynamics Unveils SpotMini, a Creepy 4-Legged Robotic Creature What Kind of Haircut Goes Well with a Beard and 10 Other Funny Google Searches New Photos of Google's Project Ara Modular Smartphone Showcases Different Components Interesting Posts Around the Web Loading... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. subscribe rss 2.0 hot posts Strange Alien-Like Mummy Discovered in Egypt 5 Fascinating Unsolved Bermuda Triangle Mysteries Strange Ancient Pyramids Discovered in Antarctica Top 5 Worst Fight Scenes Ever Bizarre "Bagel Head" Injections Become Latest Beauty Trend in Japan 5 Funny and Weird iPhone 5 Videos Old Pump House Transformed Into High-Tech Modern Home Mind-Blowing Look at Ladera, a Stunning Open-Wall Resort in St. Lucia Dumpsters Converted Into Functional Swimming Pools Curiosity Rover Discovers Ancient Riverbed On Mars Why Captain America Shouldn't Text Message Iron Man 5 Strange Technologies That Might Have Been Covered Up recommended Yeni Betboo Kayit adresi (Bahis Turkce) Gold Box Zergnet our friends Hacked Gadgets Kindle Fire MobilitySite OhGizmo! Search Tech E Blog  search Search Our Archives – Please Select A Category – 1-Series Concept 2008 Audi S5 2008 BMW M3 2008 BMW M3 Sedan 2008 Dodge Challenger 2008 Honda Accord 2008 Infiniti EX35 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution 3D Display 3D Printing 7500 Prism A Look Back Ace Combat Acer Active Life Athletic World Adobe Systems Advanced Video System Air Force Air Force Collaboratory Airbus A380 Alarm Clock Aliens Alienware Altoids Amazon Kindle American Inventor Animals Animation Anime Announcements Apple Apple Store Apps AquaDom Arcade Architechture Archos 605 Ariel Atom 3 Arkanoid DS ArmorAll Army of Two Articles Ascari A10 ASIMO Assassins Creed Aston Martin ASUS ASUS Eee AT&T Atari ATT Tilt Audi R8 Audi RS6 Avant Audi TT Auto Auto Assault-12 Avatar Aviation Babes Ben Heck Beowulf Bill Gates Bing Bing It On Bionic Commando BioShock Blacksite Area 51 Bladestorm Blu-ray Bluetooth BMW BMW 135i Coupe BMW M3 BMW M6 Boeing 747 Simulator BOSE Suspension BRAVIA Breaking News Budokai Tenkaichi 3 Bugatti Veyron Building Painting Buildings Burnout Paradise Cadillac Call of Duty 4 Camcorder Camera Tips Case Mod Casio Exilim Cats Cell Phones CES 2008 CES 2009 CES 2010 CES 2011 CES 2012 CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CG China Clothing Collaboratory Commercial Computers Conan Concept Conquer Graymail Contests Contra Contra 4 Cooking Mama 2 Corvette C6RS Corvette ZR1 Cosplay Cowon Cowon A3 Creative Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII Crysis Crytek Daily Buzz Daily Roundup Dash Express Deals Dell Dell XPS One A2010 Design Desktops Devil May Cry 4 Dice Stacking Digital Camcorder Digital Cameras Displays Dodge Viper SRT-10 Dogs Drones DS Camera DS Lite DS TV Tuner Duke Nukem Forever Dynasty Warriors Gundam DynaTAC E3 E3 2015 eBay Eee PC Emulator EVO X F-22 FaceBook FAIL Far Cry 2 Fatal1ty FEAR Files Feature Ferrari Ferrari 599 GTB Ferrari F430 Scuderia Ferrari FXX Evoluzione Fifth Gear First Look FlatOut Ultimate Carnage Flying Car Folklore Food Ford GT40 Forza Motorsport 2 Free Energy Frontlines Fuel of War Funny Furniture Futurama Gadgets GalaxyS665 Game Art Game Boy GameStop Gametrailers Gateway One Gears of War Gears of War 2 Gears of War PC Geek Get a Mac GMail Google Google Android Google Earth Google gPhone Google Phone gPhone GPS Gran Turismo 5 Grand Theft Auto 4 Guitar Hero Guitar Hero 3 Gundam Hack Half Life 2 Half Life 2 Portal Halo Halo 3 Halo DS Halo Wars Hard Drive Hardware Headphones Heavenly Sword Hello Kitty Home Home Theater Honda Honda 124 Honda Accord Honda Accord Coupe HF-S Honda Civic Hybrid Honda Civic Type R Honda CR-Z Honda FCX Hotmail How its Made How to HP HP Blackbird HP iPAQ HTC HTC Kaiser HTC Touch HTC Touch Dual Slide HTC Touch Slide Hulk i-REAL i-SOBOT iD Software iMac Impreza WRX STi Infographics Initial D Intel Interactive Internet Interview Invicta iPad iPad Touch iPhone iPhone Accessory iPhone Clone iPhone Hack iPhone Nano iPhone Ringtone iPhone Shuffle iPod iPod Classic iPod Dock iPod Interface iPod Nano iPod Shuffle iPod Touch Iron Man iShoes Jam Sessions Japanese Japanese Gadget Java Josh Duhamel Juiced 2 K850i Keyboard Keyport Kitchen Konami Lamborghini Lamborghini LP640 Lamborghini Reventon Lancer Evolution X Laptops Laser TV Latitude XT LED TV LED Wheels LEGO LEGO Indiana Jones Lenovo Lenovo X300 Lexus Lexus IS-F LG LG KS20 LG KU990 LG Muziq lg nitro lg nitro hd LG Optimus G Pro lg phone LG Rumor LG Shine LG Touch LG U990 LG Venus LG Voyager Line Rider Linux Lotus Hot Wheels Luxury Mac Mini Mac OS X Leopard MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro MacBook Touch Mario Mario Kart Wii Mass Effect Math Maybach Maybach 62 Mazda Meizu M8 Mentos Coke Messenger Kit Metal Gear Solid 4 Metal Gear Solid Mobile Metroid Microsoft Microsoft Hotmail Microsoft Surface Microsoft Windows Microsoft Zune MicrosoftOutlook.com Military Mitsubishi Mitsubishi Lancer EVO X Mitsubishi Lancer Ralliart Mobile Internet Device Model Modern Marvels Mods Motorcycle Motorola Motorola Marco Motorola RAZR2 Movies Mozilla MP3 Players MP4 MS Paint Music N81 Naruto NASA Need for Speed ProStreet NES NES PC Netbook New Stuff Ninja Gaiden 2 Ninja Gaiden DS Nintendo Nintendo DS Nintendo DS 2 Nintendo Wii NISMO NISMO 350Z Nissan Nissan GTR Nissan PIVO nitro lg No More Heroes Nokia Nokia 6500 Slide Nokia iPhone Nokia N81 Nokia N810 Nokia N82 Nokia N96 Notebook Nuclear Rifle NVIDIA Ocean Dome Office Technology OLED Optimus G Pro Optimus Keyboard Optimus Maximus Osborne 1 Outlook.com Pac-Man Pagani Zonda F Palm Centro Palm Z Panasonic Patent PC PDAs Philips Photography Photoshop Picdump Pico Projector Picobot Picture Pinball Ping Pong Table Pixar Pizza Plane PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PlayStation Eye PMP PMX-M70 Poll Pong Pontiac G8 Porsche Porsche 911 GT1 Porsche GT2 Portal Power Glove Preview Project Gotham Racing 4 Projector PS3 PS4 PSP PSP Slim PSP2 PSPhone Punch Out PVP Quake Wars RadioShack Rally Raing Random RAZR 2 Remote Desktop Resident Evil 5 Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles Review Me Reviews Robosaurus Robots Rock Band Rockstar Table Tennis Wii Roller Coaster Rolly Rube Goldberg Rubiks Cube Runbot S2000 CR Saleen Samsung Samsung Beat Samsung Blast Samsung Fin Samsung G600 Samsung Juke Samsung Serenata Science ScrewAttack SEGA SEGA Rally EVO Segway SEMA 2007 Sidekick LX Sidekick Slide Simpsons Skate Skateboarder Sky Tower Skype Smartphone Software Soldier of Fortune Pay Back Sonic Sony Sony Ericsson Sony Mylo 2 Sony Rolly Soul Calibur 4 Soulcaliber IV Soulcalibur Legends Space Space Invaders Space Up Speakers Spider-Man Sports Sprint Sprint Faster Sprint Spark Spy Shots SSC Ultimate Aero TT Star Trek Star Wars Starcraft 2 Steampunk Stop-Motion Street Fighter 4 Streetcarver Stryker Subaru Subaru WRX Super Mario Galaxy Super Smash Bros Brawl Surface Computer Suzuki BiPlane T-Mobile T-Mobile Shadow Tablet PC Tank Car Tank Limo Tata Nano Tattoo Team Fortress 2 Tech 5 TechEBlog Review Technology Tekken 5 Television Tetris TGS 07 The Dark Knight The Eye of Judgement The Real Hustle The Simpsons The Simpsons Game TheShack ThinkGeek Time Crisis 4 TimeShift Tire Sculptures Toaster Tokyo Motor Show Tony Hawk Too Human Top 10 Top 5 Top Gear Toyota Toyota Prius Toys TradeandSave Trailer Transformers Transformers 2 Transportation Travel TRD Aurion Turok Tutorial Ubuntu UFO Ultima GTR Ultrabook UMPC Uncharted Uncharted Drakes Fortune Unreal Tournament 3 Unusual USB Drive USB Gadget Valve Vending Machine Verizon Video Video Games Vii Virgin Galactic Virtua Fighter 5 Virtual Reality Volkswagen Volkswagen Nardo W580 W910 W960 Wall-E Watches Weapon Weird Wheel Wibrain Wii Wii Fit Wii Zapper Wiimote Hack Will it Blend Windows 7 Windows Vista Wireless Wooden Car World News World of Warcraft Worlds Largest LCD Screen WRX STi Xbox  search now Follow @techeblog contact advertise shopping forums ©2016 Honekai Media | privacy policy handcrafted by: onelotus creative
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Googled Medical Complaints Bring New Meaning To 'Bay Area Flake' Stereotype by Beth Spotswood in News on Oct 26, 2016 2:30 pm It's on sale. You have no excuse. What's the first thing you do when your body starts acting weird? Duh. You Google your symptoms. WebMD that shit! Sunbelt Staffing (yes, Sunbelt Staffing) took a gander at Google Trends to see which U.S. cities googled which medical problems the most. Ew, San Francisco. Ew. According to our Google searches, San Franciscans most regularly search for skin problems. Specifically, we're "curious" about dandruff and eczema. San Jose suffers similar flaky issues. In fact, according to Sunbelt Staffing's Google Trend research, San Jose is basically the dandruff capital of the world. San Franciscans also google sciatica, which is some kind of leg/butt-area pain and is most likely incurred from manspreading on public transportation. The Bay Area is not a top city for mental health searches or respiratory ailments, although San Jose does pop up a lot when searching for "the common cold." At least we're not Nashville, whose residents have a whole lot of questions about diarrhea. "A high level of searches for a specific ailment in any given area is not a definite science, but could give some indication of a shortfall with education or employment, a wider problem related to the geographical location of the city, or an indication of environmental factors in the area," explains Sunbelt Staffing of their research. What geographical or environmental factor is causing our (your) dandruff? Is designer coffee drying scalp skin? Is it that funky Muni air? A WebMD article entitled, "Dandruff: Learn the Basics" says that fungus is involved. Scalp fungus. "The internet is a great resource, but shouldn’t be used as a replacement for assessments by trained medical professionals," warns the folks at Sunbelt. It's also important to remember that Head and Shoulders has totally revamped their product and it smells a lot better now. Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. Google Trends health Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/News BusinessNews Google Fiber CEO steps down, rollouts halted By Todd Haselton | October 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google Access, the unit of Alphabet that’s competing with cable networks by delivering its own high-speed internet, announced major changes this week. CEO Craig Barratt will step down from his role as CEO, though will continue to serve as an adviser. Google Access will also stop rolling out Google Fiber to new markets. That’s going to result in layoffs where it was planning to deploy its services, unfortunately, but it doesn’t mean Google Fiber is dead just yet. Instead, Barratt said in a blog post that Google Access is going to change the way it approaches its Fiber rollout. Barratt said Google Access has a new refined plan that will allow it to “focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today.” He didn’t say it, but Barratt is likely talking about new wireless technologies. Qualcomm is already pushing forward with 5G, for example, which will allow gigabit speeds to mobile devices. Refocusing Google Fiber As a result of the new focus, Google Access will stop deploying Fiber in new markets. Here’s what Barratt said: In terms of our existing footprint, in the cities where we’ve launched or are under construction, our work will continue. For most of our “potential Fiber cities” — those where we’ve been in exploratory discussions — we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches. We’re ever grateful to these cities for their ongoing partnership and patience, and we’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions. In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base. Google Fiber seems to be in a bit of a limbo right now. Was Google turned off by AT&T, Comcast and other competitors that started to offer their own Gigabit solutions? Or does it really have a bold new plan that’ll help its service deploy quicker? Those questions remain unanswered for now. Source Google Topics #Google #Google #google fiber Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Cloud Computing Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 14, 2016 04:00:40 PM PST E-Commerce Times > Enterprise IT > Cloud Computing | Google's Jamboard Aids Enterprise Brainstorming Sessions By Richard Adhikari Oct 26, 2016 1:57 PM PT Google on Tuesday announced Jamboard, a digital whiteboard for collaboration in the cloud. It's compatible with G Suite and Google Search, as well as Google Drive. Users can collaborate and broadcast their work globally through Google Hangouts. Jamboard has a 55-inch 4K display with touchscreen functionality, a built-in HD camera, speakers, and WiFi connectivity. Features include sticky notes, stencils, and handwriting and shape recognition. Jamboard's touchscreen can differentiate between the stylus and the eraser. It also can sense when someone uses a finger to erase content from the screen rather than write on it. The stylus and digital eraser don't require batteries or pairing, Google said. The Jamboard will be available for purchase next year at a price point of less than US$6,000. An early adopter program will enable Google to fine-tune Jamboard for G Suite customers. What's Good About Jamboard Jamboard appears superior to other whiteboards because "it looks tightly coupled with Google productivity apps," said Michael Jude, a program manager at Stratecast/Frost & Sullivan. "Since many people are already knowledgeable about Google collaboration, this seems like a logical extension," he told the E-Commerce Times. Jamboard "is perfect for distributed work environments and for offices that still have office parks." Jamboard "is rather slick, and that will appeal to cutting-edge companies," Jude remarked. "The cutting-edge feel to this thing may attract companies that might have gone with more traditional collaborative approaches." Jamboard's Drawbacks Including collaborative versions of the more advanced tools that specialists require, such as CAD solutions for engineers, would make Jamboard even more valuable, suggested Jim McGregor, a principal analyst at Tirias Research. "A tool like this should be huge for engineers, who naturally love whiteboards -- but you have to have the tools, and all parties involved need to have the platform," he told the E-Commerce Times. "It helps expand Google's presence and recognition as a hardware system provider, especially for enterprise solutions, but this isn't going to be a breakout product for Google," McGregor said. The demand for such a device is "rather limited," he explained. "It doesn't really enable anything new -- it just makes everything easier by integrating all the tools and interfaces into a single platform." Among the challenges it would present are convincing the IT staff to purchase, install and maintain it; making it available in all the locations that need it; and retraining people to use it, McGregor said. Products like the Jamboard "aren't enterprise class devices -- they're point solutions ... like printers, copiers and scanners, better sold by firms that meet point needs and have other, similar products to sell," maintained Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group. "The only large firms that likely could sell these well are firms already selling other document-related solutions, and Google currently isn't one of those," he told the E-Commerce Times. "This is one more case where it looks like Google just doesn't get the enterprise." Jamboard vs. the Surface Hub "Right now, the gold standard for this use is likely the Surface Hub, because it blends a variety of technologies into what's likely the most advanced conferencing board on the market," Enderle suggested. Google's approach with the Jamboard "is far cheaper, but it leaves out a ton of features, like videoconferencing, which are necessary to make a current-generation connected board make sense," he added. The Jamboard "reminds me a lot of products we had 10 or so years ago that could store and forward what you wrote on them," Enderle said. "This one ties into Google's back end better, but I'm wondering where the last decade went." While the demand for connected whiteboards "has never been very big," the Jamboard "does tie into Google's overall strategy of indexing the world," Enderle pointed out. "What's done on this board will be captured, recorded and indexed, and that's a value." Richard Adhikari has written about high-tech for leading industry publications since the 1990s and wonders where it's all leading to. Will implanted RFID chips in humans be the Mark of the Beast? Will nanotech solve our coming food crisis? Does Sturgeon's Law still hold true? You can connect with Richard on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR RESOURCES Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Why Google is giving up on its dream to bring super-fast broadband to everyone Vox.com 10/26/2016 Ariel Stulberg © Provided by Vox.com Alphabet, the parent company of Google, announced on Tuesday that it was curbing its expansion of Google Fiber, an ambitious effort to bring blazing-fast internet access to a number of metropolitan areas. It’s the latest setback for those who hope to bring speeds of 1 gigabit per second — about 50 times faster than a typical connection — to every American. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% A few dozen cities in America have next-generation broadband networks that offer gigabit speeds. These super-fast connections were supposed to revolutionize Americans’ experience of the internet and rev up the country’s noncompetitive broadband market. When these networks were being built, advocates pointed to a number of potential applications. Gigabit networks, they promised, would enable users to interact in complex virtual reality environments. They’d make possible good-as-life teleconferencing that could allow seniors to visit doctors from home. This article is part of New Money, a new section on economics, technology, and business. But six years after the first super-fast connections went live, even proponents concede no “killer” gigabit application has emerged. Most of their potential, critics say, is simply ignored by users. And building gigabit networks nationwide would be a colossally expensive undertaking. That has caused even some former enthusiasts of these networks to wonder whether the early hype around gigabit networks was misplaced. Perhaps it makes sense to settle for more incremental — and much less expensive — upgrades to the networks we already have. © Provided by Vox.com Fiber optic networks were supposed to be the internet’s future    Most Americans get their internet via telephone and cable television wires that have been in the ground for decades. These lines weren’t designed to carry digital data, and as a result internet service over them tends to be slow. New fiber optics networks, which send data as pulses of light along strands of glass, really are better. The first Google Fiber network went live in Kansas City in 2013. Along with making money, the company bosses said they hoped to strengthen the internet’s technological foundations. “We don't want incremental change,” Google Fiber’s Kevin Lo said in a 2012 interview. “Offering you a 10 Mbps service and edging it to 50 Mbps and then 100 Mbps, that's not what drives real innovation.” Google set an initial goal of signing up 5 million subscribers in its first five years. More than 1,100 municipalities applied to be part of the program. The company has expanded the service to seven cities so far, but it now looks like the expansion phase is winding down. Google was a pioneer, but it wasn’t the first to reach gigabit speeds. That honor falls to Chattanooga, Tennessee — population 173,000 — which built a publicly owned fiber optic network in 2010, making it the first American city to offer gigabit speeds citywide. The network cost $330 million to install and initially offered gigabit speeds for $350 a month — a price that has since fallen to $70. Last year, Chattanooga demonstrated just how fast fiber optic networks can be when it boosted its top speed to 10 gigabits per second. To put that in context, that’s more than 500 times faster than the average speed of a US internet connection of 15.3 megabits per second. When it began, Chattanooga officials spoke of the project as part a longer-term revitalization of the city’s deindustrialized economy. They believed that having one of the nation’s fastest broadband networks would give the city a decisive economic advantage — allowing the city’s residents to use, or maybe even develop, the next generation of internet applications. And Chattanooga wasn’t alone; there were dozens of government-led efforts to install fiber in small cities nationwide. The nation’s largest internet providers — Comcast, Verizon, AT&T — have rolled out some fiber offerings as well. Advocates want the feds to push a nationwide fiber network As a result, about 14 percent of Americans have access to gigabit speeds today. That’s not nearly enough for Susan Crawford, a professor at Harvard Law School. In her book Captive Audience: The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age, Crawford called for a massive national fiber project comparable to Dwight Eisenhower’s creation of the National Highway System. The gigabit applications we’ve seen so far, she told me, are only the vaguest hints of what’s to come. “One helpful analogy is to the history of electrification,” she said. “We thought when electricity first came on the scene it would just be a few street lights, maybe one light at home.” Crawford dismissed talk of building gradually on current speeds. In her view, gigabit networks represent a revolution over current broadband, not simply a marginal improvement. “It’s a phase change,” she said, “like ice turning into water.” A few countries, notably South Korea, have invested more in super-fast networks than America has. But there isn’t yet much sign that the faster networks have given these countries a big technological edge. Crawford argues that’s because countries like South Korea lack the United States’ entrepreneurial dynamism. “If you come up with something there, you just get bought by Samsung,” she said. Skeptics say a gigabit fiber network isn’t worth the cost Of course, there’s another possibility: Maybe people just don’t have any use for so much bandwidth. That’s the view of Doug Brake, of Information Technology & Innovation Foundation, a think tank funded by foundation and government grants as well as donations from firms such as Google and IBM. “There are no apps today and no apps on the horizon,” he said, though he acknowledged that development of new applications would probably proceed more quickly with far broader gigabit coverage. The basic issue is that even the most bandwidth-hungry of today’s applications use far, far less than a gigabit — 1,000 megabits per second — of bandwidth. Right now, one of the most bandwidth-hungry applications out there is Netflix. Netflix recommends users have at least 3 Mbps of bandwidth for standard-definition video — meaning that you could stream about 300 Netflix videos simultaneously on a 1 gigabit connection. If you want Netflix’s highest-quality streaming, called Ultra HD, that requires 25 Mbps. So a gigabit connection would allow you to stream 40 Ultra HD videos at a time. “People throughout history have been proven wrong, so I’m open to that,” Brake said, “but nothing before our eyes justifies spending hundreds of billions of dollars on this stuff.” He rejected Crawford’s federal approach as “an absurd waste of government resources.” To the extent that there’s any problem with US internet service, he said, it’s with connectivity in remote, rural areas. The focus of policy should be on “making sure our nation’s poor have access to the internet at acceptable speeds,” he said. For the most part, that means incentivizing the major broadband providers to expand and upgrade their existing networks, which are often much slower than 1 gigabit. Brake points to Vector DSL and DOCSIS 3.1, new standards that allow telephone and cable networks, respectively, to carry more data than before. He also highlighted the forthcoming fifth generation of mobile broadband (5G), which will have speeds about 10 times those of 4G devices. With that kind of steady progress, he argues, it would be foolish to spend billions of dollars on a fiber networks that would deliver far more bandwidth than most households know what to do with. New networks have benefits beyond gigabit speeds Blair Levin has a long record as a cheerleader for faster broadband networks. He oversaw the creation of the Federal Communications Commission’s National Broadband Plan in 2009 and 2010. Then he led Gig.U, a private group promoting gigabit networks on college campuses. But his enthusiasm for gigabit networks has cooled a bit in recent years — a situation he calls “highly ironic” given his earlier views. “There’s nothing magical about a gig,” he said. “The gig has become the marketing nomenclature.” It’s not the speed of the networks he cares about, but their impact on the broader broadband marketplace. When he and his colleagues set out to write the National Broadband Plan in 2009, Levin said, most US households had no more than two options for broadband service — usually a cable company and a local telephone company. The weak competitive pressure inherent in that structure reduces firms’ incentive to invest in better technology, especially because building a new network can cannibalize usage of existing networks. "I don't begrudge anyone their return on investment,” Levin said. However, he noted, the major providers’ incentive “is not to provide ‘better, faster, cheaper,’ but to maximize return on investment." So without pressure from outside, incumbent broadband providers have a tendency to rest on their laurels. In contrast, when a third party announces plans to build a new network in a particular city, the local cable and DSL providers often responded by offering faster, cheaper service of their own. Comcast, for example, recently announced a new 2 gigabit cable service that will be available in both Chattanooga and Atlanta, Georgia — a Google Fiber city. Fiber upgrades are losing momentum — and that might be okay Google Fiber’s rollout was painstaking and slow, and the project failed to meet its growth goals. From 2014 onward, the company required wannabe “Fiber cities” to promise they’ll expedite Fiber’s installation in various ways. These included providing detailed information on and access to existing infrastructure, streamlined construction permitting, and other concessions. Getting cities to buy into the whole program has proved difficult. AT&T is continuing to expand its fiber optic network, called Giga Power. Verizon invested heavily in its own fiber optic service, called FiOS, over the past decade. But in recent years, new FiOS investments have practically ground to a halt. All three firms have recentlysignaledplans to shift away from laying fiber lines directly into subscribers’ homes. The new initiatives revolved around covering the so-called “last mile” using 5G wireless, which is easier to install but runs at slower speeds. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has proposed an additional $275 billion in spending on America’s infrastructure over the next five years. Some of that money would flow to boosting internet access to underserved areas. Another tranche would go to grants for towns looking to create “modern digital communities,” part of which would likely to go fiber buildout. Levin and Crawford praised the proposal as a step in the right direction. Brake praised it too, citing its focus on broadband availability (rather than speed) and its neutrality as to which technology to employ. But more ambitious proposals, like Crawford’s dream of a national, federally subsidized fiber network, don’t seem likely to materialize. “Let’s get real,” several experts told me. Maybe that’s not such a bad thing. Right now, incremental improvements to existing broadband networks seem to be providing most Americans with plenty of bandwidth for today’s applications. On the other hand, maybe some scrappy tech entrepreneurs in South Korea will shock everyone into rethinking the question. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Vox.com Trump's promise to deport 3 million is literally impossible Vox.com Read Leonard Cohen’s touching farewell letter to his muse Vox.com Polls got Clinton right; they got Trump wrong Vox.com Trump despised the Electoral College in 2012. It just won him the election. Vox.com Vox.com View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google Earth images shed light on where solar rooftops make sense By Reuters Published: 18:54 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 18:54 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Sebastien Malo NEW YORK, Oct 26 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - During his free time on the job as a Google employee, Carl Elkin began tinkering with the company's 3D mapping program, wondering if it could identify rooftops that receive enough sunlight to make installing solar panels worthwhile. When months later the U.S.-based engineer showed a handful of colleagues the results of his labor, they had a eureka moment. "The lightbulb kind of went off," said Joel Conkling, Elkin's colleague at the California-based company. "It felt like intuitively it had some real potential." Soon after, a team followed Elkin's lead and designed Project Sunroof. The project website uses Google Earth's high-resolution aerial images to calculate any roof's solar energy potential. For homeowners, figuring out whether installing thousands of dollars worth of solar panels is a sound investment can be confusing. Project Sunroof aims to make the decision easier - and speed up the adoption of solar energy, which today accounts for less than 1 percent of U.S. electricity generation. Homeowners interested in assessing their property's solar potential can enter their address on Project Sunroof's website, and in roughly a second get a calculation of how many hours of usable sunlight their roof receives, Conkling said. Thousands of lines of computer code analyze factors such as the shade trees cast on a roof, its orientation and local weather patterns, he said. Project Sunroof then connects users whose roof is suitable for solar panels with companies that install them. "People can come in and very quickly and very easily get a pretty sophisticated understanding of their solar potential and whether it makes sense for them to go solar," said Conkling, a product manager for Project Sunroof. The response has been encouraging, he said. Last month, Project Sunroof was among 13 projects from around the world to win a Momentum for Change award, which recognises innovative and potentially transformative ways to tackle climate change and move toward a low-carbon future. "We were impressed by the scalability of the technology with more and more states and homes able to utilize it," said Nick Nuttall, a spokesman for the Bonn-based U.N. Climate Change Secretariat, which presents the award. Since launching last year, Project Sunroof has expanded from offering analysis of rooftops in two states to 42 states, from New York to California. Thousands of users have been connected with solar-panel installers, Conkling told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. In many states, homeowners who produce solar energy can sell all or part of it the power grid. Such payments - and other incentives - are often essential to help offset the steep upfront investment, which can run between $17,000 and $24,000 for a typical solar panel system, according to data from research firm GTM Research. Other U.S. companies also map the solar potential of roofs, including Geostellar and Mapdwell. But Conkling said he is confident that Google Earth's global reach and high definition images can help it cover more ground and provide estimates with an unprecedented degree of accuracy. Nuttall, of the U.N. climate secretariat, agrees the system potentially could be used in many more places. "There seems no reason why one day it could not go global," he said. In recent years, Google has invested nearly $2.5 billion in clean energy wind and solar projects, according to the company's corporate website. (Reporting by Sebastien Malo, Editing by Laurie Goering; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit http://news.trust.org) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 26 AAPL: 115.59 -2.66 12 Google Pixel observations from an iPhone user [Video] Jeff Benjamin - 3 weeks ago @JeffBenjam Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google’s new flagship Pixel XL phone landed in my hands early Monday morning, and I’ve been taking it for a test drive ever since. I’m obviously someone who prefers Apple devices over Google devices, but this phone is so fascinating that I just had to try it. I should note that this isn’t a review — if you want a review you should definitely check out Stephen’s review over at 9to5Google — these are first impressions from an iPhone fan. Considering that the Pixel is the first real Google-branded smartphone, one that’s obviously meant to go toe-to-toe with Apple’s best offerings, I felt obligated to try it out. Here’s a brief look at a dozen of my initial thoughts. Unlimited full quality photo and video storage is awesome This is perhaps the Pixel’s most compelling feature: the ability to snap unlimited photos and videos, and simply not have to worry about cloud storage. As an iPhone user, iCloud Storage, or lack thereof, has to be one of the most frustrating elements of being in the iOS ecosystem. Google solves this issue by providing Pixel owners with unlimited cloud storage for photos and videos in full resolution. Apple could definitely learn something from Google’s approach here. No bloatware As an iPhone user, the concept of pre-installed bloatware is completely foreign (unless you count something like the Tips app), but people coming from Samsung phones and other Android OEMs will be happy to find a bloatware-free experience out of the box. The Pixel is as pure of an Android experience that one can come by, it’s running the latest version of Android Nougat, and will get a guaranteed two years of software updates and three years of security updates. If you’re looking for a Google touchstone device to compare to the iPhone, this is it. The Pixel is essentially Google’s “iPhone.” Hands-on with Google Pixel XL Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more videos Google Assistant If the Pixel is Google’s iPhone, then Google Assistant is the MountainView company’s version of Siri. Backed by Google’s impressive machine learning, it’s fast, capable, and can do most of what Siri can do — sometimes more. Stephen from 9to5Google summed it up well in his Pixel review: Think Apple’s Siri, but Assistant — in my experience — has far better word recognition and accuracy. And of course Google Assistant is powered by Google, so it has access to all kinds of information that Siri might not be able to grab for you. I definitely agree about the word recognition and accuracy. In my opinion, it’s what sets Google Assistant apart from Siri. Fast charging and battery Apple still ships its iPhones with wimpy 5w chargers that just barely get the job done. Google, on the other hand, ships the Pixel with an 18W charger, and features fast charging that will deliver a considerable amount of battery life in just 15 minutes. The 5.5″ iPhone 7 Plus ships with a 2,900 mAh battery, while the 5.5″ Pixel XL comes with a substantially bigger 3,450 mAh battery. The smaller iPhone and Pixel feature 1,960 and 2,770 mAh batteries respectively. That means that the smaller Pixel has almost as much battery capacity as the larger iPhone 7 Plus, with just a 130 mAh difference. AMOLED display Although the iPhone 7 Plus’ LCD screen is really good for an LCD display when it comes to contrast ratio, it still can’t compete with the inky black levels made possible by AMOLED displays. That said, the iPhone 7 display is brighter and is easier to read in direct sunlight. The Pixel features a higher resolution QHD display, but you’re probably not going to notice a difference between it and the iPhone 7 Plus’ Full HD display when used as a phone. When used in Google’s upcoming Daydream View VR headset, however, the extra resolution will pay dividends. Photos and videos Photos taken with the Pixel in well-lit environments look great and feature deep color saturation. The Pixel lacks OIS, but tries to make up for it with the so-called Electronic Image Stabilization for video. I found that EIS does a surprisingly good job of keeping 4K video nice and steady. The iPhone 7 Plus performs really well in low light environments, and the Pixel performed decently as well. I found that the Pixel’s photos featured more noise in low light conditions, which could be chalked up to the lack of OIS. The iPhone 7 also features a wider aperture, which help boost its performance in low light conditions. One of the most impressive aspects of the Pixel’s camera is its autofocus capability. The Pixel’s autofocus is absurdly quick, and this is an area where I feel the iPhone can still stand to make some improvements. In most cases, however, the photo and video experience was stellar for both devices. It’s easy to forget that you’re getting this level of photographic quality from a smartphone. Design and build Although you won’t find any HTC markings on the phone’s box, packaging or exterior, the Pixel is a product of the Taiwanese company that has been branded as a “Phone by Google,” If you’ve ever used an HTC 10, then there are some definite design cues that clue you in to the fact that the Pixel is made by HTC. The subtle chamfered edges on the front of the phone are a big giveaway, but other features, like the textured power button pay homage to classic HTC design. The front of the Pixel looks an awful lot like the front of an iPhone or iPod touch sans Home button, but the rear of the device mostly heads in a different direction. The upper portion of the rear of the Pixel is comprised of a glass accent panel, and there’s a fingerprint sensor found there as well. Then there’s is the bezel, which is accompanied by an egregiously large chin. Why is it there? Why is it so ridiculously big? The iPhone at least has a Home button as a built-in excuse, but the Google Pixel’s chin is just a big, empty, boring space. The answer, it seems, is that Google used an already-in-the-works HTC product, because it had to rush out the phone in a mere nine months. Fingerprint Sensor (Pixel Imprint) Google calls its fingerprint sensor Pixel Imprint. The sensor is located on the rear of the phone near the lower portion of the glass accent panel. The fingerprint sensor isn’t shared with a button, so it’s literally just a sensor and not much else. There is one cool “Move” feature that allows you to invoke the Notification Pane by swiping down on the sensor, but that’s about all as far as additional functionality is concerned. As someone with large hands and fingers, I’m not a huge fan of the placement of the sensor, as it requires me to adjust my grip slightly to interface with it. I do, however, appreciate how quickly the Pixel recognizes that your finger has been placed on the sensor, and how fast the phone unlocks. I’m also a big fan of the ability to set up multiple fingerprints during the initial phone setup process. Apple should give users the ability to configure multiple Touch ID fingerprints during iOS’ setup. Speaker After getting used to much-improved sound quality of the iPhone 7, listening to the single down-firing speaker on the Google Pixel seems like a big step backward. The Pixel’s single speaker is loud, but you miss out on stereo sound and a front-firing speaker. Water resistance The Pixel is not water resistant like the iPhone 7 is. It features an IP53 rating, which is basically for protection against splashes and spills, not full submersion. The reason for this is, as noted above, that the team behind the Pixel simply ran out of time. Again, the Pixel was produced within a very tight nine-month time window, which meant that some features, such as iPhone 7- like water resistance, had to be scrapped. That said, if this video is anything to go by, your Pixel will probably fare okay if it has a brief encounter with water. Pseudo-3D Touch 3D Touch really came into its own in the latest generation of iPhones. It’s a feature that I dismissed when it first debuted, but I’ve been using it constantly with the iPhone 7. The Pixel has its own pseudo-3D Touch, which is basically just a long-press, but it’s nothing compared to real force-sensitive 3D Touch with haptic feedback. I use 3D Touch all the time now, and it would be hard for me to adjust to using a phone without it. It would be like using a computer without right-click, although to a somewhat less drastic degree. Split Screen One of the cool things about Android Nougat is that it now supports native Split Screen mode. That means that apps that are designed to support the feature can be ran side by side in either portrait of landscape mode. On the larger 5.5″ Pixel XL, such a mode is very much appreciated. It’s a little cramped, but it’s nice to be able to keep up with your Twitter timeline and browse the web or watch a video at the same time. Conclusion The Pixel is a solid flagship smartphone that anyone deeply invested in the Google ecosystem should be proud of. It’s well designed, devoid of bloatware, and I should note that it’s also very fast. But it’s not a phone that would even make me think about switching from my iPhone 7. That’s not to say that that time will never come, it’s just that the Pixel isn’t yet that phone. This is only the first in a line of many Pixels, and I see Google significantly upping the ante now that its first white-labeled product has landed to largely positive reviews. At $649+, the Pixel isn’t compelling enough for curious iPhone owners to buy just to experiment with. But future iterations may be able to snag fence-dwellers since Google will have more time to plan and develop future models. Keep in mind that these are just my impressions after going hands-on with the Google Pixel for a little over 24 hours. For an Android user’s in-depth take, be sure to watch and read 9to5Google’s full Pixel review. The full Google Pixel review Guides Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
News News Startups Personal Technology Social Networks Mobile Security Columnists Companies Companies Apple Cisco Facebook Google HP Intel Netflix Oracle Tesla Special Reports Silicon Valley 150 Salary Survey Venture Capital Funding SiliconBeat The Mercury News Today Subscribe Newsletter Silicon Valley Today Subscribe Newsletter News News Startups Personal Technology Social Networks Mobile Security Columnists Companies Companies Apple Cisco Facebook Google HP Intel Netflix Oracle Tesla Special Reports Silicon Valley 150 Salary Survey Venture Capital Funding SiliconBeat The Mercury News Google Fiber put on hold in Silicon Valley Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Is Apple out of touch? How to kick Facebook addiction Founders, VCs don’t care about diversity LinkedIn’s salary-comparison tool Business Google Fiber put on hold in Silicon Valley Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Installers for Google Fiber work March 19, 2013, in northwest Kansas City, Kansas. (Keith Myers/Kansas City Star/MCT) By Ethan Baron | ebaron@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: October 26, 2016 at 3:44 pm | UPDATED: October 27, 2016 at 4:31 am MOUNTAIN VIEW — Plans for Google Fiber’s super-fast internet service are officially suspended in Silicon Valley and some other parts of the country as the company focuses on new delivery methods. Local officials from San Jose, Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, Mountain View and Palo Alto had been working with Google Fiber on plans for the networks. Analysts saw the move, announced by Google’s parent firm Alphabet on Tuesday, as a death knell for expansion of the program, with Alphabet pivoting toward wireless technology for delivery of gigabit-speed internet. “They’ve bet a lot on Google Fiber and to have them sort of suddenly suspending service and leaving people in the lurch is a really bad sign,” said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett. “It’s the sort of move you make if you think you need to shut down completely.” Earlier this year,  Google received final permits for a three-year construction project in San Jose to deliver the lightning fast service. “We have some disappointment because I think everyone here was looking forward to Google Fiber moving ahead,” said San Jose city spokesman David Vossbrink, adding that city staff and officials had been “really setting the table” for Fiber. Alphabet contacted San Jose just before announcing the suspension, but has not provided further information about any high-speed-internet plans for the city, Vossbrink said. A Google Fiber spokeswoman said Alphabet remained grateful to Silicon Valley city officials and communities for their “ongoing partnership and patience.” “We’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions,” the spokeswoman said. The Mountain View-based company is focusing on new technology and methods of deploying ultra-fast internet, including wireless transmission, she said. Alphabet’s move comes in the wake of the company’s acquisition earlier this year of Webpass, which develops systems for wireless transmission. Alphabet has applied to the Federal Communications Commission to test wireless internet delivery in 24 U.S. sites, including Mountain View, Palo Alto, San Jose, San Bruno and San Francisco. Suspension of Fiber means some job losses, the company said. “In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base,” Craig Barratt, CEO of Access, the Alphabet division that handles Google Fiber, said in a blog post Tuesday. Barratt, who also announced his resignation from Access, said “most” of the eight metropolitan areas where Fiber isn’t already running or under construction would see plans paused. A source familiar with the matter said the hold applies to all eight areas, including Silicon Valley, Los Angeles and Portland. The outgoing executive didn’t specify the number of job losses. Tech website Ars Technica reported that a source familiar with the situation said 9 percent of Access’ positions were to go, but that some workers could be moved within Alphabet. Access has about 1,500 employees, according to Bloomberg. Barratt emphasized that Google Fiber will live on in cities where it’s operating or under construction. “Our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue,” Barratt said. Some analysts have speculated that Google Fiber was largely conceived to spur Alphabet competitors to roll out ultra-high-speed service. That would benefit Google, because it can  then run more ads past more viewers. Forrester analyst Frank Gillett said he had trouble believing Google Fiber was ever planned as a giant project requiring massive capital costs. “I have to think that they were trying to prove a point and stimulate other competitors to do the business and technological innovations,” Gillett said. Even with wireless Alphabet is probably more interested in ensuring affordable, sustainable high-speed networks than it is in supplying the service itself, analyst Joel Espelien of The Diffusion Group said. Dealing with millions of individual service agreements probably didn’t appeal to Alphabet, either, said Gartner analyst Andrew Frank. “When it comes to building call centers and having trucks to go out and fix systems that get knocked out by weather, I don’t think that (the company) really wants to be in the logistics business at all,” Frank said.       Tags:  Google Ethan Baron Ethan Baron is a business reporter at The Mercury News, and a native of Silicon Valley before it was Silicon Valley. Baron has worked as a reporter, columnist, editor and photographer in newspapers and magazines for 25 years, covering business, politics, social issues, crime, the environment, outdoor sports, war and humanitarian crises. Follow Ethan Baron @ethanbaron blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS More in Business Activist investor Starboard buys a stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise November 14, 2016, 2:04 pm There was Yahoo. There was Depomed. There was Marvell Technology. And now, with a new investment in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, activist investor Starboard Value Fund appears to be going for a grand slam of cage-rattling among Bay Area businesses this year. Activist investor Starboard buys a stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise November 14, 2016, 2:15 pm There was Yahoo. There was Depomed. There was Marvell Technology. And now, with a new investment in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, activist investor Starboard Value Fund appears to be going for a grand slam of cage-rattling among Bay Area businesses this year. Airbnb agrees to help San Francisco police short-term rentals November 14, 2016, 1:31 pm The home-sharing company says it will hand over its user data and help the city police rentals on its platform. U.S. stocks wobble as tech losses cancel out bank gains November 14, 2016, 12:20 pm U.S. stocks are wavering between small gains and losses Monday as technology companies like Apple and Microsoft take big losses on fears about their overseas revenue. That’s canceling out huge gains for banks, which are trading higher as bond yields rise to their highest levels since January. Higher bond yields, in turn, are hurting shares of companies that pay big... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! New Google Pixel Promotional Videos Aimed At iPhone Switchers – Android Headlines Posted on October 26, 2016 by Android Headlines The Google Pixel and the Pixel XL are the latest smartphones to hit the market and also happen to be ones which mark a new forward-looking approach for Google and its related hardware. While they are not technically made by Google, they are marketed as … How to chat with Google support from your Pixel phoneCNET LG’s V20 is a huge phone with two clever camerasTechCrunch iPhone 7 vs. Pixel real-world speed test: The showdown we’ve been waiting forBGR Droid Life (press release) (blog) -Digital Trends -Phone Arena -Android Central all 149 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
15/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X World news 14/11/2016 Obama says he will tell allies Trump is committed to NATO Tweet World news 14/11/2016 Chernobyl's new shelter moves slowly into place Point of view "This is a culmination of hard work by many parties, over the years in Ukraine and worldwide." Vince Novak EBRD Director of Nuclear Safety World news 14/11/2016 Team Trump assembles - the possible players in the new administration Tweet Business 14/11/2016 Greece sees surprise economic growth Point of view "The economy did not rely just on tourism but was helped by domestic demand and improved liquidity" Nikos Magginas National Bank economist World news 14/11/2016 'Political amateurs are conquering the world,' Beppe Grillo tells euronews Point of view "People just need to go and vote. We're sure to win." Beppe Grillo Leader of the Five Star Movement Business 14/11/2016 Challenge and hope: analysing Egypt's loan from the IMF Point of view "There is a risk if the change is not managed correctly that you have another revolution" Richard Banks Consulting editor MENA, Euromoney World news 14/11/2016 Russia accuses jihadists of using chemical weapons in Aleppo Tweet Sci-tech 14/11/2016 A technological eye on the future of our seas and our agriculture Point of view "The ocean is becoming more acidic, it's getting warmer, just as the globe warms" J. Murray Roberts Professor of Marine biology, University of Edinburgh BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > Thai government calls on Google to take down content insulting monarchy Now Reading: Thai government calls on Google to take down content insulting monarchy world news 22/10/2016 Thai government calls on Google to take down content insulting monarchy Today's Top Stories world news 11/14/2016 Trump and Putin talk on the telephone world news 11/14/2016 Obama says he will tell allies Trump is committed to NATO the global conversation 11/14/2016 'Political amateurs are conquering the world,' Beppe Grillo tells euronews Advertisement Aa Aa Flashback: one year ago world news 11/15/2015 Paris: the faces behind the headlines world news 11/15/2015 Survivors of Paris massacres describe their ordeal world news 11/15/2015 A Belgian connection - again - as terror strikes Europe world news 11/15/2015 Paris attacks: just some of the victims from more than 15 countries Sport 11/15/2015 Sporting world mourns victims of Paris attacks Editor's choice world news 11/13/2016 Trump triumph 'invites Putin to launch more invasions' brussels bureau 11/14/2016 The Brief from Brussels: Obama's last trip to Europe world news 11/14/2016 Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi turns his back on Europe last updated: 22/10/2016 Euronews US internet giant Google has agreed to help remove content insulting Thailand’s monarchy. It follows pressure from hardline royalists in the country demanding action to take down material deemed offensive on Google’s subsidiary, You Tube, following King Bhumibol Adulyadej’s death earlier this month. Google says it will follow existing policies on content removal. Thailand’s Deputy Prime Minister Prajin Juntong said more than 100 items insulting the monarchy had been found on the US internet firms services. The Asian country has some of the strictest lese majeste laws in the world. Its military government has said it is tracking individuals suspected of insulting the monarchy and will ask countries to extradite them. Share this article: More about: Monarchy Thailand Controversy Google All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Thaïlande : la junte invite Google à traquer les crimes de lèse-majesté See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Thailand will Majestätsbeleidigung im Internet strafrechtlich verfolgen See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Thailandia: migliaia di uomini e donne in nero per piangere il sovrano See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Tailandia acude a Google para borrar artículos contra la monarquía See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Tailândia pede à Google bloqueio de conteúdos ofensivos para a monarquia See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Tayland'da on binler Kral Adulyadej anısına yazılan marşı birlikte seslendirdi See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Таїланд: Google обмежить доступ до образливого контенту про монархію See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Тайские власти защищают монархию с помощью Google See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية تايلاندة حزينة لرحيل المَلِك وستتابِع قضائيا الذين يشتمونه على الأنترنت بالتعاون مع غُوغل See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی موافقت گوگل با درخواست دولت تایلند برای حذف ویدیوهای «توهین آمیز» See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Ταϊλάνδη: 150.000 άνθρωποι έψαλαν τον βασιλικό ύμνο...για να προβάλλεται στα σινεμά! See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Hajlandó a Google leszedni a thai monarchiát sértő tartalmakat See translation Auto-Translated Next Article world news 22/10/2016 Iraqi forces drive ISIL out of Christian region near Mosul Today's Top Stories world news 11/14/2016 Trump and Putin talk on the telephone world news 11/14/2016 Obama says he will tell allies Trump is committed to NATO the global conversation 11/14/2016 'Political amateurs are conquering the world,' Beppe Grillo tells euronews Browse today's tags Donald Trump USA presidential elections 2016 USA European Union Politics American politics New technologies Diplomacy Robot Europe Bulgarian politics Japan Space technology Italy EU-USA Bulgaria Moon Space engineering Economic growth Iraq Inflation Presidential elections Space exploration EU Foreign Policy Research Turkey Russia US elections Barack Obama ISIL Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 26 GOOG: 799.07 -8.60 Allo gets its first big update w/ app shortcuts, landscape support, quick reply, and more Stephen Hall - 3 weeks ago @hallstephenj Teardowns Apps and Updates Google Allo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Allo was pretty bare bones when it first launched, but just as Google promised, the app is going to evolve over time to — hopefully — become a messaging client to compete with the likes of Facebook Messenger and even Google’s own apps like Hangouts. Today, the Mountain View company has pushed the first big update for Allo, version 2.0, which brings lots of oft-requested features… Via Justin Uberti, the technical lead for Duo and the co-lead of Allo, we have the following change log: — App shortcuts — Landscape mode — Quick Reply in Android N — Multi-window support in Android N — GIF keyboard — a11y mode — Incognito key alerts This is a lot to unpack, but it’s basically everything that Allo should have shipped with out of the box. App shortcuts let you create a conversation by tapping and holding the icon from the home screen, Quick Reply lets you reply to messages from an Allo notification, multi-window mode obviously lets you use the app alongside another one in Android Nougat, and a11y is a new accessibility mode. Umnetioned in Uberti’s provided change log, this update brings Android Wear support for those that are still wearing smartwatches. Just like with Google’s other messaging apps, the companion Android Wear Allo app lets you use your voice to reply or you can also reply with emojis by drawing them. It’s a pretty barebones app, but it’s nice to have either way — and it should have been there from the start. But today’s update also brings some features under the hood that haven’t shown up yet in the app. Perhaps the most interesting of these is a new set of fun chat themes, which vary from “Pizza” to “Moon”. Here’s a list of strings we found in our teardown evidencing the new feature (which we weren’t able to find ourselves using the new version of the app): <string name=”theme_picker_explanation”>Mix it up. Swipe to find a new one.</string> <string name=”theme_picker_explanation_in_new_conversation”>Swipe to find the perfect one</string> <string name=”theme_picker_header”>Change this theme</string> <string name=”theme_picker_header_in_new_conversation”>Fun chat themes</string> And here’s a full list of all the different themes we were able to find. There are seemingly 12 of them: <string name=”angles_theme_name”>Angles</string> <string name=”aztec_theme_name”>Aztec</string> <string name=”balloon_dark_theme_name”>Balloons dark</string> <string name=”balloon_light_theme_name”>Balloons light</string> <string name=”clouds_theme_name”>Clouds</string> <string name=”doodles_theme_name”>Doodles</string> <string name=”moon_theme_name”>Moon</string> <string name=”pizza_theme_name”>Pizza</string> <string name=”sorbet_theme_name”>Sorbet</string> <string name=”sprinkles_theme_name”>Sprinkles</string> <string name=”watermelon_theme_name”>Watermelon</string> <string name=”worms_theme_name”>Worms</string> There’s also seemingly an option to quickly call Allo contacts via Duo in the works, but we couldn’t find a function in the app that lets you do that either: <string name=”action_duo_call”>Call on Duo</string> Justin Uberti has confirmed today that this feature is indeed in the works. We’re still digging around in this APK, and we’ll let you know if we find anything else… Disclaimer: This teardown reveals code from this build of the Allo app, but that doesn’t necessarily mean that future versions of Allo will include these features. These are simply hints included in background that we’ve uncovered that represent what Google may be working on — nothing more. Guides Apps and Updates View THe Guide Google Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security 5 best practices for switching your site to HTTPS for improved security Chrome is starting to flag more pages as insecure. Here are five things every webmaster should know about HTTPS. By Andy Wolber | October 26, 2016, 1:34 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic Google wants the connection between Chrome and your website to be more secure. And, if you're a webmaster, your upcoming deadline to increase security is January 2017. By that time, your site needs to serve pages with password or payment fields over an HTTPS connection. If you still serve those pages on an unencrypted connection—HTTP only, not HTTPs—Chrome will warn that the page is "Not secure." A quick visit to pages on your site will show you whether or not the site supports HTTPS. Open a page with Chrome and look at the URL bar. Click (or tap) on the lock (or info icon) to the left of the URL to view the connection security status. Then select "Details" for more info. A green lock and the "Your connection to this site is private" message indicates an HTTPS connection between Chrome and the page. The icon to the left of the web address of your website indicates whether or not the site supports a secure connection (HTTPS on left) or not (HTTP on right). Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic In the long term, Google wants every page of your site to support HTTPS—not just the ones with payments or passwords. Google search already prefers to return results from pages with HTTPS over pages that lack a secure connection. To enable an HTTPS connection between your site and visitor browsers, you need to setup an SSL certificate for your website. Here are five things things to know that may make the process easier. 1. Your web hosting provider might already serve your sites over a secured connection. For example, Automattic, which runs Wordpress.com, turned on SSL for their hosted customers in April of 2016. Customers didn't have to do anything at all—other than use Wordpress.com to host a site. 2. A few web hosting vendors make certificate setup free and easy Other web hosting providers offer a secure connection as an option, for free. Squarespace and Dreamhost, for example, both let customers choose to enable secure sites. Configuration of certificates used to be much more difficult, but these vendors streamline the process to a few steps. Some web hosting vendors make SSL certificate setup both free and easy. Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic Let's Encrypt, a project of the nonprofit Internet Security Research Group, provides the certificates for all three of the vendors just mentioned (Dreamhost, Squarespace, and Wordpress). Many other vendors offer easy setup, too. Look at the community-maintained list of web hosting providers that support Let's Encrypt. More notably, Let's Encrypt certificate services are free. Yet, some web hosting vendors still charge significant fees for certificates. If you receive some additional authentication or security services, the fees may provide value. (For most non-technical organizations, I suggest you choose—or switch to—a web hosting vendor that supports Let's Encrypt.) SEE: Let's Encrypt free certificate now trusted by major browsers (ZDNet) 3. If you're on shared hosting, you may need an upgrade The certificates won't necessarily work in every hosting setup. In some cases, for example, a web hosting provider will only offer SSL with a dedicated server. That may mean a potential increase in hosting costs. In other cases, the certificate will work, but won't work with certain older browsers. For example, in the case of Dreamhost, you may choose to add a unique IP address to your hosting plan along with your Let's Encrypt certificate. Doing this allows the secure connection to work with certain versions of Internet Explorer on Windows XP, as well as some browsers on older Android devices (e.g., Android 2.4 and earlier). If you're on a shared hosting plan, you may need an upgrade to enable SSL or to support a secure the connection to older browsers or devices. Image: Andy Wolber/TechRepublic 4. Check your login and checkout processes Many sites rely on third-party vendors for registration, e-commerce, mailing list sign-up, and/or event registration. While most trustworthy vendors already deliver these pages over HTTPS connections, verify that is the case. Make sure your vendors offer your visitors the same secure connection your site does. 5. After the switch, check your links Verify that your site links work. Follow your web hosting provider's instructions to make sure that every request for an insecure page (HTTP), redirects automatically to one delivered over a secure connection (HTTPS). You may need to make some additional changes to your content management system. For example, at Dreamhost, you will need to make additional adjustments to Wordpress settings. Gone HTTPS yet? At the time of this writing, we're just two months away from when Chrome begins to deliver more aggressive alerts to warn of insecure pages. Hopefully, you've already secured the necessary pages on your site. But, that's just the first step. For most websites, there's little downside to moving to HTTPS as soon as possible. Have you switched to serving your website from an HTTP to an HTTPS connection? If not, why not? If so, what did you do to enable HTTPS? Tell us in the comments. Click here subscribe to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe Also see Let's Encrypt initiative to provide free encryption certifications (TechRepublic) SSL/TLS certificates: What you need to know (TechRepublic) The TLS/SSL Certifying Authority system is a scam (TechRepublic) Let's Encrypt wants to use open source to simplify the security certificate process (TechRepublic) Symantec SSL certificates now free, reflective true value (ZDNet) Let's Encrypt reaches one million certificate encryption milestone (ZDNet) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Andy Wolber Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Full Bio Contact See all of Andy's content Google+ @awolber × Full Bio Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Why Google Fiber is no longer rolling out to new cities – Washington Post Posted on October 26, 2016 by Washington Post After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy super-fast Internet across the country. The news may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping the search giant would bring … Comcast sues Nashville over Google Fiber lawCNET Google Fiber halts rollout; top exec leavesUSA TODAY Google Fiber Won’t Accept Any New Cities For Its Superfast Internet NetworkNPR Ars Technica -SFGate -Droid Life (press release) (blog) -Slate Magazine (blog) all 188 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Wednesday, October 26, 2016 [Tweets] [Favorites] Google Drops Ban on Personally Identifiable Web Tracking Julia Angwin (Hacker News): And, for nearly a decade, Google did in fact keep DoubleClick’s massive database of web-browsing records separate by default from the names and other personally identifiable information Google has collected from Gmail and its other login accounts. But this summer, Google quietly erased that last privacy line in the sand – literally crossing out the lines in its privacy policy that promised to keep the two pots of data separate by default. In its place, Google substituted new language that says browsing habits “may be” combined with what the company learns from the use Gmail and other tools. The change is enabled by default for new Google accounts. Existing users were prompted to opt-in to the change this summer. And, I guess, new users can opt out. Nick Heer: Google also happens to run the most popular website analytics suite, estimated to be used on tens of millions of websites. They say that they are currently keeping browsing data separate from other Google activity, but they’re leaving the door open for that to change in the future. Google Google Analytics Privacy Web Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2016 Michael Tsai.
Menu Deadline Business Google Fiber On “Pause” As Company Cuts Staff And Unit CEO… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Top Stories Trump Boosts ’60 Minutes’ Ratings On Busy Sunday TV Gwen Ifill Dies: PBS Journalist & Debate Moderator Was 61 by by David Lieberman TV HBO Renews ‘Westworld’, ‘Insecure’ & ‘Divorce’ by by David Lieberman Awards Hammond: Governors Awards Entice Oscar Contenders by by David Lieberman Business Google Fiber On “Pause” As Company Cuts Staff And Unit CEO Steps Aside by David Lieberman October 26, 2016 2:23pm 1 Business Breaking News Corporate Affairs Alphabet Google Fiber Associated Press Google Fiber was a great idea while it lasted. But the search giant now is laying off staff as it says, in a blog post, that it will “pause” its effort to add 10 cities to the eight that have the super-fast broadband service and four where it’s committed to proceed. Related Google Buys Video Sponsorship Facilitator FameBit Craig Barratt, who’s CEO of Access — the unit that includes Google Fiber — says that “this is the right juncture to step aside from my CEO role.” Larry Page, CEO of Google parent Alphabet, “has asked me to continue as an advisor, so I’ll still be around.” He attributes the shift to Google’s focus on “new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today.” The company’s expected to build wireless internet services. Early this month it closed a deal to buy Webpass, which uses point-to-point wireless technology to offer speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second to customers in Boston, Miami, Chicago, San Diego, and San Francisco. Barratt says that he’s “grateful” to cities that sought Google Fiber “for their ongoing partnership and patience” adding that he’s “confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions.” Still, in those cities “we’ll be reducing our employee base.” Google Fiber was seen as a potential threat to cable companies in 2012 when it was introduced in Kansas City. But at the end of June it had just 68,715 video customers nationwide according to U.S. Copyright Office data compiled by MoffettNathanson Research. “If this shockingly low video attach rate is correct, then Google’s economics must have been even worse than we had imagined… which helps explain why Google’s senior management apparently became disillusioned with the strategy so quickly,” the Wall Street firm says. “Without more support from video, even with its lower margins, broadband was largely left alone to support the economics of deployment. That was never going to work.” Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 1 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. WmEe • on Oct 27, 2016 2:32 am I love Google! They’re a wonderful company for lots of things. But in terms of actual cutting edge technology, they were just never even close to being in the same league as Zhone… What those guys are doing over there is just honestly incredible! Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 John Oliver: Donald Trump "Is Not Normal" 2 Critics' Choice TV Nominations Unveiled 3 Alec Baldwin: NBC Execs Killed Any 'SNL' Attempt "To Tell People Who To Vote For" 4 Gwen Ifill Dies: Longtime PBS Journalist Was 61 5 Donald Trump's Steve Bannon Appointment Dominates Early Morning News Cycle 6 Donald Trump "Fine" With Same Sex Marriage, Vague On Roe V. Wade And FBI Director James Comey Future In ‘60 Minutes’ Interview 7 President-Elect Donald Trump's 1st TV Interview Surges ‘60 Minutes’ Ratings, Seahawks Win Scores For 'Sunday Night Football' 8 North Carolina NBC Affiliate Censors Dave Chappelle's 'SNL' Performance - So In Case You Missed It... 9 Kate McKinnon Opens Trumpless 'Saturday Night Live' As Hillary Clinton Singing Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" 10 'The Simpsons' Addresses Its 2000 Prediction Of Donald Trump Presidency Latest Business News Tom Hanks Returning To Cleveland To Help Ohio Film Biz Imax CEO Richard Gelfond Signs New Contract That Runs Through 2019 Federal Judge Makes No Immediate Decision On VidAngel Injunction Jason MacLeod Elected New Head Of Animation Guild Broadway Puts On A Happy Face With 14% Election Week B.O. Leap; ‘Hamilton’ $2.4M ‘Snowden’ Producer Sues Ted Field’s Radar Pictures For Fraud Over ‘Kickboxer’ Remake Loan More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Chris Meloni to Star in Syfy's Happy! Graphic Novel… President Obama Disses Hillary Clinton For Losing Election: 'I… Oreo's new, life-changing candy bars just ruined World Diabetes… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Technology ‘Shazam is always listening’ ‘Trump factor’ impacting on climate talk Millions exposed in sex website hack Model Kendall Jenner quits Instagram Millennia-old mummy uncovered Richie’s surprising quake role Most astonishing photos of the supermoon Worst superbug gene may be inbound technology Samsung Pay adds loyalty card support in Australia, seeks to replace the physical wallet October 26, 20168:44pm Samsung will add a loyalty card feature to its Samsung Pay app in Australia, beating Apple and Google. Jennifer Dudley-NicholsonNews Corp Australia Network Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend SAMSUNG will take another step towards eliminating wallets from our lives today as the company’s digital wallet becomes the first of its kind to add loyalty cards. The South Korean technology giant revealed it would beat rivals Apple Pay and Android Pay to the punch in Australia after signing deals with 19 companies, from chemists to toy stores, to add their rewards cards to Samsung Pay. WALLET DOOM: How Samsung intends to replace your wallet entirely GOOGLE PAY: Google’s payment technology launches in Australia with more banking options Users will also be able to add other loyalty cards to the app, from Coles FlyBuys to Woolworths Rewards, and leave their loyalty cards at home. Samsung Australia adds loyalty cards to its Samsung Pay app today.Source:Supplied Samsung Electronics Australia mobile commerce head Brett Inman said the Samsung Pay addition was part of the company’s larger plan to get rid of the physical wallet. “We’ve been working hard on our wallet replacement capability and the first value-added service we can launch is our loyalty program,” he said. “Everyone is carrying around physical cards but they can now have a digital presence. It can be your gym membership card and so forth.” Mr Inman said Samsung’s loyalty card partners included Chemmart, Lincraft, and Toys R Us, as well as food chains Oporto, Red Rooster, and Gellatissimo. Other loyalty cards using barcodes could be added to the Samsung Pay app, he said, and the app would use a technology called Mobeam to ensure red laser scanners could reliably scan the phone. Mr Inman declined to reveal how many Australians had used Android Pay since its June 15 launch, but said the company had been “blown away by the interest and the amount of registered users”. In addition to supporting loyalty cards in its Australian app, Samsung has promised to expand its banking partnerships and add support for gift cards in future. Samsung Pay currently supports payments from American Express and Citibank credit cards, while Apple Pay accepts ANZ and American Express credit cards, and Google’s Android Pay supports credit and debit cards from 43 Australian banks and credit unions. Add your comment to this story Comments Form Enter your comment here * 1200 characters left Your details Name (as it will appear on the site)* Email Address * Location (optional) Post Options Remember my details Email me if my comment is published News.com.au's Privacy Policy includes important information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (including to provide you with targeted content and advertising based on your online activities). It explains that if you do not provide us with information we have requested from you, we may not be able to provide you with the goods and services you require. It also explains how you can access or seek correction of your personal information, how you can complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles and how we will deal with a complaint of that nature. Submit Jump back to top Right now in technology 235Readers Adult Friend Finder hack: 400 million user details leaked 178Readers Shazam: Mac app keeps your microphone on, even when you turn... 412Readers Supermoon pictures and how to see it in Australia 137Readers Archaeologists discover 3200-year-old mummy in Egyptian tomb 222Readers iPhone 7 burns pregnant Sydney mother after overheating whil... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Google Express Now Covers 90 Percent of US Google Express Now Covers 90 Percent of US By Stephanie Mlot October 26, 2016 02:41pm EST 10 Comments Rival AmazonFresh, meanwhile, announced its expansion into two new cities. Online shopping is one of the great inventions of the 21st century. And thanks to Google Express, even more people can now fill their fridge or wardrobe without leaving the couch. Google is expanding its home delivery service to a dozen new states, covering some 90 percent of the US. It's available to an additional 70 million customers in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Kentucky, Montana, North Carolina, Oregon, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, and Washington. Sign up to browse the digital shelves of Costco, Target, Staples, Toys R Us, Walgreens, Barnes & Noble, Payless, Petsmart, and other popular retailers. Or search by category: grocery, health and beauty, electronics, apparel, sports and fitness, etc. Stock up on everything from cereal and diapers to highlighters and Hot Wheels; even order a bouquet of flowers. Then choose a delivery day, check out using Google Payments, and wait for the doorbell to ring. Google Express members, who pay an annual fee of $95, receive free delivery for eligible orders; for everyone else, delivery starts at $4.99 per store, each of which require a minimum sale of about $15. //Related Articles Order More Folgers, Cheez-Its With the Press of a Dash Button "Our goal with Google Express is to offer a great shopping experience and connect people with their favorite stores," Brian Elliott, general manager of Google Express, said in a statement. "We're very excited to be further expanding our efforts—making it easy for millions [of customers] to get things they need from the stores they love—delivered fast." Amazon, meanwhile, today announced that AmazonFresh is expanding to Chicago and Dallas following recent launches in Northern Virginia, Boston, Baltimore, and London. The e-commerce giant also delivers fruits, vegetables, meat, dairy, seafood, baked goods, beauty products, and household merchandise in Seattle, New York, Philadelphia, Stamford, Trenton, California, and more. Folks can use AmazonFresh for $14.99 per month as a Prime membership add-on. Back to top Previous : Google Fiber Halts Expansion, Lays off Employees Is Skylanders Academy Your Kid's Next Netflix Obsession? Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Nab an NES Classic Edition on eBay...for $10,000 Or, you know, maybe just wait until the $60 mini console is back in stock. More » Facebook to Stop Allowing Advertisers to Target by Race The social network announced new tools to detect and automatically disable ethnic affinity marketing... More » Proposed Emoji Includes 'Face With Open Mouth Vomiting' New faces, foods, animals, people (real and fictional), and articles of clothing could make it into ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Press Esc to close Tuesday 15 November 2016 News updated at 2:54 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 30.9°C Min : 20.2°C In Bengaluru Partially cloudy  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Brave boy regrets his failure to save one more life      Take urgent steps to introduce Rs 500 notes, CM writes to Centre      Banks mock new note swap limit, say yet to get fiat      Transport utilities accept scrapped notes but small change a big pain      Traders, small eateries hit most by currency scrap      Four suspected Maoists surrender in Chikkamagaluru      Siddaramaiah defends Sait over porngate      Kashmir sees sharp decline in stone-pelting cases      Few thrills in first Test      Demonetisation ended terror-funding, stone-pelting: Parrikar      Sebi ups scrutiny amid Tata-Mistry feud      BTI Payments works overtime to take on demonetisation challenges      India and US launch USD 95 mln clean energy projects      No unanimous support to Mistry from Tata Motors' ind directors      Charges on ATM transactions waived till Dec 30      Indian-origin boy commits suicide after being bullied in UK school      4 lakh trucks stranded on highways post note ban: AIMTC      Smoke in cockpit of Dreamliner B787 plane      US teacher suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler      SC to hear pleas on demonetisation of Rs 1,000 and 500 notes      Stalin raises doubts over statement of Jaya      Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing      Cong, 7 oppn parties meet to formulate joint strategy      China cautiously backs India-Japan nuclear deal      Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions      Govt sets up task force to expedite recalibration of ATMs      Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis      Mamata criticises PM over demonitisation remarks      National Herald stages comeback with digital version      Class XII board exams begin peacefully in Kashmir      No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight      7 Pak soldiers killed at LoC; Sharif warns against aggression      Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation      Enough cash available, efforts on to augment note supplies: Das     You are here: Home » City » Google to help cops search fastest way out of jams Google to help cops search fastest way out of jams Jagadish Angadi, Bengaluru, Oct 27, 2016, DHNS The Bengaluru traffic police are all set to introduce a dashboard exclusively developed by Google India for effective coordination to unclog city roads in the shortest possible time. The new system is likely to be introduced by November-end. The first of its kind in the country, Google dashboard will enable users to view and manage personal data collected about them by Google Inc. Recently, representatives of Google India met the traffic police higher-ups and briefed them on the dashboard concept, Additional Commissioner of Police (Traffic) R Hithendra told DH. The dashboard will help the police take preventive and corrective measures to decongest roads in the shortest possible time in case of vehicle breakdowns or wrong parking. “We liked the concept and decided to introduce it,” Hithendra said. A team of six police officers are being trained by Google to handle the new system, he said. All inspectors and assistant and deputy commissioners of police have been told to compulsorily follow it. How dashboard works Google has redrawn an exclusive Bengaluru city map with boundaries of every police station. The dashboard will use the data generated by mobile towers and the Global Positioning System to indicate congestion on roads and at junctions. It also has coordinators named “no congestion”, “less congestion”, “slow moving” and “congestion” to indicate the existing situation on roads. A six-member team at the Traffic Management Centre (TMC) will constantly monitor the dashboard indicators, which are sent to mobile phones of inspectors, ACPs, DCPs and the Additional Commissioner of Police Traffic). The higher-ups will get into action if inspectors on the ground fail to decongest roads within 15 minutes. The TMC staff will guide inspectors to redirect traffic on to less congested roads. Based on the prevailing situation, the TMC staff will advise inspectors to manually operate signals to allow more time for vehicles on heavily congested roads to pass. Predictions about the possible time taken to clear the congestion will be sent to the dashboard by the ground staff. Alerts The police will flash alerts about the congestion and the approximate time for restoring normality on their social media platform to help road users. “The dashboard is one of the ways to help commuters stranded on roads due to congestion. It will help the police keep the traffic moving or circulating. The data will also help in additional deployment at junctions wherever there is a need,” Additional Commissioner of Police (Traffic-Planning) R I Kasim said. Go to Top Tweet Videos Floral tributes paid to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru... Nation Celebrates Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers People talk: cash rush Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes will not be legal tender, says PM Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Thousands take to streets across US to protest Trump victory The matchmakers Trump's victory may deter intl students coming to US: Experts Blood test may identify alcohol disorders in foetus: study Aerobic exercise may improve artery health in diabetics More women sexually active even after 70: study Banks closed today; queues get longer at ATMs So subterranean Modi, opposition battle it out over demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Melania to be 1st foreign-born US First Lady since 1820s Pak summons envoy after 7 soldiers killed in firing Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Bank closure on public holiday escalates 6-day cash crisis PM Modi holds meeting with senior ministers on demonetisation Photo Gallery The 'super moon' rises over Construction building in Bengaluru... Full moon is seen at Cubban Park in Bangalore... The full moon or Supermoon appears red above the sky in Kolkata on Monday evening... The supermoon will be the closest to Earth in Bengaluru on Monday... The 'supermoon', the closest the moon comes to Earth since 1948, rises over La Raza monument... Bollywood actors Anil Kapoor and Mukesh Khanna with Singer Ila Arun at the National Children... Offerings are pictured inside a Gurudwara or a Sikh temple on the occasion of the 547th birth... Foreign tourists take photos of an elephant during an animal fair in Sonepur... A truck rams into the railing of a Gandhi Setu bridge over Ganga river in Patna... Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah paying homage to Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru on his 127th... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Alternative OS security: Mac, Linux, Unix, etc. Operating System Security View All Windows Security: Alerts, Updates and Best Practices Application attacks View All Application Firewall Security View All Database Security Management View All Email Protection View All Email and messaging threats Email Security Guidelines, Encryption and Appliances Vulnerability management View All Configuration Management Planning Patch management Security Testing and Ethical Hacking Vulnerability Risk Assessment Open source security View All Operating System Security View All Alternative OS security: Mac, Linux, Unix, etc. Windows Security: Alerts, Updates and Best Practices Secure SaaS View All Productivity applications View All Social media security View All Software development View All Virtualization security View All Web Security Tools and Best Practices View All Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web Application Security Web Browser Security Web server threats Web Services Security and SOA Security Please select a category Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Security Bytes Android malware delivery is harder than you might think by Michael Heller Senior Reporter About This Blog This blog covers topics across the spectrum of security, privacy and compliance, as well as the people and issues driving enterprise infosec today. Latest Blog Posts Patent race picks up speed in the cloud access security broker market Windows 10 Anniversary update adds headaches for antivirus vendors Netskope nabs another patent for CASB technology See More Share this item with your network: Related Content CAPTCHA-bypassing malware on Android apps found in ... – SearchSecurity User's guide to protecting against Google Android app... – ComputerWeekly Google changes Android policy to tackle malicious apps – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News Got Data? Take Control –Dell Top 5 Questions On Desktop Virtualization and Converged Solutions –Dell See More Vendor Resources Third Annual Juniper Networks Mobile Threats Report –IBM and Juniper When Malware Goes Mobile: Causes, Outcomes and Cures –Sophos, Inc. There is certainly no shortage of infosec headlines mentioning some new Android malware threat. There are banking Trojans, malware that can root your phone, monitor your communication or steal your data. Given the frequency and bombast of the headlines, you might even think that Android is completely insecure and overrun by malicious apps. But this isn’t true for most in the Google world. Download this free guide Download Your Guide to the ISACA CISM Certification Take a closer look at the ISACA Certified Information Security Manager certification, including the value it provides security professionals, how it compares to other security professionals, and what the CSX program offers Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. If you live in North America, Europe, Japan or Australia, your Android device almost certainly uses the Google Play Store for app discovery and installation. Malicious apps are sometimes found in the Play Store, but those are usually  apps with little usage. Plus, Google often will have removed a malicious app from the Play Store by the time you see the news story about the risk. Google’s statistics claim that 0.16% of the apps that users attempted to install from the Play Store in 2015 were found to be malicious. And various studies show that the average Android user only installs about one app per month. Basically, you really need to be unlucky to install a malicious app out of the 2.4 million available in the Play Store. Going outside of the Play Store does bump up your risk factor, but there is still a process to installing a malicious app that news about Android malware tends to gloss over. The vast majority of Android malware is delivered to devices via “side loading,” which is to say the app has to be actively installed by the user outside of the Google Play Store environment. This is not a simple process. In order to be able to side load an app, a user must first go into the device settings and turn on the option to install apps from “Unknown Sources” and tap OK on the dialog that pops up warning the user that side loading apps makes “your phone and personal data more vulnerable to attack.” Then it is a matter of getting the malicious app onto a user’s device. Often, malware is hidden inside hacked versions of popular apps that are hosted on pirate download sites. So if a user wants to get a paid app for free, they might accidentally get malware as well. However, when a user attempts to install a malicious app, Google’s Verify Apps feature kicks in. Verify Apps will present the user with a warning at the time of install (which requires two taps to bypass) and even if a user confirms the installation, Verify Apps can remove apps that register as device admins or disable apps that “compromise the device security model.” Of course, all of this assumes the user has an Android device with Google apps and services on it. Many devices sold in Russia, China and India do not have Google apps and services, which is why Android malware is far more prevalent in those regions. But imagine the process of delivering malware to an Android device when needing to trick the user into downloading it: First, the user is deceived into downloading the malicious app. Then the user would have to find the app on the device (which could even require a file explorer app that is not always present on the device by default), attempt to install it and be warned that the installation cannot happen without changing the “Unknown Sources” setting. The user would have to change the setting, bypass that warning, attempt to install the app again, likely be warned again, bypass that warning and complete the install. At this point, depending on what version of Android the user has, this might mean approving the app permissions at the time of install; or, it might mean opening the app and approving permissions for the app to access the device storage. Even after all of that, Google’s Verify Apps might still step in and kill the app for you or Google’s Safety Net might catch the app attempting to contact a command and control server to download malicious code and shut that down. That’s a complicated process that often gets ignored in the rush to put up a headline about some “dangerous” new Android malware. Just remember: a malicious app can’t appear on your device by magic. So, if you stick with established apps in the Google Play Store and avoid side loading apps, your chances of being infected by a malicious app are close to zero. Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Peter Loshin - 27 Oct 2016 3:51 PM OK, now I feel a lot better about how exposed my Android phone (not much at all) to installing malware -- but what about all those other threats, like the exploding GIFs and DRAMMER? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Cloud DDoS protection: What enterprises need to know DDoS attacks are a continuing problem, and enterprises should consider using cloud DDoS protection services. Expert Frank Siemons... Q&A: Western Union's unique strategy to secure cloud services Mike Bartholomy of Western Union explains how the financial services company has embraced employee use of cloud services and how ... Legacy security tools challenge companies facing cloud migration Traditional security tools designed for data centers don't work well in cloud environments. New approaches are needed, according ... SearchNetworking Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... Cloud-native networking firm Aviatrix wins Network Innovation Award This month's Network Innovation Award winner, Aviatrix, wants to help organizations bridge the spaces between their clouds with ... Facebook's new switching platform completes 100 Gb data center pod Facebook has completed its open source 100 Gb data center pod. The technology for hyperscale data centers includes a ... SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop LANDesk Workspaces helps simplify IT workflows with role-based portals LANDesk Workspaces assigns users one of five profiles, including End User and IT Analyst, to deliver different IT resources and ... Take on Windows 10 Wi-Fi problems and address Wi-Fi Sense Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity is not as straightforward as it sounds. Microsoft moved the Wi-Fi settings and added security risks... How to repair damaged or corrupt Windows system files Windows system files are the lifeblood of the OS. Admins can use tools such as System File Checker and Deployment Image Servicing... SearchCloudComputing Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... OpenStack skills shortage makes deployment an ongoing challenge Enterprises that pursue OpenStack deployments often scramble to find IT professionals experienced with the open source platform. ... Practice cloud resource management to reduce sprawl, cut costs Some organizations go overboard with cloud deployments, paying for more resources than they actually need. Follow these steps to ... ComputerWeekly Insurance brokers hit by second SSP Worldwide cloud outage in less than a week Insurance software house comes under fire from users again, after they run into problems with its cloud service for the second ... Cloud firm dumps Dell, DotHill and NetApp for Tintri hybrid flash Cloud service provider Stratogen struggled with reliable performance in legacy block and file environment, so moved to Tintri ... It’s time to pay attention to mental health IT Technology can play a significant role in mental health, but has been largely overlooked by both initiatives and funding. However... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Eric Brown October 26, 2016 Open Source Operating Systems for IoT iot-1920.jpg This fifth article in our IoT series looks at the many new open source operating systems that target IoT -- it all starts with the OS. Creative Commons Zero Over the past decade, the majority of new open source OS projects have shifted from the mobile market to the Internet of Things. In this fifth article in our IoT series, we look at the many new open source operating systems that target IoT. Our previous posts have examined open source IoT frameworks, as well as Linux- and open source development hardware for IoT and consumer smart home devices. But it all starts with the OS. In addition to exploring new IoT-focused embedded Linux-based distributions, I’ve included a few older lightweight distributions like OpenWrt that have seen renewed uptake in the segment. While the Linux distros are aimed primarily at gateways and hubs, there has been equivalent growth in non-Linux, open source OSes for IoT that can run on microcontroller units (MCUs), and are typically aimed at IoT edge devices. Keep in mind that almost all OSes these day are claiming some IoT connection, so the list is somewhat arbitrary. The contenders here fulfill most of the following properties: low memory footprint, high power efficiency, a modular and configurable communication stack, and strong support for specific wireless and sensor technologies. Some projects emphasize IoT security, and many of the non-Linux OSes focus on real-time determinism, which is sometimes a requirement in industrial IoT. I have generally steered clear of Linux distros that are categorized as “lightweight” but are still largely aimed at desktop use or portable USB stick implementations, rather than headless devices. Still, lightweight Linux distros such as LXLE or Linux Lite could be good choices for IoT. The choices were more difficult with non-Linux open source platforms. After all, most lightweight RTOSes can be used for IoT. I focused on the major platforms, or those that seemed to offer the most promise for IoT. Other potential candidates can be found at this Open Source RTOS site. Not included here is Windows 10 for IoT Core, which is free to makers and supports AllJoyn and IoTivity, but is not fully open source. There are also a number of commercial RTOSes that are major players in IoT, such as Micrium’s µC/OS. Nine Linux-based open source IoT distros Brillo -- In the year since Google released Brillo, the lightweight Android-based distro has seen growing adoption among hacker boards such as the Intel Edison and Dragonboard 410c, and even some computer-on-modules. The future of Brillo is tied to Google’s Weave communications protocol, which it requires. Weave brings discovery, provisioning, and authentication functions to Brillo, which can run on as little as 32MB RAM and 128MB flash. Huawei LiteOS -- Huawei’s LiteOS, which is not to be confused with the open source Unix variant, is said to be based on Linux, but it must be a very lean implementation indeed. Announced over a year ago, LiteOS is claimed to be deployable as a kernel as small as 10KB. LiteOS ranges from MCU-based devices to Android-compatible applications processors. The customizable OS is touted for its zero configuration, auto-discovery, auto-networking, fast boot, and real-time operation, and it offers extensive wireless support, including LTE and mesh networking. LiteOS is available with Huawei’s Agile IoT Solution, and it drives its Narrow-band IoT (NB-IoT) Solution. OpenWrt/LEDE/Linino/DD-Wrt -- The venerable, networking-focused OpenWrt embedded Linux distro has seen a resurgence due to the IoT craze. The lightweight OpenWrt is frequently found on routers and MIPS-based WiFi boards. Earlier spin-offs such as DD-Wrt and the Arduino-focused Linino have recently been followed by an outright fork. The Linux Embedded Development Environment (LEDE) project promises more transparent governance and predictable release cycles. Ostro Linux -- This Yocto Project based distro broke into the limelight in August when Intel chose it for its Intel Joule module, where it runs on the latest quad-core Atom T5700 SoC. Ostro Linux is compliant with IoTivity, supports numerous wireless technologies, and offers a sensor framework. It has a major focus on IoT security, providing OS-, device-, application, and data-level protections, including cryptography and MAC. The distribution is available in headless and media (XT) versions. Raspbian -- There are some other distributions for the Raspberry Pi that are more specifically aimed at IoT, but the quickly maturing Raspbian is still the best. Because it’s the most popular distro for DIY projects on one of the most widely used IoT platforms, developers can call upon numerous projects and tutorials for help. Now that Raspbian supports Node-RED, the visual design tool for Node-JS, we see less reason to opt for the RPi-specific, IoT-focused Thingbox. Snappy Ubuntu Core -- Also called Ubuntu Core with Snaps, this embedded version of Ubuntu Core draws upon a Snap package mechanism that Canonical is spinning off as a universal Linux package format, enabling a single binary package to work on “any Linux desktop, server, cloud or device.” Snaps enable Snappy Ubuntu Core to offer transactional rollbacks, secure updates, cloud support, and an app store platform. Snappy requires only a 600MHz CPU and 128MB RAM, but also needs 4GB of flash. It runs on the Pi and other hacker boards, and has appeared on devices including Erle-Copter drones, Dell Edge Gateways, Nextcloud Box, and LimeSDR. Tizen -- Primarily backed by Samsung, the Linux Foundation hosted embedded Linux stack has barely registered in the mobile market. However, it has been widely used in Samsung TVs and smartwatches, including the new Gear S3, and has been sporadically implemented in its cameras and consumer appliances. Tizen can even run on the Raspberry Pi. Samsung has begun to integrate Tizen with its SmartThings smart home system, enabling SmartThings control from Samsung TVs. We can also expect more integration with Samsung’s Artik modules and Artik Cloud. Artik ships with Fedora, but Tizen 3.0 has recently been ported, along with Ubuntu Core. uClinux -- The venerable, stripped-down uClinux is the only form of Linux that can run on MCUs, and only then on specific Cortex-M3, M4, and -M7 models. uClinux requires MCUs with built-in memory controllers that can use an external DRAM chip to meet its RAM requirements. Now merged into the mainline Linux kernel, uClinux benefits from the extensive wireless support found in Linux. However, newer MCU-oriented OSes such as Mbed are closing the gap quickly on wireless, and are easier to configure. EmCraft is one of the biggest boosters for uClinux on MCUs, offering a variety of Cortex-M-based modules with uClinux BSPs. Yocto Project -- The Linux Foundation’s Yocto Project is not a Linux distro, but an open source collaborative project to provide developers with templates, tools, and methods to create custom embedded stacks. Because you can customize stacks with minimal overhead, it’s frequently used for IoT. Yocto Project forms the basis for most commercial embedded Linux distros, and is part of projects such as Ostro Linux and Qt for Device Creation. Qt is prepping a Qt Lite technology for Qt 5.8 that will optimize Device Creation for smaller IoT targets. Non-Linux Open Source IoT OSes Apache Mynewt -- The open source, wireless savvy Apache Mynewt for 32-bit MCUs was developed by Runtime and hosted by the Apache Software Foundation. The modular Apache Mynewt is touted for its wireless support, precise configurability of concurrent connections, debugging features, and granular power controls. In May, Runtime and Arduino Srl announced that Apache Mynewt would be available for Arduino Srl’s Primo and STAR Otto SBCs. The OS also supports Arduino LLC boards like the Arduino Zero. (Recently, Arduino Srl and Arduino LLC settled their legal differences, announcing plans to reunite under an Arduino Holding company and Arduino Foundation.) ARM Mbed -- ARM’s IoT-oriented OS targets tiny, battery-powered IoT endpoints running on Cortex-M MCUs with as little as 8KB of RAM, and has appeared on the BBC Micro:bit SBC. Although originally semi-proprietary, single threaded only, and lacking deterministic features, it’s now open sourced under Apache 2.0, and provides multithreading and RTOS support. Unlike many lightweight RTOSes, Mbed was designed with wireless communications in mind, and it recently added Thread support. The OS supports cloud services that can securely extract data via an Mbed Device Connector. Earlier this year, the project launched a Wearable Reference Design. Contiki -- With its 10KB RAM and 30KB flash requirements, the open source Contiki can’t get as tiny as Tiny OS or RIOT OS, nor does it offer real-time determinism like RIOT and some others. However, the widely used Contiki provides extensive wireless networking support, with an IPv6 stack contributed by Cisco. The OS supplies a comprehensive list of development tools including a dynamic module loading Cooja Network Simulator for debugging wireless networks. Contiki is touted for efficient memory allocation. FreeRTOS -- FreeRTOS is coming close to rivaling Linux among embedded development platforms, and it’s particularly popular for developing IoT end devices. FreeRTOS lacks Linux features such as device drivers, user accounts, and advanced networking and memory management. However, it has a far smaller footprint than Linux, not to mention mainstream RTOSes like VxWorks, and it offers an open source GPL license. FreeRTOS can run on under a half kilobyte of RAM and 5-10KB of ROM, although more typically when used with a TCP/IP stack, it’s more like 24KB of RAM and 60KB flash. Fuchsia -- Google’s latest open source OS was partially revealed in August, leaving more questions than answers. The fact that Fuchsia has no relation to Linux, but is based on an LK distro designed to compete with MCU-oriented OSes such as FreeRTOS, led many to speculate that it’s an IoT OS. Yet, Fuchsia also supports mobile and laptop computers, so Google may have much broader ambitions for this early-stage project. NuttX -- The non-restrictive BSD licensed NuttX is known primarily for being the most common RTOS for open source drones running on APM/ArduPilot and PX4 UAV platform, which are collectively part of the Dronecode platform. NuttX is widely used in other resource-constrained embedded systems, as well. Although it supports x86 and Cortex-A5 and -A8 platforms, this POSIX- and ANSI-based OS is primarily aimed at Cortex-M MCUs. NuttX is fully pre-emptible, with fixed priority, round-robin, and sporadic scheduling. The OS is billed as “a tiny Linux work-alike with a much reduced feature set.” RIOT OS -- The 8-year old RIOT OS is known for its efficient power usage and widespread wireless support. RIOT offers hardware requirements of 1.5KB RAM and 5KB of flash that are almost as low as Tiny OS. Yet it also offers features like multi-threading, dynamic memory management, hardware abstraction, partial POSIX compliance, and C++ support, which are more typical of Linux than lightweight RTOSes. Other features include a low interrupt latency of roughly 40 clock cycles, and priority-based scheduling. You can develop under Linux or OS X and deploy to embedded devices using a native port. TinyOS -- This mature, open source BSD-licensed OS is about as tiny as you can get, supporting low power consumption on MCU targets “with a few kB of RAM and a few tens of kB of code space.” Written in a C dialect called nesC, the event-driven TinyOS is used by researchers exploring low-power wireless networking, including multi-hop nets. By the project’s own admission, “computationally-intensive applications can be difficult to write.” The project is working on Cortex-M3 support, but for now it’s still designed for lower-end MCUs and radio chips. Zephyr -- The Linux Foundation’s lightweight, security-enabled Zephyr RTOS runs on as little as 2-8KB of RAM. Zephyr works on x86, ARM, and ARC systems, but focuses primarily on MCU-based devices with Bluetooth/BLE and 802.15.4 radios like 6LoWPAN. Zephyr is based on Wind River’s Rocket OS, which is based on Viper, a stripped-down version of VxWorks. Initial targets include the Arduino Due and Intel’s Arduino 101, among others. Zephyr recently appeared on SeeedStudio’s 96Boards IoT Edition BLE Carbon SBC, which is supported by a new Linaro LITE group. Read the previous articles in the series: Who Needs the Internet of Things? 21 Open Source Projects for IoT Linux and Open Source Hardware for IoT Smart Linux Home Hubs Mix IoT with AI Learn more about embedded Linux through The Linux Foundation's Embedded Linux Development with Yocto Project course.   Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (2 likes) 1 Comments Comments terjerunde | October 26, 2016 Permalink "The Linux Foundation’s lightweight, security-enabled Zephyr RTOS runs on as little as 200KB of RAM and 1MB of flash." I'm sure this must be off by an order of magnitude or three? Log in or register to post comments Like Leave this field blank Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS462 Open Source Virtualization November 28, 2016 Learn more LFS311 Advanced Linux System Administration and Networking November 28, 2016 Learn more LFS301 Linux System Administration November 28, 2016 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Helion OpenStack and Cloud Foundry Solution Architect Cloud Administrator OpenStack DevOps Cloud Engineer - 37736 Senior DevOps Engineer See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
ROS LBoard 1 Photo raises fears of troublemakers within Bersih 5 FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Google executives met Indonesian officials to negotiate tax bill Reuters | October 27, 2016 Google Indonesia has said it continues to cooperate with local authorities and has paid all applicable taxes. JAKARTA: Senior executives from the Asia Pacific headquarters of Alphabet Inc’s  Google met Indonesian tax officials on Wednesday to negotiate the internet search company’s tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters. No agreement has been reached yet, said the person, who declined to be named as the information was confidential. A Google spokesman declined to comment. Indonesia plans to pursue Google for five years of back taxes, and the US company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, senior tax official Muhammad Haniv told Reuters last month. Google Indonesia has said it continues to cooperate with local authorities and has paid all applicable taxes. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to reduce its budget deficit and fund an infrastructure program. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on corporate tax avoidance. Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms, the head of the Revenue Department told Reuters last month. Ken Dwijugiasteadi, Indonesia’s director-general of taxes, declined to comment on whether the meeting with Google took place on Wednesday, but told Reuters in a text message: “When the time is right, we will hold a press conference.” The tax office alleges that Google’s local entity, PT Google Indonesia, paid less than 0.1 percent of the total income and value-added taxes it owed last year, with most of the revenue from the country being booked at Google’s Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. The Indonesian tax office has estimated the total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia at around $830 million a year, with Google and Facebook Inc accounting for around 70 percent of that. But a joint study by Google and Singapore state investor Temasek released earlier this year estimated this at $300 million for 2015. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story China to carry out more military drills in South China Sea Syabas bergelut tangani krisis air Explore topics Google, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News PKR official’s car torched in Malacca New charges for first, second class wards from Jan 1 Ringgit may drop to 4.80 to USD, says CIMB analyst Zuraida beri Jamal Yunos tempoh 48 jam minta maaf Santiago slams hike in hospital charges Duterte: If Islamic State comes to Philippines, forget human Photo raises fears of troublemakers within Bersih 5 BN confident of retaining states Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Shafie: Warisan will not join opposition in peninsula ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia Time for M’sia to re-think its economic framework Understanding Trump’s victory over Clinton M’sians far from being an educated society What’s in a name? Kami dah lelah dengan politik Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa 10 tan abu Al-Quran rosak ketika banjir dilupuskan Shafie: Warisan Sabah tidak akan masuk pakatan dari Semenanjung Duterte akan ketepikan hak asasi manusia untuk lawan IS SPRM tahan bekas CEO GLC dipercayai salah guna kuasa, rasuah Tempoh hingga esok bapa mualaf hadir mahkamah Jabatan keselamatan temui 800 eskalator tak selamat di tempat awam More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction Image courtesy of Adam Fagen October 26, 2016 3:48 pm EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc party in the courtroom nashville google fiber comcast The “fun” in Nashville never ends… at least, not for lawyers who enjoy suing the city. They’ve got plenty of work ahead of them, now that Comcast is joining the “let’s sue Nashville to block new competition” club. As Ars Technica spotted, Comcast has filed a lawsuit against Nashville this week seeking to block a recently-passed law that will make it easier for newcomers — specifically, Google Fiber — to string up cables and bring service to town. The law is what’s known as a one-touch make-ready ordinance. What one-touch laws do is make it so anyone stringing up new cables on an existing utility pole can basically do it with one touch: the new folks can literally touch and move an existing cable to make room for their own, as long as they say they will and it doesn’t mess up anyone’s service. Without an ordinance like that on the books, a new company (Google) would need to have someone come out from AT&T and Comcast — any anyone else, like the electric utility — to come handle every single cable that needs moving at all on every single pole in the city they need to access. Basically, Google Fiber will do the work and string up cables in a city that passes such an ordinance, but without a one-touch rule bringing new infrastructure in is annoying and expensive and time-consuming enough that it becomes a no-go. So if one is interested in blocking competition, blocking a one-touch ordinance is an effective way to do it. While Alphabet did announce today that Google Fiber won’t continue expanding into new, “potential” cities it had been exploring, the Nashville project is already well underway. And it’s been a mess for months. The council first got really serious about passing the legislation back in early August, which of course triggered a wave of pushback from the tech and telecom companies already in town: AT&T and Comcast. The Mayor asked the incumbents to come sit down with local lawmakers and hash out a compromise. A meeting was held, but it was basically fruitless. Despite the last-minute appearance of a counter-proposal written by Comcast and AT&T in September, the city metro council still voted to move forward with the one-touch proposal, and the mayor signed it into law. AT&T, meanwhile, had already threatened to sue the city over the law before the ink on the mayor’s signature was even dry. And indeed, the folks over at the Death Star can be as good as their word when it suits them: the lawsuit was filed barely two days later. Fast forward a month, and here we sit, with Comcast finally joining in. Their suit makes similar claims to AT&T’s, asserting that the new ordinance upsets the pre-existing process (…yes…) and is in violation of Comcast’s existing contract with the city in several ways. In a statement to Ars, a Comcast representative said that the company has “been committed to working with local stakeholders on a collaborative solution that improves the pace of broadband deployment in Nashville” from day one, and that therefore the current ugliness is the city’s fault for passing a rule. “Unfortunately, the City Council has chosen to adopt an ordinance that violates existing FCC rules, creates significant safety concerns and increases the likelihood for service disruptions. We prefer a business-to-business agreement that reduces permitting times, eliminates unnecessary requirements, improves field coordination between parties and speeds up the overall rate of make-ready work. One Touch creates enormous problems for consumers that we cannot let stand, and we have no choice but to pursue legal action that protects our customers and our network,” the statement concludes. October 26, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc party in the courtroom nashville google fiber comcast Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related so sue us Nashville Council Adopts Law To Let Google Fiber Come To Town; AT&T Prepares To Sue here we go AT&T Taking Nashville To Court To Try To Slow Down Google Fiber gonna do it anyway Nashville Advances Proposal To Let Google Fiber In Despite AT&T, Comcast Protests everything but the kitchen sink Comcast, AT&T Try Again To Stall Google Fiber In Nashville By Writing Law To Slow It Down leave us out of this FCC: No, Our Rules Are Not An Excuse For AT&T To Block Google Fiber In Louisville Previous French Apple Store Smasher Sentenced, Ordered To Repay $19K In Damages Next SkyWest Airlines Pilot Arrested On Suspicion Of Operating Flight While Intoxicated Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: SkyWest Airlines Pilot Arrested On Suspicion Of Operating Flight While Intoxicated Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Best Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes Sponsor Shocking: Tom Hanks No Longer Has Diabetes Because Of This Home | Newsfront Tags: facebook | says | users | biometric | data Facebook Says Users Can't Stop It From Using Biometric Data Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 04:06 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Facebook Inc.’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission -- big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google declined to comment on pending litigation.  Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users’ personal information from e-mails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed.  This year, the U.S. Supreme Court set a “concrete injury” standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing Thursday in San Francisco over Facebook’s bid to dismiss the biometrics case. Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can’t apply outside the state under the Constitution’s interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn’t regulate photos. For more on the Illinois biometrics law, click here. Facebook encourages users to "tag" people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. While those types of information are mutable -- even Social Security numbers can be changed -- biometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. “Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people,” such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, who isn’t involved in the case. Facebook has “cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database,” he said. And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans -- including mothers. Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement -- in both cases without users knowing it. While most of the earlier privacy lawsuits relied on federal wiretap laws, the facial recognition cases hinge on the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The Illinois residents who sued under the 2008 law say it gives them a “property interest” in the algorithms that constitute their digital identities -- in other words, that gives them grounds to accuse Facebook of real harm. Facebook got the case moved to San Francisco.   “Just as trade secrets or subscriber lists can be proprietary to a company like Facebook, unique and unchangeable biometric identifiers are proprietary to individuals,” according to their complaint. They also claim an “informational injury” because Facebook didn’t get consent to collect their so-called faceprints.  Facebook says the lawsuit should be thrown out because the users haven’t suffered a concrete injury such as physical harm, loss of money or property; or even a denial of their right to free speech or religion. The plaintiffs "have offered no specific or coherent allegations explaining how this collection and storage actually affects their privacy -- much less causes them concrete harm," Facebook argued in a court filing. Facebook offered examples that might work, such as if users were identified in an embarrassing photo that cost them their jobs, were victims of identity theft, or were caught in a compromising situation that harmed their relationships. While one person might be able to bring such a case, a group lawsuit would be impossible because it would “create a sea of individualized issues,” Facebook says. Legal experts say it’s unclear which side will benefit from the Supreme Court’s “concrete harm” ruling in a case involving search engine operator Spokeo Inc. "Spokeo is vague about what kinds of injury are concrete enough to count," said Julie Cohen, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center. "Everybody is scrambling for advantage." Facebook v. Privacy Law December 2005 -- Facebook introduces photo tagging October 2008 -- Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act June 2012 -- Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com September 2012 -- Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 2015-2016 -- Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. May 2016 -- Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain October 2016 -- Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago).   © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Facebook Inc.'s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn't asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos.While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there's... facebook, says, users, biometric, data 993 Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 04:06 PM 2016-06-26 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day as Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Monday, 14 Nov 2016 18:57 PM The stock market's post-election bifurcation sharpened Monday as technology shares extended their worst performance sinc . . . SEC Chief Announces Resgination Amid Trump's Promise to Deregulate Wall Street Monday, 14 Nov 2016 18:16 PM The chief of the Securities and Exchange Commission is resigning before President-elect Donald Trump takes office, which . . . Obama Challenges Trump: Make Obamacare Better, I'll Congratulate You Monday, 14 Nov 2016 17:27 PM President Barack Obama threw a challenge to Republicans as President-elect Donald Trump's administration prepares to tak . . . More Most Commented Defiant Trump Locked in Tight Battleground Races Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 1767 comments TRUMP WINS !!!!!... Ed Klein: Hillary Couldn't Stop Crying, Told Friend She Blames Comey and Obama For Loss Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 1553 comments Did she cry as hard as the Benghazi mothers?... Trump Assassination Threats Mounting on Social Media Saturday, 12 Nov 2016 | 982 comments It further proves how stupid these people are. They provide written proof... Report: Obama Has Not Ruled Out Pardoning Hillary Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 1233 comments I thought the Democrats said she hasn't done anything wrong? Why would you... Trump Vows to Begin Criminal Deportations Immediately Sunday, 13 Nov 2016 | 828 comments The liberals want to accuse Trump of creating a brown shirt deportation... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Best Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Why Google Fiber is no longer rolling out to new cities The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Brian Fung October 26 Follow @b_fung Google Fiber boxes rest on a sofa in the home of Becki Sherwood in Kansas City, Kan., in 2012. Sherwood's neighborhood was the first to receive Google Fiber. (Julie Denesha/Bloomberg News) After rolling out its Fiber product in about a dozen cities, Google is hitting pause on its project to deploy superfast Internet across the country. The news may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping the search giant would bring competition and faster speeds to their area. So, what happened? Here are a few explanations for Tuesday's announcement. (The company didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.) Financial pressure from higher-ups Like many of its siblings in the broader Alphabet family, Google Fiber is likely feeling the heat from top executives who are trying to show investors that their money is being well spent. Remember when Google restructured itself last year? The move effectively divided Google into two parts: the one that makes a lot of money — the core business, which includes search, YouTube and many of the other consumer-facing services you think of when you think “Google”; and the one that spends a lot of money, which includes Fiber, Nest and its famous moonshot lab, X. This second half of the business has been under intense pressure to demonstrate results. That's why Astro Teller, the head of X, had to write a blog post essentially defending his department's reason to exist. It's why Google sought to spin off Boston Dynamics, which was reportedly spending too much time and money building products nobody would buy. And it's partly why there has been controversy surrounding Nest, the smart-thermostat maker. Although chief financial officer Ruth Porat cited Fiber as one of Alphabet's top performers in one of the first earnings calls after the restructuring, it seems as though no part of Alphabet has been able to escape the deeper financial scrutiny that came along with it. Not enough demand Just like Google Glass — the company's ill-fated attempt to build an augmented-reality visor — Google Fiber may be just a little ahead of its time. The thing about Fiber and businesses like it is that most consumers simply can't find a use for that much bandwidth yet. Google Fiber provides gigabit connectivity, which is orders of magnitude faster than what many Americans get in their homes today. Unless you're a corporation that operates a data center or runs a cloud computing business, you probably don't need a gigabit connection. As Vox points out, even the most data-hungry applications — ahem, Netflix — require only a 25 megabits-per-second connection at the most. That's 1/40th the amount of bandwidth a Google Fiber connection provides. Our consumption of broadband is undoubtedly going to increase as we connect more devices to the Internet and those devices communicate in more sophisticated ways. But for now, Fiber is reportedly missing its subscriber goals, indicating there may not be enough demand for that level of service. Big incumbents made Google's job harder Google had an unenviable task in many of its chosen cities: It had to compete with large, established broadband providers who were already there or could benefit from regulations that raised the bar for new entrants. To counter the problem, Google tried something novel. It got cities to compete for Google's favor. The company basically said, “We'll come to your city if you complete this checklist of tasks that will make our lives easier.” If a city proved itself worthy of Google Fiber — by easing the permitting or construction process, for example — then it increased the likelihood that it would be next on the list to receive Google's high-speed service. This arrangement sometimes resulted in cities doing things that the big incumbents didn't like. Louisville, Ky., for example, approved a city ordinance that would have let Google move cables around on utility poles that it didn't own. AT&T sued, saying the move was illegal and violated federal rules. Google responded by accusing AT&T of hindering competition. In Nashville, AT&T and Comcast have sued to defeat a similar measure. These fights are part of a larger battle among industry titans to determine how the market for broadband functions. Under one approach, it's much harder for companies like Google Fiber to get started. Under another approach, it gets easier. The problem for Google is that engaging in these fights can be a costly distraction beyond the substantial expense of laying down high-speed networks. Providing bundled TV is expensive There was another major cost Google had to account for when offering its Fiber service. Americans love their double- or triple-play bundles, which reduce the cost of buying Internet from traditional providers. To get customers to switch to Fiber, Google had to offer a compelling TV service of its own. And that meant doing all the same things a regular cable company does, such as pay channels like ESPN or HBO for their content. The cost of acquiring video content was “the single biggest impediment” to Google Fiber's wider rollout, a top Google Fiber executive, Milo Medin, told an audience in 2014. Compared with more established service providers, Medin said, Google was paying twice as much for video rights — a cost that couldn't be avoided. Wireless broadband is the future Even as Google Fiber pays lots of money to lay down cables and secure access to TV programming, a different type of technology is coming down the pike: wireless fiber. In some respects, you can think of wireless fiber as similar to the 4G LTE you get on your cellphone — it's a wireless way of getting data. But in other ways, it's a totally different ballgame. Verizon's version claims to be 50 to 100 times faster than LTE. AT&T is working on something called AirGig, which envisions a network of wireless hotspots mounted on utility poles that constantly beam out high-speed wireless signals. There are signs that Google is moving in this direction, too. In June, it acquired Webpass, a provider of wireless broadband. Other acquisitions support this theory. And in its announcement Tuesday, Google Fiber said it would be looking at “new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today.” So even if Google Fiber is on hold in its current incarnation, changes in technology may someday reduce the costs Google faces today. Google discussed at length their shift towards creating hardware products in their Google Event held October 4. (Google) business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecommunications and the Internet. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic. Follow @b_fung Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 2 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 3 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 4 Poor people pay for parking even when they can’t afford a car 5 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A Google mystery: The names and bios of the company’s top execs are no longer listed on its website Avery Hartmans Oct. 26, 2016, 4:09 PM 10,408 facebook linkedin twitter email print Alphabet CEO Larry PageJustin Sullivan/Getty Images If you're curious to know who's running the show over at Google and the other Alphabet companies, good luck: Alphabet no longer lists it senior management team on its website. The names of the company's top executives, their headshots, their bios, or any other information that shows who's who inside the various Alphabet subsidiary companies have vanished from the company's website. And it looks like it's been that way for a few months now. There's an old photo of Larry Page and Sergey Brin on the company overview page, but it doesn't list their current titles (Page is the CEO of Alphabet), referring to the pair simply as the founders of Google who met at Stanford back in 1995. It's unusual for a major public company not to post such basic information online, and Google is the only company of its ilk that doesn't display its senior management — Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, and Apple all list their execs publicly. According to a person familiar with the matter, the management bio page is undergoing a redesign.  But there's no word on when the redesigned page will go up. And the previous management page appears to have been taken offline several months ago, based on searches for cached versions of the page kept by the internet archive. Transparency If you needed to know who oversees financial maters for parent company Alphabet (Ruth Porat), or know who the CEO of the core Google internet business is (Sundar Pichai), or if you wanted to get a sense of who is leading businesses like smart home appliance maker Nest, the company's investor relations page won't be of much help. Right now, the company's management page just takes you to an Error 404 page: Google Google and Alphabet have long been criticized by investors for a lack of transparency about the business —  the company still does not disclose financial information about key products, such as YouTube and Android. And Google angered Wall Street for a period of several years by eliminating the customary annual briefings with analysts and investors. When CFO Ruth Porat joined Google in May 2015, she promised that the company would become more transparent. Soon after, she created 15-30 minute "office hours" where analysts could talk with Google's investor relations team.  Improving investor transparency was also part of the reason Google reorganized as Alphabet last year. The shake-up happened with the idea that it would allow all of its businesses to operate more effectively and efficiently, a move the company was said to be considering for four years.  It's not clear why Google decided to take its executive page offline, or when it'll be back up. But after a mini exodus of some of Google's top talent in the past few months, it may look a lot different when it's back online.  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Here are all the companies and divisions within Alphabet, Google's parent company NOW WATCH: The psychological formula that Google uses to build the perfect team Loading video... More: Google Alphabet Larry Page Ruth Porat Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A Google mystery: The names and bios of the company’s top execs are no longer listed on its website A Google mystery: The names and bios of the company’s top execs are no longer listed on its website If you're curious to know who's running the... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google seems to be slowly rolling out Allo version 2.0 +5,875 Andrew Myrick Oct 26th, 2016 Google Allo was released a couple of months ago to much fanfare. The fanfare quickly turned to a bunch of questions after there were features missing (SMS) making the app feel like it was unfinished. Google is starting to push out Allo’s latest update slowly to users, but there isn’t much to write home about. The latest update includes a monochrome variant to your chats, a new splash screen, and Android Wear support. Currently, there isn’t an official changelog of what’s coming to version 2.0, but this is more than likely going to leave some folks unhappy. Although Allo and Google Assistant are handy, it still can’t replace Hangouts in terms of ease of use. Google will need to add SMS support in order to make that a reality. If you haven’t downloaded Allo yet, hit the big button below. If you want to bypass the wait for Google to send the update to your device, head over to APK Mirror and download version 2.0 now. Download on Google Play[Google+] local_offer    Allo   Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (10) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Google high-speed internet on hold for some cities - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP Election 2016 Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER StormTrack9 Weather App 2016 Snowfall Contest School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers OUTDOORS On Wisconsin! Newsline 9 Sports Power 9 Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers Sports Express THINGS TO DO Warm Up Wisconsin Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW Google high-speed internet on hold for some cities Posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 3:32 PM EDT (CNN)-- - (CNN)--People waiting for Google to bring its high-speed internet to their city may have a long wait ahead. Google Fiber is pausing its expansion into new markets. the CEO of Access-- the division that includes Fiber-- announced the news along with his decision to step down in a blog post late Tuesday. Google Fiber is also planning a round of layoffs. According to multiple reports-- more than 100 of its staff will lose their jobs. Google's parent company Alphabet reported losing $859-million dollars in the June quarter from other divisions including Fiber. A company spokeswoman didn't immediately comment on the layoffs. Google first announced plans for Fiber in 2010 promising internet speeds 100-times faster than usual. It's currently providing service in eight cities, including Austin, Salt Lake City and Atlanta. Several other cities were targeted for potential service, but those plans are now on hold. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> Midday Weather November 14th Midday Weather November 14th 18-year-old arrested in prostitution sting 18-year-old arrested in prostitution sting Family speaks out after crash leaves woman in critical condition Family speaks out after crash leaves woman in critical condition Special Olympics bowling state tournament held in Weston Special Olympics bowling state tournament held in Weston Insurance commissioner holds town hall on Affordable Care Act Insurance commissioner holds town hall on Affordable Care Act As the new year approaches, state insurance leaders want to keep the public informed about changes under the Affordable Care Act. More >> As the new year approaches, state insurance leaders want to keep the public informed about changes under the Affordable Care Act.More >> Crash sends two to hospital in Town of Halsey Crash sends two to hospital in Town of Halsey Police dashcam catches moose walking through street Police dashcam catches moose walking through street A deputy for the Lincoln County Sheriff's Department spotted a moose while on patrol in Tomahawk Thursday. More >> A deputy for the Lincoln County Sheriff's Department spotted a moose while on patrol in Tomahawk Thursday.More >> Central Wisconsin veterans group donates $10,000 Central Wisconsin veterans group donates $10,000 SPECIAL REPORT: A Story of Hope SPECIAL REPORT: A Story of Hope MOSINEE, Wis. (WAOW) -What's supposed to be a happy time, took a devastating turn for one Mosinee family. More >> MOSINEE, Wis. (WAOW) -What's supposed to be a happy time, took a devastating turn for one Mosinee family.More >> Sports Express - Level 4 highlights Sports Express - Level 4 highlights    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.

Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google acknowledges 'Halo effect' that some Pixel owners see in photos, will release update to address it Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 26, 2016 36 shares 28 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 0               The camera on the Google Pixel phones has gotten largely positive reviews, but some folks have complained about a lens flare issue with the devices. Now Google has acknowledged the situation. In a post on the Google Product Forums, many Pixel owners are saying that they’re seeing a “Halo effect” in their photos that results in a heavy lens flare. In its response, Google explains that “flare is a property of ALL camera lenses” and that it “can even be used for creative effect — good and bad.” You can see an example of this effect in the lower right corner of the photo below, courtesy of Droid-Life. Google acknowledges that some Pixel owners see this as an issue, and so it will release a software update to improve the effects. Google explains that its working on algorithms that’ll recognize the lens flare, characterize it, and then remove it from the image. You’ll need to use HDR+ mode to see the benefits of this update. Google also stresses that if you’ve got a Pixel, you shouldn’t try to replace it with another Pixel if you’re seeing this issue. Here’s Google’s full announcement on this matter: "First, for some background -- flare is a property of ALL camera lenses. It comes in a ton of different shapes and sizes and can even be used for creative effect -- good and bad :-). The shape, color, amount, etc. of flare is related to dozens of different parameters of the lens structure and inclement light.  However, we have seen reports about this "halo/arc flare". This is the specific kind of flare that appears as a bright/low-contrast arc in the corners of the frame. You can expect a software update in the next few weeks that will improve the effects of this issue. We're working on some algorithms that recognize the halo/arc flare, characterize it mathematically, and then subtract it from the image.  :-)  You will need to use HDR+ to see the benefits of this software. Also, there is no point getting your device replaced thanks to this issue. The Pixel camera's lens structure is very highly controlled -- this means that all Pixels take high-quality images, but it also means all Pixels have the same flare characteristics.  I wrote a post a while ago about how by doing things in software, we are able to make Pixel's camera even better over time. This is one of those ways." Not all Pixel owners are seeing this “halo” flare in their photos, but it’s understandable that those that are would be concerned about the problem. The Pixel phones are flagship smartphones, and they’re priced like flagships, too, so owners want their phones to work as they expect them to. Good on Google for responding to their complaints and addressing them. If you’ve got a Pixel, are you seeing these “halo” flares that other owners are complaining about? Via:  Droid-Life Source:  Google Product Forums Android Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Products mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Previous ArticleT-Mobile wants you to bring the Google Pixel to its network, will give you $325 for doing so Next ArticleSamsung Pay expanding to new countries, adding support for nearby deals and in-app purchases Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Apple AirPods delayed because they're not ready for consumers Why I still pine for iMessage on Android T-Mobile wants you to bring the Google Pixel to its network, will give you $325 for doing so The coolest gadget from this week: Microsoft's Surface Dial View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 6 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 18 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone T-Mobile wants you to bring the Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Several SF election contests still up in the air Half Moon Bay accountant, 70, arrested in embezzlement probe Cover pops off third-rail sparking BART delays News of the Day From Across the Nation, Nov. 15 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade 49ers turn attention to big challenge in Brady, Patriots Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Where finance and technology come together Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do After years building trust, Sleigh Bells explore new sounds The latest from Dear Abby ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Oakland’s Ozumo to close Nov. 20 The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hillsborough estate sees a $70 million cut from original listing Grand 1928 Tudor with solarium and bridge views asks $14 million Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Google-s-Alphabet-fails-at-keeping-executives-10415178.php Google’s Alphabet fails at keeping executives in the house By Mark Bergen Updated 3:28 pm, Wednesday, October 26, 2016 Photo: Patrick T. Fallon, Bloomberg Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat has instilled a sense of financial discipline. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat has instilled a sense of financial discipline. Photo: Patrick T. Fallon, Bloomberg Google’s Alphabet fails at keeping executives in the house 1 / 1 Back to Gallery When Google co-founder Larry Page created Alphabet, he gave three primary reasons: free up the main Internet business from its costly “moonshot” projects; turn those audacious experiments into real businesses; and keep entrepreneurial leaders from leaving. Fifteen months later, that third pillar looks like it’s crumbling. On Tuesday, Craig Barratt, chief executive officer of Alphabet’s Access unit, which runs Google Fiber, announced his departure along with a wave of staff cuts and significant changes to the broadband service’s strategy. Barratt is the third Alphabet CEO to leave since June, and other senior executives have gone too. Google Fiber is the latest Alphabet new business — dubbed Other Bets — to be overhauled. It comes as Page and Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat try to control costs while putting nascent businesses, in sectors such as biotech and robotics, on surer footing. Google, the core digital ads juggernaut, is flourishing, and turbulence at Other Bets may reflect the arrival of fiscal discipline under Porat, who has won praise on Wall Street for her work. Former employees have described how expense and revenue expectations, once rare at the experimental units, have become common since the Alphabet reorganization in August 2015. ALSO Where finance and technology come together Fake news hurts Google, Facebook; PayPal boycott woes Samsung to buy Harman International in an $8 billion bet on cars The turbulence may also highlight deeper problems creating sustainable business models. Google Fiber was one of the two chief contributors to Other Bets, according to the company. (Alphabet does not break out financial metrics for each new business.) The second is Nest, manufacturer of Internet-connected home devices. It has had an even rougher year. Google has been rolling out its super-fast, super-desirable Fiber internet service for about six years now. However, it’s only launched in a handful of markets. Part of that is Google’s hesitance to become a large-scale ISP, but it’s also because wiring up homes for fiber connections is expensive. However, Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt says that if Google can shift to a type of gigabit WiFi technology, the whole process could be much smoother. Media: Wochit Tech In June, Nest co-founder and CEO Tony Fadell left after internal disputes that partly focused on a spending crackdown. Soon after, some Nest employees moved to Google to work in its new hardware division. That included Ana Corrales, Nest’s chief financial officer, who now runs supply chain operations for the hardware division. (A Nest spokeswoman said Corrales continues to be a “shared resource” between the two companies.) The other Alphabet CEO departure was Bill Maris, who stepped down in August from GV, the company’s venture capital arm. Google Fiber’s recast business plan — narrowing its markets to select cities and focusing on wireless technology to deliver broadband — is a retreat from the strategy of two years ago, a former executive said. A person familiar with the company’s plans said that Google Fiber will lay off about 9 percent of its staff and that efforts to bring the service to some cities, including San Jose, would be suspended. Analysts said mounting costs were probably behind the decision. “At some point, Alphabet took a look at this and said, ‘Does the (return on investment) make sense?’” said Mark Hung, a research vice president with Gartner. Capital expenditure for Other Bets hit $280 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting investment in Google Fiber, Porat told analysts. “It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,” said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. Part of the challenge for Fiber was that it couldn’t differentiate itself from its competitors, Hung said. In June, Google Fiber said it would acquire Webpass, which provides high-speed Internet through radio connections that can be cheaper than fiber-optic lines, which often must be laid under city streets. Hung said this type of acquisition could allow Google Fiber to create a unique product, rather than just installing the same fiber-optic technology as others. With some of Alphabet’s more experimental projects, it’s unclear whether there even is a market. Alphabet has drastically pulled back from once-ambitious robotics efforts — trying to sell Boston Dynamics and killing other projects. Its autonomous car project, while a pioneer in the field, has lost key leaders while automakers and startups catch up. And when the business strategy changes, that can cause executives to leave. “If it isn’t what they signed up for, they are going to go where their interests take them,” Nick Parham, a San Francisco career counselor. Those Alphabet executives are highly coveted among companies because they have a “remarkable global perspective on business,” Parham said. “They are extremely attractive on the open market because of the skill set they have developed, and more importantly the experience that they have.” In the past two months, Alphabet’s X research lab, which incubates potential Alphabet companies, lost two other leaders. The latest, Dave Vos, ran Project Wing, a drone delivery service that competes with a similar effort at Amazon.com Inc. Vos’ departure was sudden, and X did not immediately name a replacement. Recent departures may indicate a sharper focus at Alphabet, which investors have demanded in recent years. “Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve,” Barratt wrote in a blog Tuesday about Google Fiber. He said this was the “right juncture” for him to step down as CEO. Alphabet did not name a replacement. Alphabet relies heavily on Google, which brought in 99 percent of the company’s revenue in 2015. Google, which includes Search, YouTube and Maps, continues to show growth in revenue, and as long its advertising business remains strong, investors are willing to stick with the experiments, analysts said. “I don’t think shareholders would have any problems with Google looking further ahead,” said Ali Mogharabi, an equity analyst with Morningstar. San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Wendy Lee contributed to this report. Mark Bergen is a Bloomberg writer. Email: mbergen10@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP TRANSITION Oakland students leave class to march against Trump Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months Megyn Kelly: Trump offered free flights, hotel rooms What the rich are doing to reap Trump's tax bonanza Report: In Obama chat, Trump unfamiliar with president's duties Trump eyes woman, openly gay man for posts Latest News BART delays after cover pops off third rail Warriors’ Kerr: No Klay Thompson trade Almost impossible to turn left on Van Ness Ave. now Several SF election contests still up in the air PG&E shakes up leadership with new CEO Geisha Williams Swinger site hacked, 400M user accounts stolen Pelosi, Dems denounce 'white nationalist' in White House Ga. man guilty of murder in hot-car death of son Bay Area mom describes Uber customer service nightmare Bay Area woman's Uber driver is AOL's 'You've got mail' guy Uber settles major sexual assault case Study finds Uber, Lyft drivers show bias against blacks, women An Uber driver asked to take woman home takes her to motel NFL memes of the week: Look who got the last laugh! Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical PBS journalist Gwen Ifill dies of cancer Rock star Leon Russell dead at 74 New CEO after PG&E shakeup Diablo Canyon shutdown ends up costing PG&E customers after all Today's Gate Features Hillsborough mansion's shocking price cut Post-war San Francisco under construction Ranking every Clint Eastwood film from worst to first SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Kiss rolling papers goodbye with this refillable, reusable... This powerful VPN offers online protection for life — and... Most Popular 1 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 2 Ryan now has the muscle to phase out Medicare — within months 3 Bay Area mom describes days-long Uber customer service nightmare 4 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 5 Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts 6 The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes'... 7 Pregnancy photoshoot at Baker Beach crashed by nude sunbather 8 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 9 Gwen Ifill, ‘PBS NewsHour’ Host, Dies at 61 10 Opponents fight California gun measure, count on Trump View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
null
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 88,467 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 66,969 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 28,683 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 27,655 Veteran journalist Gwen Ifill dead at 61 26,193 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,705 Mom says she's getting death threats over Hillary photo Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Google halts Fiber rollout in some US cities By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 26, 2016 | 3:26pm Modal Trigger A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo, Utah. Photo: Reuters More On: google Google's new music service knows how you feel Google's app is finally going to let you 'unsend' regrettable emails The dystopian future full of self-driving cars is still years away Google adds digital whiteboard to expanding device lineup Alphabet is halting the rollout of its much-talked about high-speed internet service, Google Fiber, in some cities in the United States. The company’s Google Access division, which provides the service, said its chief executive, Craig Barratt, would step down but stay on as an adviser. The division will also lay off some employees in some cities where the service is not fully operational, it said in a blog post on Tuesday, but did not provide further details. Tech news website Ars Technica reported, citing a source familiar with the matter, that the division would lay off about 9 percent of its staff. Google had been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States. “The (blog) post suggests a greater focus on technology and deployment methods, implying a shift toward wireless,” said Stifel analyst Noelle Dilts. Google bought internet service provider Webpass, which uses both wireless and fiber technologies, earlier this year for an undisclosed sum. The rollout of Google Fiber will be paused in Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Jose, and Tampa, Dilts added. However, services will continue in cities where it is already available. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under google ,  google fiber ,  internet Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next I was sexually assaulted — in virtual reality Read Next I was sexually assaulted — in virtual reality Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 88,278 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 66,841 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 28,547 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Now On John Oliver Has A Complete Meltdown Over Trump Election Results SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! How to chat with Google support from your Pixel phone – CNET Posted on October 26, 2016 by CNET Unlike Apple, Google doesn’t have retail stores you can visit should you encounter issues with your Pixel phone. Instead of searching through online forums or Google support pages, you can chat with a Google support representative directly from your … Review: LG’s V20 is a different kind of phone — in a good wayComputerworld LG’s V20 is a huge phone with two clever camerasTechCrunch How To Set Up & Use The Pixel’s Night Light FeatureAndroid Headlines PCWorld -Droid Life (press release) (blog) -BGR -Greenbot all 121 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Slate Sign In Sign Up Google Fiber Cuts Staff, Pauses Operations in Some Cities Google Fiber Cuts Staff, Pauses Operations in Some Cities Slate Sign In Sign Up ASU | NEW AMERICA | SLATE Learn more about Future Tense » Slate Future Tense The Citizen's Guide to the Future Oct. 26 2016 3:11 PM Google’s Super-Fast Fiber-Optic Internet Service Provider Cuts Staff, Pauses Operations By Laura Wagner   The expanision of Google Fiber is “paused.” Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images Google Fiber, the super-fast fiber-optic internet service first announced in 2010, has “paused” operations in 10 cities where it is not already committed and cut its staff, the company announced in a blog post Tuesday. The 10 “potential” Google Fiber cities in which operations have been stopped are: Chicago; Dallas; Jacksonville, Florida; Los Angeles; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Phoenix; Portland, Oregon; San Diego; San Jose, California; and Tampa, Florida. Advertisement The Alphabet-owned company will, however, continue to provide service in eight cities where the fiber-optic internet is already installed: Atlanta; Austin, Texas; Charlotte, North Carolina; Kansas City in Missouri and Kansas; Nashville, Tennessee; Provo, Utah; Salt Lake City; and the Research Triangle in North Carolina. CEO Criag Barratt is also stepping down from his post. According to Ars Technica, 9 percent of Google Fiber employees will be laid off. The site adds that Google Fiber’s plans to build in Huntsville, Alabama; Irvine, California; San Antonio; and Louisville, Kentucky will proceed. In the peppy blog post titled “Advancing our amazing bet,” Barratt promises that this is not the end of Google Fiber, saying it must “continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve.” He wrote: We have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives. It entails us making changes to focus our business and product strategy. Importantly, the plan enhances our focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today. Google Fiber launched five years ago in Kansas City. In 2013, Farhad Manjoo wrote in Slate that the powerful residential internet connection was awesome, but ultimately unnecessary: During my time in Kansas City, I spoke to several local businesspeople, aspiring startup founders, and a few city boosters. They were all thrilled that Google had come to town, and the few who’d gotten access to the Google pipe said they really loved it. But I couldn’t find a single person who’d found a way to use Google Fiber to anywhere near its potential—or even a half or quarter of what it can do. It was even difficult to find people who could fully utilize Google Fiber in their imaginations. As hard as people tried, few could even think up ways to do something truly amazing with the world’s fastest Internet. Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. Laura Wagner is a reporter in Washington, D.C.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
null
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Mobile Phones Motorola The Base Google Pixel XL 32GB Costs Approximately $285 to Make The Base Google Pixel XL 32GB Costs Approximately $285 to Make Categories Mobile PhonesAuthor by Chris Black October 26, 2016 1,130 0 Google’s new line of droids are all the rage nowadays, but do you know that the base Google Pixel XL, the 32 GB version that is, costs only $285 to make from scratch? And that’s the situation with the iPhone 7 and the Galaxy S7 also (give or take)? These prices are determined by bill of material (BoM) experts and they include both assembly costs and the components costs. Today’s news is that IHS Markit experts performed a preliminary tear-down of a Google Pixel XL and they discovered to no-one’s surprise actually, that the manufacturing costs of Google’s droid are pretty much in line to those of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and the iPhone 7. While the total bill of material costs are under $300, the full price/un-subsidized for a Google Pixel XL is $769 and the same story goes for Samsung’s and Apple’s flagships. The report about the Google Pixel XL 32GB is fresh, as it was released today, but you should be aware of the fact that the difference between the retail price and the BoM cost doesn’t translate into pure profit for Google, Apple or Samsung. The idea is that BoM prices don’t include the money spent by the company’s Research and Development team, the marketing costs, the software , taxes and the whole nine yards. These are another story altogether. For a laser-accurate comparison, the Galaxy S7’s BoM cost is $255 while the iPhone 7’s is $224,80. Thing is, the Google Pixel XL is bigger than these two, which translates into a bigger display, a bigger battery and as a logical consequence, a bigger BoM cost. The most expensive part in the Google Pixel XL is obviously the display, which is a Samsung made AMOLED variety protected by Gorilla Glass 4 and it comes with a $58 price tag. The Qualcomm Snapdragon system on chip is second-priciest at $50. The battery made by LG Chem is surprisingly cheap, at $4 per 3450 mAh, the cameras cost under $18 (both) while the Samsung made UFS 2.0 NAND memory chips together with the RAM are priced at $26. Source Tags googleGoogle Pixel XLiPhone 7Samsung Galaxy S7 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: HTC Hot Deal puts shaves $150 off the HTC 10 for a limited time Next article Next post: iPhones Can Be Hacked By Opening a PDF, JPEG image or Font File Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more YotaPhone 2 Dual Screen Smartphone On Sale at $119,99 Verizon Black Friday 2016 ad leaks with mobile deals Huawei P10 Shows Up on GFXBench Revealing Specs OnePlus 3T To Be World's First Smartphone With 8 GB of RAM OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing Moto Turbo 3 Renders Surface on Weibo OnePlus 4 Rumored Again With Dual Cameras, 8 GB of RAM and More UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review Vivo V5 and V5 Plus Rumored to Boast 20 MP Selfie Snapper Recent Comments Chris Black on UMi-BTS3 Bluetooth Speaker Review November 13, 2016 Chris Black on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 PETER TYSOE on WP 10 VR Alcatel Idol 4S Rolling via T-Mobile for $469,99 November 11, 2016 maricio on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 kamal on UMi Plus E announced with 6GB of RAM and Helio P20 November 10, 2016 Slider Widget Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14, 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14, 2016 iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 14, 2016 Samsung Galaxy C7 price listed at $459 in the United States November 14, 2016 Ulefone Armor gets listed with the IP68 tag and 3GB of RAM November 14, 2016 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts Samsung Black Friday 2016 deals include Tablets, TVs and more November 14 2016 OnePlus 3T price revealed through early retail listing November 14 2016 iPhone 8 Edge appears in Concept Renders with unique Design November 14 2016 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
TechTech Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login High Definition Digital Whiteboards Score 5.7 More Stats +/- Paper-Replacing Whiteboard Notebooks Smart Whiteboard Markers Whiteboard Marker Styluses Writable Whiteboard Timepieces Instant Touchscreen Devices 53Similar Photos The Google Jamboard Modernizes Workspace Collaboration By: Joey Haar - Oct 26, 2016 References: blog.google & techcrunch The Google Jamboard is the tech giant's latest attempt to improve efficiency and collaboration in the workplace. While consumers might be used to Google software that fulfills that purpose, the Google Jamboard is hardware that rethinks an office standard: the whiteboard. The Jamboard is a 55 inch touchscreen with 4K resolution. It also comes with built-in speakers, HD camera, and Wi-Fi. Further, the Jamboard includes a stylus and eraser that are automatically recognized by the system through the touchscreen, eliminating the need for batteries or pairing. The product was designed to go hand in hand with G Suite, Google's collection of business-based apps (which were formerly known as Google Apps for Work.) It allows users to pull up work from Google Docs, Sheets, or Slides, as well as images or content from the internet. #1 INNOVATION KEYNOTE VIDEOS Join 5,000,0000 people getting Better & Faster w/ Jeremy Gutsche's Innovation Keynotes ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Custom Services Keynotes & Workshops Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Innovation Conference Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report High-Tech Whiteboard ErasersThe Erascan Saves Erased Notes and Doodles to a Built-In Memory Card Collaborative Sketching AppsThe 'Lotus' App Lets Remote Users Draw on the Same Virtual Page Whiteboard-Sharing SystemsThe Kaptivo System Can Be Mounted Above Any Dry-Erase Whiteboard Collaborative Conference BoardsThe MC Square is a Modular White Board, Ideal for Cooperative Work 35 Task Management InnovationsFrom Student Collaboration Networks to Productivity-Focused Apps Top 65 Multimedia Trends in AugustFrom Tech-Based Reality Shows to Evangelical Streaming Services Stats for High Definition Digital Whiteboards Trending: This Month & Warm Research: 143 clicks in 2 w Interest: 1 minutes Concept: Google Jamboard Related: 69 examples / 53 photos Segment: Neutral, 18-55 Comparison Set: 25 similar articles, including: smart whiteboard markers, paper-replacing whiteboard notebooks, and whiteboard marker styluses. Related Reports: Television Report, Tech Hardware Report, Telecom Report, Musician Report, Appliance Report SCORE: 5.7 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 27 time: 0.1212 , e-time: 0.1237
North America: +1-866-798-4426 APAC: +61 (0) 2 9191 7427 Europe: +44 (0) 20 3411 8378 Contact Login Careers Client Support Official Pythian Blog search ✕ Solutions IT Business Solutions Data Enablement Software Velocity Reliable, Scalable IT Professional Services IT Strategy + Consulting Services Implementation Services Managed Services Technology Practices Advanced Analytics Big Data Cloud Databases DevOps Infrastructure Management Technologies Amazon Web Services Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform Cassandra Hadoop MySQL Oracle Oracle EBS Microsoft SQL Server Resources Overview White Papers eBooks Webinars Data Sheets Articles Presentations Videos Clients About Leadership Team Board of Directors Experts Careers Partners Social Responsibility Pythia Index Newsroom Events Worldwide Offices Contact Blog CONTACT US Insight and analysis of technology and business strategy Subscribe Privacy Policy Business Insights Technical Track Pythian Life Going PaaS? Think Google Cloud Platform for big data. by Vladimir Stoyak October 26, 2016 Posted in: Business Insights Tags: google cloud platform While a lot of companies still think of cloud in terms of infrastructure-as-a-service—virtualized, distributed hardware that brings agility and cuts costs—more and more are branching out to explore other “as-a-service” flavors. For enterprises that want to simplify and speed up application development, platform-as-a-service (PaaS) offerings are an increasingly compelling choice—despite potential concerns about “black box” solutions or vendor lock-in. So if you know you want to go the PaaS route, when would Google Cloud Platform be a good option? The logical time to start looking at Google Cloud Platform would be when you know you’re going to be working with big data. Google’s storage is inexpensive and available completely on demand, so you don’t have to plan ahead. You can get as much or as little space as you need and pay only for what you use. And it’s easy to transfer data to Google Cloud Platform from other storage, whether in another cloud or on premises. Once your data is in the Google cloud, Google—like other providers—has a fair array of tools to help you process it. But here again, where Google really stands out is on scale. You don’t have to provision clusters; you just start them up when you need them and shut them down when you’re done to handle any volume of data. This on-demand processing power can go a long way toward minimizing costs, particularly since Google charges by the minute instead of by the hour. So if you’re working with big and variable volumes of data, Google Cloud Platform has a lot of value to offer. At Pythian, we advise clients to stage their Google migrations—to keep them manageable, to allow for a bit of “tire-kicking” to get a sense of what the Google PaaS can do and how it behaves, and most importantly to ensure a seamless and successful transfer of data. I’ll write about that further in my next post. In the meantime, if you’re learning about how Pythian can help leverage the power of Google Cloud Platform to manage, mine, analyze, and utilize your data, and improve business outcomes, visit our Google Technology page. email Related posts: Google Cloud Platform Can Help You Work With Complex Data What New Storage Classes from Google Mean for Your Business Want to talk with a technical expert? Schedule a tech call with our team to get the conversation started. About the Author Vladimir Stoyak Big Data Principal Consultant Vladimir is currently a Big Data Principal Consultant at Pythian, and well-known for his expertise in a variety of big data and machine learning technologies including Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, Flink, Hbase, and Cassandra.As a big data expert with over 20 years of global experience, he has worked on projects for enterprise clients across five continents while being part of professional services teams for Apple Computers Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc., and Blackboard Inc.Throughout his career in IT, Vladimir has been involved in a number of startups. He was Director of Application Services for Fusepoint (formerly known as RoundHeaven Communications), which grew by over 1,400% in 5 years, and was recently acquired by CenturyLink. He also founded AlmaLOGIC Solutions Incorporated, an e-Learning Analytics company. 1 Comment. Leave new Tom Elkijar October 29, 2016 6:17 pm 100% agree that Big Data PaaS is absolutely the way to go for net-new developments (where possible), whereas IaaS deployments of say Hadoop (for example) is best for lift/shift or when quite simply you just need a VM (for some other specific software reasons) However unfortunately the rest of this article is misleading at best, and Google advertising at worst. “Goggle’s storage is inexpensive and available completely on demand, so you don’t have to plan ahead.” Yes, all public cloud storage vendors have incredibly cheap storage (in many ways this is the whole driver of public cloud) and all of the them are on demand. “You don’t have to provision clusters; you just start them up when you need them and shut them down when you’re done to handle any volume of data. ” Huh? Other public providers do this too! For example Azure has Data Lake, and HDInsight (which includes HBase, Storm, Spark and R-Server). Both are PaaS. Both on demand. Both pay per use only. For example – if I am using Azure I can spin up / down entire clusters in minutes! “Goggle’s charges by the minute instead of by the hour” Yes, well, only AWS charge by the nearest hour. If using Azure its also by the minute. And how about regional support? Here in Australia Azure is across multi-regions, and AWS has multiple DC “zones” in same region (however this non-geo located design recently had major downtime). Google runs a similar design to AWS and could suffer the same single-region issues. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow Pythian Pythian helps companies adopt disruptive technologies to advance innovation and increase agility. Pythian Expertise Related Posts Google Cloud Platform Can Help You Work With Complex Data What New Storage Classes from Google Mean for Your Business Popular Business Insights Posts Do You Know Your Customers? The Truth Behind Millennial Shopping Habits 27,294 views 7 Best Practices for Preparing Your Database for Black Friday 24,978 views Pythian Raises $6 Million to Help Retailers Eliminate Data Security Breaches 14,650 views Watch: Hadoop vs. Cassandra 8,396 views Privacy Policy Innovate today with Pythian. column 1 IT BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Data Enablement Software Velocity Reliable, Scalable IT TECHNOLOGY PRACTICES Advanced Analytics Big Data Cloud Databases DevOps Infrastructure Management PROFESSIONAL SERVICES IT Strategy + Consulting Services Implementation Services Managed Services column 2 TECHNOLOGIES Amazon Web Services Cassandra Microsoft Azure Google Cloud Platform Hadoop MySQL Oracle Oracle EBS Microsoft SQL Server CLIENTS RESOURCES Resources White Papers eBooks Webinars Data Sheets Articles Presentations Videos column 3 ABOUT About Leadership Team Board of Directors Experts Careers Social Responsibility Pythia Index Newsroom Events Worldwide Offices Contact BLOG © Copyright 2016 The Pythian Group Inc. ®ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. PYTHIAN®, LOVE YOUR DATA®, and ADMINISCOPE® are trademarks and registered trademarks owned by Pythian in North America and certain other countries, and are valuable assets of our company. Other brands, product and company names on this website may be trademarks or registered trademarks of Pythian or of third parties. Use of trademarks without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 70 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 14, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 14, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 70 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Google Fiber pulling back, but not in Salt Lake City or Provo By TONY SEMERAD | The Salt Lake Tribune First Published Oct 26 2016 12:48PM    •    Last Updated Oct 26 2016 05:21 pm (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City sees the beginnings of Google Fiber's scorching-fast gigabit service during a grand opening-type event at their offices in Trolley Square, referred to as Fiber Space, on Wednesday, Aug. 23, 2016. (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake City sees the beginnings of Google Fiber's scorching-fast gigabit service during a grand opening-type event at their offices in Trolley Square, referred to as Fiber Space, on Wednesday, Aug. 23, 2016. Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (3) Google's parent company is scaling back its plans to bring high-speed internet to several U.S. cities, but a spokesman said Wednesday the moves won't affect operations in Salt Lake City or Provo. In a blog post late Tuesday, the head of Access, the Alphabet division that includes Google Fiber, announced the company would halt operations in "potential Fiber cities" and lay off employees in offices across the country. Access CEO Craig Barratt also said he was stepping down. His resignation came amid reports the five-year initiative to deliver gigabit-speed fiber-optic access in select cities had failed to meet financial and subscriber-recruitment goals. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Barratt's blog post said Access would change its "business and product strategy," hinting at a shift to wireless technologies as the company seeks to lower costs and speed up deployments. Barrett said Google Fiber will continue service in cities where it is already operating, including Atlanta; Austin, Texas; Charlotte, N.C.; Kansas City, Mo.; Kansas City, Kan.; Nashville, Tenn.; Provo; and Salt Lake City. "Google Fiber isn't leaving Salt Lake City or Provo," a company spokesman in Utah's capital said. "We're still thrilled to be your neighbor and continue to offer superfast Internet to residents." Google Fiber acquired Provo's existing high-speed network, dubbed iProvo, in 2013 and has been running it since. In August, after more than two years of talks, study and network construction, the company launched its gigabit service — with optional TV and phone service — over a 112-block area of central Salt Lake City. The Mountain View, Calif.-based technology company has since opened sign-ups in southern portions of Sugar House and says it will extend that to northern Sugar House neighborhoods before year's end. But Access is "going to pause" operations in eight U.S. cities where the company had been holding exploratory talks with local leaders, Barratt said. That includes Dallas; Jacksonville and Tampa, Fla.; Los Angeles; Oklahoma City; Phoenix; Portland, Ore.; and San Jose, Calif. Industry reports said Access would lay off up to 9 percent of workers in those cities. Barratt, who will stay on in an advisory role to Alphabet CEO Larry Page, said Access was refining its plans to "focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast internet more abundant than it is today." tsemerad@sltrib.com Twitter: @TonySemerad   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 3 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances Utah football: Oregon is struggling, but Utes still see a dangerous team (with video) BYU football: Injuries at running back testing Cougars' depth ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What to Expect When Alphabet, Inc. Reports Earnings Can the internet-search juggernaut beat expectations again in the third quarter? Steve Symington (TMFSymington) Oct 26, 2016 at 1:20PM IMAGE SOURCE: ALPHABET, INC. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to release third-quarter 2016 results this Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, after the market close. With shares up 9% over the past three months (as of this writing) thanks largely to a stellar second-quarter report in July, what can investors expect to hear from the internet-search behemoth this time? Alphabet's headline numbers This will mark Alphabet's fourth quarterly report since it began breaking out its results on a segment basis earlier this year. Alphabet instituted the practice after reorganizing last October to become the holding company of Google and its operating subsidiaries, and -- to borrow the company's words -- "to bring increased focus, accountability, and transparency" for investors who wish to know more about those varied businesses. Much to the chagrin of analysts, however, Alphabet doesn't make a habit of providing specific financial guidance each quarter. So while we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's near-term demands, note that consensus estimates predict Alphabet will grow revenue 18.1% year over year, to $22.05 billion, and generate earnings of $8.64 per share (up from $7.35 in last year's third quarter). Within that, we can expect Alphabet to divide its report into two primary segments, namely Google and "Other Bets." On Google If Alphabet were an apple right now, Google would be its core and most of the flesh. But this shouldn't be terribly surprising, considering Google encompasses results from nearly every well-known product Big G has innovated, from Search to Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail. As such, last quarter Google represented more than $21.3 billion of Alphabet's $21.5 billion in total revenue. And as operating margin for the segment expanded 100 basis points year over year, to 32.8%, Google generated operating income of just under $7 billion. Digging deeper into those totals, the vast majority of Google's revenue comes from advertising, which grew 19.5% year over year in Q2, to $19.1 billion. Alphabet should further break that down this quarter into both ad revenue that came from its own websites (up 24.2% last quarter, to $15.4 billion), and the amount derived from Google Network Members' sites (up 3.4% in Q2, to $3.74 billion). In recent quarters, Google has largely credited that growth to progress in monetizing mobile search, as well as rapid increases in revenue from YouTube. Relatedly, listen for metrics on the volume of aggregate paid clicks (up 29% year over year last quarter), and aggregate cost-per-click, the latter of which measures how much Google makes per ad. But keeping in mind cost-per-click declined 7% last quarter, don't be surprised if it continues that downward trend. In part, this is a consequence of that outsized growth from YouTube, where Google's TrueView ads reach consumers early in the purchase funnel, so tend to monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based impressions. We also can't forget about Google's non-advertising products, including Apps, Commerce, Cloud, and hardware products. Collectively, these sources saw sales increase last quarter by one-third year over year, to $2.3 billion. This quarter, I'm particularly interested to hear about consumers' early reactions to Google's new Pixel smartphone. Everything else On the other side of Alphabet's fence is its decidedly unprofitable -- but ripe with long-term potential -- Other Bets segment, which includes Fiber (high-speed internet), Nest (connected home products), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), self-driving cars, and X ("moonshot" initiatives). With the exceptions of Nest, Verily, and Fiber, which together helped Other Bets revenue rise last quarter 150% year over year, to $185 million, Alphabet's other bets are primarily pre-revenue businesses that seek to solve novel problems across multiple industries. As a result, that revenue translated to a segment operating loss of $859 million last quarter alone. But we also shouldn't judge Other Bets' results by viewing each quarter in isolation. Because these efforts are early-stage, can be hugely affected by one-time items like new partnerships, and operate in disparate industries, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat will almost certainly reiterate her assertion that it's most "instructive" to view Other Bets with at least a 12-month time frame in mind. That's fair enough; given their considerable potential to meaningfully change the way we do things -- and, of course, with the financial resources and cash flow provided by Alphabet's massively profitable Google segment -- Alphabet can afford to thoughtfully invest in these young businesses. In the end, barring any negative surprises from its usually stable core business, I suspect this week's report will contain little to fundamentally alter Alphabet's compelling growth story. But that won't stop us from digging in to better understand Alphabet's progress in continuing to generate long-term value for shareholders. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Steve Symington (TMFSymington) As a technology and consumer goods specialist for the Fool, Steve looks for responsible businesses that positively shape our lives. Then he invests accordingly. Enjoy his work? Connect with him on Twitter & Facebook so you don't miss a thing. Follow @TMFSymington Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 1:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Google Google Fiber to cut jobs and halt expansion of US internet service Ambitious – and expensive – high-speed internet program will stop plans to expand to new cities as business reportedly under pressure to cut costs A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo, Utah. Photograph: George Frey/Reuters Associated Press in San Francisco Wednesday 26 October 2016 14.11 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.24 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Google’s parent company is halting operations and laying off staff in a number of cities where it once hoped to bring high-speed internet access by installing new fiber-optic networks. The company also announced that Craig Barratt, a veteran tech executive who led the ambitious – and expensive – Google Fiber program, is stepping down as CEO of Access, the division of Google’s parent company, Alphabet, that operates the five-year-old program. Google’s ad tracking is as creepy as Facebook's. Here’s how to disable it Read more In a statement, Barratt said Google Fiber would continue to provide service in a handful of cities where it’s already operating, including Atlanta, Austin and Charlotte. But it will pause further plans in at least eight more metropolitan areas where it has been holding exploratory talks with local officials. Those include Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Dallas, Tampa and Jacksonville in Florida, Portland in Oregon and Los Angeles and San Jose in California. Barratt didn’t say how many jobs would be cut. His statement described the Access business as “solid”, but said it would make “changes to focus our business and product strategy” and incorporate new technology. A recent report by the tech news site the Information said the business was under pressure by the Alphabet CEO, Larry Page, to cut costs after failing to meet financial goals, including a target of signing up five million subscribers. Barratt said he would continue to serve as an adviser to Page. More news Topics Google Alphabet Internet Telecoms Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Google Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » HC directs Google, YouTube to give user details HC directs Google, YouTube to give user details October 26, 2016 22:58 IST YouTube and Google filed a memo in the high court before the division bench stating that the IP address of the user resolved outside of Indian jurisdiction and as per prevailing Indian law they are not in a position to provide user details The Madras high court has directed Google and its subsidiary YouTube to provide details, including identity and address, of a user 'Marupakkam Seithigal', who posted a video content dubbed defamatory by petitioner Lebara Foundation. The court dismissed an appeal by Google and YouTube against the order of a single judge who directed them to disclose the IP address and other details of the uploader of the content in the title 'Marupakkam Seithigal' on YouTube about Lebara. "The learned Single Judge has noticed, and in our view rightly so, that it is not some secret information affecting such personal rights of the undisclosed author of Marupakkam Seithigal which are sought to be made available in pursuance of the directions of the court, but only the identity and address so that the court can take appropriate process to determine the rights of the Lebara Foundation, and the author of Marupakkam Seithigal," the division bench said. YouTube and Google filed a memo in the high court before the division bench stating that the IP address of the user resolved outside of Indian jurisdiction and as per prevailing Indian law they are not in a position to provide user details. Rejecting the argument, the division bench said, "We are of the view that the minimum which is required to be done when the portal is used for materials which are prima facie offensive is to disclose the identity and IP address in pursuance of the direction passed by the single judge. Instead, YouTube and Google want Lebara to go through a circuitous route which is not necessary." "Appellants having provided the portal and the platform to the respondent this is a minimal assistance which is required," it said. Originally the Lebara Foundation filed a civil suit to remove the video posting in the page of 'Marupakkam Seithigal' on YouTube and also sought for a permanent injunction restraining them from uploading the defamatory material. Photograph: Mark Blinch/Reuters © Copyright 2016 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. Tags: Marupakkam Seithigal, Google, Lebara Foundation, HC, Madras Share this Write a Comment Print this article   MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED Ready for Supermoon tonight? Click and share with us 'I didn't like Bani's attitude in Bigg Boss 10' England's best performance in my tenure: Coach Bayliss You don't need money to have fun! Support India on terror, ours not a friendship to hide: Israel Prez Currency ban 'biggest swachh abhiyan': PM Modi in Japan Demonetisation: Centre increases limits on note exchange, withdrawal Day 4: India continues to stand in queue as banks work on Sunday On Day 3, people 'endlessly wait' outside banks and ATMs for cash States have right to levy entry tax on goods: SC Jaitley regrets inconvenience, urges patience in changing notes Marie Antoinette and Paytm in Modi's India Only 10 people knew of the 500/1,000 plan Pay up to Rs 8,500 extra per air ticket so that aam aadmi can fly! Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google says demand for Pixel phones has exceeded expectations undefined Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 26, 2016 91 shares 80 11 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google officially revealed its first smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, earlier this month, and so far the consumer reaction to the devices has been even better than Google expected. Google says that demand for the Pixels has exceeded its expectations. “We’re thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations,” the company told 9to5Google. “We’re working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.” Looking at the Google Store, stock of the Pixel and Pixel XL is pretty depleted. Several models are listed as “Out of stock”, including all versions of of the Really Blue phones. The models that are available for purchase are’t expected to ship for another three to four weeks. The reception to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL seems to be positive so far, and consumers appear to have responded to it well. That’s good news for Google, who is pushing the Pixel phones heavily with a major marketing campaign. Here’s to hoping that Google can catch up to the demand for its Pixel phones so that folks that want to get their hands on one of Google’s first handsets don’t have to wait weeks to do so. If you’re interested in Google’s Pixel phones but haven’t yet gotten one, you can check out our hands-on with the Pixel XL right here. Source:  9to5Google undefined Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Products mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Next ArticleSamsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 recall, blames faulty battery Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Microsoft is an exciting company to watch again Google acknowledges 'Halo effect' that some Pixel owners see in photos, will release update to address it Apple AirPods delayed because they're not ready for consumers Why I still pine for iMessage on Android View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 5 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 18 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone T-Mobile wants you to bring the Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.

null
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Google Fiber halts rollout, top exec leaves Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY , KHOU 11:37 AM. CDT October 26, 2016 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Google Fiber is halting its rollout in 10 cities and laying off staff as its chief executive Craig Barratt steps down, dealing a major setback to the Internet giant's ambitions of blanketing the nation in super-speedy Internet. Barratt, CEO of Alphabet's Access division who runs Google Fiber, said in a blog post that he would stay on as an adviser. Fiber is changing its business and product strategy to focus on new technology and deployment methods "to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today," Barratt said. Cities that have begun to roll out Fiber will continue. But, said Barratt, operations will pause in "potential Fiber cities" where Fiber has been in exploratory discussions. "We’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions. In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base," Barratt wrote. Google Fiber is in eight metropolitan areas and is committed to building in another four. It has been rethinking how it delivers speedy broadband access, shifting to wireless, a less expensive alternative to digging up streets and laying down fiber cables. Fiber is striving to bring Internet speeds of one gigabit per second to cities around the country, but progress has been slow. Fiber recently said it would buy Webpass, which delivers its services to homes and businesses  by sending data between transmitters installed on top of buildings. Fiber is looking at a combination of Webpass, its own wireless technology and leases of existing fiber and municipal broadband networks to accelerate its expansion to supplement its efforts to deliver fiber-optic cable to each home and business it serves. Google Fiber is part of Alphabet's Access division created in the corporate restructuring of Google as Alphabet. On recent earnings calls with analysts, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Google and Alphabet, defended the investment in Google Fiber, which is the most expensive division inside Alphabet apart from Google itself. "Alphabet seems to have been rethinking lots of its non-core activities and either focusing them more narrowly, divesting them, or making other changes. It feels like this is the latest shoe to drop," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research. "Although Google is framing this as a pause while it considers next generation technologies, I would hope that it’s actually a concession on the company’s part that being in the access business is a distraction rather than a strategic imperative." The reason? "You could argue that Google has actually achieved its objective of getting more fiber broadband built by opening the doors to AT&T and other companies who are now building out fiber much more rapidly thanks to the changes to the franchising process driven by Google," Dawson said. "Fiber is rolling out much more quickly now — it’s just not Google’s fiber." CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Trump gives first interview since winning presidential election Chili's accused of taking meal from veteran Mom investigated after video goes viral, sparks outrage Federal lawsuit filed over injured HPD inmate 2 dead in shooting outside mall Local astronaut, 64, still hits weekly hockey league SUV crashes into SmashBurger restaurant Episode 1: Vision Impaired Episode 3: Instant Replay More Stories Anti-Trump protester accused of punching police… Nov 14, 2016, 1:32 p.m. Lawsuit: Cop used excessive force against HPD inmate Nov 14, 2016, 11:37 a.m. One dead, 1 injured in SW Houston shooting Nov 14, 2016, 4:17 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close West Ham United West Ham 2-1 Chelsea: EFL Cup fourth round – as it happened Goals from Kouyaté and Fernandes give Hammers a 2-1 win John Ashdown has all the latest from the Manchester derby here Updated West Ham United’s Edimilson Fernandes, left, celebrates scoring their second goal with Dimitri Payet. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters Tim Hill Wednesday 26 October 2016 16.42 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 1 November 2016 18.37 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 4.39pm EDT 16:39 GOAL! West Ham 2-1 Chelsea (Cahill 90+4) 4.39pm EDT 16:39 Full-time: West Ham 2-1 Chelsea 3.52pm EDT 15:52 GOAL! West Ham 2-0 Chelsea (Fernandes 48) 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Half-time: West Ham 1-0 Chelsea 2.57pm EDT 14:57 GOAL! West Ham 1-0 Chelsea (Kouyaté 11) 2.04pm EDT 14:04 Hello and welcome 2.04pm EDT 14:04 Tonight's teams Live feed Show 4.42pm EDT 16:42 West Ham go through, despite a furious late rally from Chelsea. The hosts just about deserved it: they were the better side for most of the game, and it was only really when Costa and Hazard were introduced that Chelsea perked up. The visitors played OK, but left themselves too much to do. West Ham go through to the last eight, and who knows: maybe a first League Cup title isn’t that far away. Thanks for reading. Goodnight. Cheikhou Kouyaté inspires West Ham but clashes mar win over Chelsea Read more West Ham’s players start to feel at home but fans let club down | Jacob Steinberg Read more West Ham United’s Dimitri Payet and Mark Noble celebrate at the end of the game. Photograph: Rob Newell/CameraSport via Getty Images Updated at 5.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EDT 16:39 Full-time: West Ham 2-1 Chelsea That’s it! There was barely time for West Ham to kick off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EDT 16:39 GOAL! West Ham 2-1 Chelsea (Cahill 90+4) Chelsea pull one back! But it’s surely too late. We’re almost at full time. Gary Cahill sweeps home a consolation goal. Photograph: Catherine Ivill - AMA/Getty Images Updated at 4.58pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.37pm EDT 16:37 90 min+3 Terry heads down for Pedro, but Feghouli is in bravely to win it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EDT 16:36 90 min +2 Payet to wrap it up … but Begovic turns it over! Payet should have scored, really. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 90 min +1 And it looks like there’s trouble behind Randolph’s goal. Stewards and police having to get involved. Words are exchanged between West Ham and Chelsea fans. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Then some furniture goes flying. Photograph: Dan Mullan/Getty Images A Chelsea fan gets past the police line and walks over to goad the West Ham fans. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Riot police are deployed to keep an eye on the fans. Photograph: Dan Mullan/Getty Images Updated at 4.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EDT 16:35 90 min Costa goes down on the edge of the box, but there’s no whistle. Four minutes of stoppage time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.34pm EDT 16:34 89 min Fair play to Chelsea: they’ve really pushed West Ham back in this last 10 minutes. But it looks as though time’s run out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 88 min Hazard went through, cut back, and Reid hung out a leg, and Hazard went over – but there wasn’t any contact, and Craig Pawson said no penalty. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 87 min Terry’s header … but it’s wide of the post. He got free, but couldn’t get the direction. Randolph might have been struggling if it were on target, though. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 86 min Still time for Chelsea. Almost everyone is in West Ham’s half. Costa is fouled, and Chelsea have a free kick 45 yards from goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 85 min That was a great run from Costa, but he just lifted it the wrong side of the post as Randolph came out. I can’t quite believe he missed the target. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EDT 16:29 84 min Zaza is on for Antonio, by the way. But Chelsea come again, and Hazards slips it through for Diego Costa … who puts it wide! Oh, what a chance! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 83 min There’s definitely another goal in this. Kouyaté is down momentarily, but he’ll be OK to continue. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EDT 16:27 82 min Ayew heads wide! That perhaps should have been three. Wonderful cross from Payet, but Ayew just couldn’t crane his neck to direct it at goal. West Ham United’s Andre Ayew goes close. Photograph: Rob Newell/CameraSport via Getty Images Updated at 5.03pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EDT 16:25 81 min Randolph gets a palm to it when Pedro looked ready to score! Then Hazard hits one against the angle of post of bar! Really unlucky for Hazard. Chelsea pressing hard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 80 min Serious Chelsea pressure here. But time is on West Ham’s side. Chelsea’s Diego Costa controls the ball. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Updated at 4.27pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 79 min David Luiz nearly gets on to it, but Obiang is there to mop up. Another corner, and Hazard can’t sort his feet out on the edge of the box. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.23pm EDT 16:23 78 min Good cross from Costa, and Reid heads behind for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 77 min Andre Ayew, who hasn’t played since the opening day, replaces Manuel Lanzini. Updated at 4.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 76 min Winston Reid is booked for a foul on Costa, although there didn’t seem to be too much contact. David Luiz goes for goal from 40 yards, but it’s straight into the wall. Chelsea’s David Luiz’s freekick only finds the wall. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters Updated at 4.29pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 74 min Big chance for Chelsea, and Willian couldn’t take it! Diego Costa timed his run perfectly, brought down a long ball from David Luiz, fed Willian, who had time and space … but the Brazilian got the shot all wrong. Chelsea’s best chance of the evening. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 72 min Costa can’t stop it running out for a goal kick, and the Hammers fans are lapping it up. The crowd tonight, incidentally, is 45, 957. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.16pm EDT 16:16 71 min West Ham still working hard to deny Chelsea the space they need. Feghouli went in clumsily on Pedro just inside the box, but no whistle, and it’s safely through for a West Ham goal kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EDT 16:14 69 min Twenty minutes left for Chelsea. All their big attacking stars are on. There’s still hope. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 68 min Oh, close from Oscar! Hazard fizzed a corner in at pace, and Oscar flicked it goalwards, but it was just the wrong side of the post. Unlucky. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.12pm EDT 16:12 67 min Begovic catches Payet’s corner from underneath the bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 65 min And Chelsea make their final change: Pedro is on, Ola Aina is off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.10pm EDT 16:10 64 min Payet goes through on the left, but Cahill comes across to block. Edmilson Fernandes is replaced by Sofiane Feghouli. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EDT 16:08 63 min Mark Noble is booked for clattering Hazard. Welcome to Stratford, Eden. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EDT 16:07 62 min Oscar is called for a careless offside. Antonio Conte can’t wait any longer: Eden Hazard is on for Nathaniel Chalobah. Updated at 4.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 59 min Antonio has been an extremely willing runner for West Ham tonight, but this time David Luiz does enough to win it from him. Chelsea’s David Luiz gets the better of West Ham United’s Michail Antonio. Photograph: Eddie Keogh/Reuters Updated at 4.17pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EDT 16:02 57 min Obiang escapes a booking for dragging back Willian. From the free kick, David Luiz dinks it in, but Diego Costa can’t reach it, and home fans love it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.01pm EDT 16:01 56 min Ola Aina hits one, but it’s well wide. Just on that Chelsea penalty claim, it definitely hit Kouyaté on the hand, but it did come at him from extremely close range. We’ve seen them given, etc. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EDT 15:59 54 min Diego Costa is on for Michy Batshuayi. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EDT 15:58 53 min Payet finds Antonio, who streaks clear but then finds himself crowded out. Noble hits one from 22 yards, but it’s just wide. Updated at 3.59pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.57pm EDT 15:57 52 min Penalty to Chelsea? Craig Pawson says no. Did it strike a West Ham hand? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EDT 15:56 51 min Begovic catches cleanly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EDT 15:55 50 min Chelsea try to respond immediately, but West Ham do enough to funnel it clear. Could Begovic have done better on the goal? Fernandes hit it accurately, but without a great deal of pace, and Begovic seemed a little slow to go down. Antonio’s shot is deflected behind for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.54pm EDT 15:54 49 min What a sequence. Payet was denied initially by Begovic, but Chelsea just couldn’t clear, and it came out to Fernandes on the right side. He checked inside Aina, and hit a left-foot shot that beat Begovic and found the corner. What a start to the second half! Edimilson Fernandes doubles West Ham’s lead. Photograph: Arfa Griffiths/West Ham United via Getty Images And is then congratulated by his team-mates. Photograph: Arfa Griffiths/West Ham United via Getty Images Updated at 7.28pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.52pm EDT 15:52 GOAL! West Ham 2-0 Chelsea (Fernandes 48) Two-nil West Ham! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.52pm EDT 15:52 47 min There was some talk at half-time about the Payet penalty shout in the first half: he did appear to be jostled by Kanté, but the ball ran kindly for Antonio, and I think Craig Pawson probably felt the advantage was worth playing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EDT 15:49 46 min We’re back. No changes from either side. West Ham 45 minutes away from a place in the last eight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EDT 15:34 Good stuff: West Ham on top, but Chelsea not out of it. Frenetic, and appealing to watch. More of the same please! See you in 15. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 Half-time: West Ham 1-0 Chelsea That’s the whistle, and a really good 45 minutes of football comes to an end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 45 min Then Oscar goes close! That went just past the post. I don’t think Randolph would have saved that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 44 min Oh, that should have been the equaliser. Chelsea sliced West Ham open then: it was initially a beautiful through ball from Chalobah, and then Oscar crossed it low, first time, to Batshuayi, who was in the clear, and he put it over the bar! He was pressured belatedly, but he should have scored. Updated at 3.34pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.30pm EDT 15:30 42 min What a hit from Obiang! And Begovic saved well! It was headed clear, and Obinag just creamed one on the half-volley from about 30 yards, which Begovic did very well to keep out. What a super strike. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.27pm EDT 15:27 40 min Aina fools Fernandes with a nice piece of skill by the left touchline, but the ball in from Oscar is too long for everybody. Updated at 3.35pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.25pm EDT 15:25 38 min Lovely run from Lanzini, and he nearly gets the return from Antonio, but Aina is there to hack it away. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EDT 15:24 36 min Fernandes tries to Begovic with one from the edge of the box, but it’s straight at the goalie. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics West Ham United Chelsea Antonio Conte Slaven Bilic EFL Cup Football League Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › West Ham United Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close EFL Cup Manchester United v Manchester City: EFL Cup fourth round – as it happened Juan Mata scored the only goal of the game as United did just enough to beat an under-strength City at Old Trafford Updated Manchester United’s Juan Mata celebrates scoring their first goal and the United crowd are pretty happy too. Photograph: Martin Rickett/PA John Ashdown @John_Ashdown Wednesday 26 October 2016 16.58 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 26 October 2016 19.20 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 4.13pm EDT 16:13 GOAL! Man Utd 1-0 Man City (Mata 54) 2.02pm EDT 14:02 The teams 8.10am EDT 08:10 Preamble/Crisis Club Cup Clash Countdown Live feed Show 4.58pm EDT 16:58 Right, that’s it from me. Stick around on site for all the reports and reaction. But from me cheerio! Manchester United’s Juan Mata delivers derby delight against Manchester City Read more Updated at 5.20pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55pm EDT 16:55 That was hardly a classic but an important win for Mourinho nevertheless. There remain questions for both sides to answer. Manchester United manager José Mourinho reacts after the final whistle. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 5.04pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.53pm EDT 16:53 Peep! PEEP!! PEEEEEEEP!!! It’s all over. José Mourinho can treat himself to something from the mini bar. Pep Guardiola goes a sixth game without a win. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 90+2 min: Cabellero gets to a through-ball just ahead of Pogba. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 90+1 min: Pogba picks up a booking for flying in on Otamendi. Ibrahimovic joins him for kicking the ball away as Cabellero looks to take the free-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.49pm EDT 16:49 90 min: A minimum of four added minutes to play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48pm EDT 16:48 89 min: A dinked ball into the box evades Maffeo, who had tumbled under Shaw’s challenge. While prone on the turf he flicks his head at the ball like a stricken fish to no avail. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.45pm EDT 16:45 87 min: Ibrahimovic robs Kolarov, who compounds his error by fouling the United man. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.44pm EDT 16:44 85 min: Aguero looks stunned as the linesman flags for a foul on Carrick. Sergio Agüuero tussles with Manchester United’s Michael Carrick. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 6.43pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.42pm EDT 16:42 83 min: City enjoy another long spell of possession but can’t create anything. City shot’s on target tonight: zero. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EDT 16:39 81 min: The hobbling Rashford off, Lingard on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.38pm EDT 16:38 79 min: … swung in by Herrera and, after an almighty amount of City faffing, cleared away. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.37pm EDT 16:37 78 min: Ibrahimovic releases Rashford down the right. His low cross is cut out by Maffeo with Pogba closing in. Corber to United … Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EDT 16:36 77 min: It’s very flat. City can’t get anything going. United are pipe-and-slippers comfortable. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.33pm EDT 16:33 75 min: Otamendi gets on the end of Valencia’s cross to head clear, with Ibrahimovic loitering with intent just behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 73 min: Mata off, the lesser-spotted Schneiderlin on. Manchester United José Mourinho gestures as Morgan Schneiderlin prepares to come on. Photograph: Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.44pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 72 min: Sterling swings a corner straight into the hands of De Gea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EDT 16:29 71 min: The ineffectual Nolito off, Agüero on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 70 min: Kolarov launches the free-kick yards over the bar. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EDT 16:28 69 min: Sterling wins a dangerous free-kick for City after Herrera sticks out a foot rather unwisely. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EDT 16:26 68 min: … which is cleared. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EDT 16:26 67 min: Navas wins a corner from Shaw … Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 65 min: Fine chance for Ibrahimovic as Rashford does Maffeo on the City right. His low cross bounces under the Swede’s foot. Zlatan is having One Of Those Nights. Though that doesn’t mean he’ll not still ping a 40-yard overhead kick into the top corner at some stage. While pulling a wheelie on a Harley. Dressed as Batman. On fire. Zlatan Ibrahimovic misses a chance. Photograph: Matthew Ashton/AMA/Getty Images Updated at 4.42pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 64 min: Sterling on, Sane off for City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 63 min: Pass, pass, pass from City. Passpasspass. PasspasspasspaCLUMP over the bar from 40 yards by Kolarov. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 62 min: City have not been able to muster much of a response to that goal yet. They’re going in circles in midfield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.19pm EDT 16:19 60 min: Raheem Sterling is about to be sprung from the City bench. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EDT 16:17 58 min: Shaw takes out Navas as the Spaniard tears past him once more. No free-kick, says Dean, wrongly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EDT 16:15 56 min: United have gone up a gear (as they needed to) while Kompany’s half-time departure has thoroughly disrupted City’s back four. Otamendi has another nervous moment as Pogba tumbles on the edge of the box. Mike Dean says no penalty, to the United man’s chagrin. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 GOAL! Man Utd 1-0 Man City (Mata 54) This had been coming since the break. Ibrahimovic holds offf Otamendi in an aerial battle then squares for Mata to sidefoot home from eight yards out. Juan Mata gives the home side the lead. Photograph: Darren Staples/Reuters Mata celebrates scoring their first goal as the United faithful celebrates in the stands. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 7.20pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 53 min: And right on cue, City break down the other end and Iheanacho squares the ball across the six-yard box. No one is there to tap home. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EDT 16:11 52 min: Mata’s volleyed cross is punched away by Caballero but this is much, much, much better from United. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 50 min: Rashford skips past a couple of defenders on the left, then slips the ball to Pogba, who curls an effort from distance narrowly wide. Updated at 4.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EDT 16:08 49 min: Pogba hits the post! Much better buildup from United sees Ibrahimovic put the Frenchman through on goal. He’s denied by a quite brilliant save from Caballero, who tips the ball on to the upright. Manchester United’s Paul Pogba shoots ... Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters And can’t believe that Caballero saved it. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 4.14pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EDT 16:06 47 min: United enjoy a long spell of possession without going anywhere much before Mata gives the ball away to Iheanacho again in United’s half. The striker’s pass to Nolito is a poor one. And Nolito is offside anyway. That was a period of play that pretty much sums up the game as a whole. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EDT 16:04 Peep! Off we go again. City have made a change: Kolarov comes on for Kompany. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EDT 15:58 An email: “Perhaps what those other live creamy-flummery based shows need is a bit of steely sporting backbone, while the live sport perhaps need a bit more custard pie-style slapstick,” writes Robin Hazlehurst. “Maybe you should combine the live blogs for GBBO and the Fizzy Cup and call the result ‘It’s A Knockout’ (younger readers ask your (grand)parents).” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EDT 15:49 During half-time, enjoy some Mike Dean being Mike Dean: Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EDT 15:48 Peep! PEEP!!! All square at half-time. That was error strewn stuff in truth, but entertaining nevertheless. [INSERT YOUR OWN JOKE ABOUT SOMEONE RISING TO THE OCCASION IN THE SECOND HALF]. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.46pm EDT 15:46 45 min: A minimum of one minute of added time to be played. Which is not going to be enough time for me to work a way to shoehorn “the game’s scone” into the MBM. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.44pm EDT 15:44 43 min: The impressive Garcia finds Navas out on the right and he zips past Shaw for the umpteenth time. His cross is cleared at the near post. Manchester City’s Jesus Navas goes on the charge. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 3.50pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.42pm EDT 15:42 41 min: It’s Ibrahimovic’s turn to give the ball away in his own half and he’s lucky Nolito can’t take advantage. “A quaint English tradition, spoilt by new TV money, based around something that’s overcooked and come out flatter than expected …” writes David Flynn. “Is this not the GBBO blog?” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.41pm EDT 15:41 39 min: Blind is sloppier than over-egged cake mixture in playing the ball out of defence. Iheanacho is through on goal but his effort lacks conviction and a sliding defender is able to make the block. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.39pm EDT 15:39 38 min: “I’m sorry,” begins JJ (who I suspect is not sorry), “but all these live competition TV shows that don’t involve a sport all seem as ridiculous as Monty Python’s sketch Novel Writing (Live from Wessex) in which a stadium crowd cheers every word as Thomas Hardy attempts to write The Return of the Native.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EDT 15:37 37 min: Valencia nods away as City create space down their right once more. And at the other end City are scrambling to deny Rashford, who is briefly through on goal before delaying his shot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.36pm EDT 15:36 36 min: The first opening for United. Shaw does brilliantly down the left and pulls the ball back to Ibrahimovic, whose shot is charged down by Otamendi. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.35pm EDT 15:35 34 min: You have the ball. No, you have the ball. No, no, I insist, you have the ball. I couldn’t possibly, you have the ball. Oh, I’ll just smack the thing out of play for a goal kick instead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EDT 15:33 32 min: Kompany, not for the first time, clumps a pass out of play for a United throw-in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.32pm EDT 15:32 31 min: Ibrahimovic neatly swishes past a challenge in midfield but then scruffily gives the ball away with a poorly executed (and conceived) pass. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EDT 15:31 30 min: Pass, pass, pass from United who have improved a touch over the past 10 minutes or so. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.30pm EDT 15:30 28 min: Navas whips past Shaw again and feeds the ball into Iheanacho. His pass is overcooked and goes through to De Gea. Manchester City’s Kelechi Iheanacho is beaten to the ball by Manchester United’s David De Gea. Photograph: Jason Cairnduff/Reuters Updated at 3.49pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics EFL Cup Manchester United Manchester City Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › EFL Cup Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 26 GOOG: 799.07 -8.60 Google Express home delivery service now covers nearly 90% of the US Ben Schoon - 3 weeks ago @NexusBen Google Google Express View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Over the past several months Google has slowly been expanding its Google Express service to new regions, most recently the majority of the Northeastern US. Now the home delivery service has expanded yet again, this time to the majority of the country (via TechCrunch)… The latest additions to the service include large portions of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Utah — an additional 70 million customers from before. That adds on to service in current regions adding up to cover nearly 90% of the total United States population. Google Express aims to compete again Amazon, specifically Prime Now, by offering overnight delivery in many major cities. Google Express’ main advantage over Amazon is that it partners with many national retailers who don’t offer one-day delivery yet. Those retailers include the likes of Costco, Whole Foods (no one-day delivery), Kohl’s, PetSmart, Fry’s, Sur La Table, Road Runner Sports, L’Occitane, Payless, Guitar Center, and Walgreens. Express’ other big advantage is pricing. While Amazon’s Prime Now service requires that customers sign up for a $99/year while Google Express gives customers the option of paying $95/year or paying $5 per delivery. Delivery times do vary by region with some offering one-day delivery and others only offering two-day delivery. In either scenario, Google is giving Amazon Prime a run for its money. Google plans to expand Express service to the rest of the continental United States by the end of this year. Guides Google View THe Guide Google Express View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 3 minute read The Valley Alphabet Earnings Preview: Ads, Moonshots, And Poop Chutes Google's parent company is expected to post strong ad sales Thursday, but some of its ambitious side projects are struggling. [Photo: NASA via Wikimedia Commons] Ruth Reader 10.26.16 12:40 PM When it comes to the large and ungainly Alphabet, we only care about two things this quarter: Is Google's ad business being eaten by Facebook and are its ambitious "moonshot" projects paying off? Analysts are optimistic, projecting earnings per share of $8.64 on sales of $22.05 billion—up from around $18.68 billion a year ago. Alphabet will report third-quarter financial results on Thursday after the closing bell. When it does, Google's traditionally strong search-and-display ad business is expected to show that it has maintained its growth; the same goes for mobile and video advertising. But investors will be looking especially hard at YouTube ads and opportunities for expansion there. Google is the number-one generator of digital ad dollars worldwide, but when it comes to display advertising, there is another king. Facebook commands the most annual revenue for its banner ads. And in the fastest-growing ad segment, mobile, there's still no clear winner. Facebook has invested heavily in mobile advertising, so much so that mobile makes up 82% of its revenues, according to eMarketer. And in a forecast from last year, the market-analysis firm estimated that Google's share of the market would maintain at around 31.7% between 2016 and 2017, while Facebook would continue to grow its slice of the overall market in the same period. We'll be paying attention to Google's mobile segment to see if it can outperform the eMarketer projection. Then we'll get to the fun stuff. We'll be looking for inklings that Alphabet's other bets are more than just a waste of cash. The holding company has shown that its ready to rein in its costly projects and we're hoping to suss out which projects are heading for the can. Google is the number one generator of digital ad dollars worldwide. Google Hardware: This quarter, Google launched its first-ever mobile phone hardware: Pixel. The iPhone lookalike may open up a compelling new source of revenue for the company, but obviously it's still too soon to tell. What we'd love to see are some early indications that people want this phone and we're hopping to see figures around pre-orders. In general we're interested in any tidbits we can get about Alphabet's hardware products, like its Amazon Echo competitor, Google Home. Google Cloud Platform: Given Amazon's success with AWS and Microsoft's promising financials for Azure, investors are hungry for stats on Google's cloud business. We want to see if there's a glimmer of hope that the cloud platform can break up the AWS-Azure duel. Google's self-driving car project seems to be stuck in neutral. Despite working on developing a self-driving car since 2009, the division has yet to launch a product. Last year, the project's head left to pursue his own startup. And already Otto, a self-driving truck company founded by former members of Google's autonomous vehicle project, has made its first successful shipment. We're hoping Alphabet will shed light on what's next for this project and if an autonomous Google car is anywhere near commercial ready. Nest: Earlier this year, Alphabet's connected-home head, Tony Fadell, left the nest. The departure followed reports that Nest was underperforming. A Nest spokesperson told us in June that "revenue has grown in excess of 50% year-over-year since it began shipping products 4.5 years ago" with the third-generation thermostat hitting one million units sold in half the amount of time as its predecessor. Still, the smart-home industry is expected to worth $121.73 billion globally by 2022, according to marketsandmarkets. We're interested in hearing about the success of its recently launched outdoor camera and possible new products. Verily: A report from earlier this year says all may not be well at Alphabet's future-of-medicine company, with roughly a dozen high-level employees departing under CEO Andrew Conrad, according to Stat News. But Verily has developed products this year, including a microscope that track activity under skin, a platform for managing diabetes, and a foray into bioelectric devices. In this earnings statement we'll be looking mostly for new products and possibly staff changes. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Tech Google is making it easier for anyone to design beautiful apps New, 21 comments New collaboration tools for designers embrace the Material Design philosophy by Dieter Bohn@backlon Oct 26, 2016, 1:10pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is launching a new suite of tools meant to make it easier for designers and app makers to collaborate. It’s partially an expansion of Google’s Material Design efforts, which launched two years ago as a way to rethink how software should be designed on touchscreens. But for Google, Material (which seems to be how Matias Duarte now refers to it) is much more about interaction than how it looks. And as part of that effort, Google is expanding its education about how Material works and making some collaboration tools that might be useful even if you’re not interested in Google’s app design philosophy. The first is simply called “Gallery,” and it’s a set of tools that work sort of like a GitHub for designers. It makes it easier for people to upload, share, and comment on designs. It will have some sort of version control, too, so you can add different iterations of what you’re working on and find them easily as you continue to work. It also has a presentation layer, so you can give out simple web links rather than pass around PDFs or Dropbox folders or whatever. Inspired by Material Design, but works for anything It’s the most interesting of the tools that Google is creating, because it takes the ideas and tools that engineers have used to iterate on their work and gives them to more creative people. (It’s also the sort of thing that might have made our own Brand Refresh process a little easier.) Alongside Gallery, there’s Remixer, which allows app makers to create prototypes of apps that you can interact with directly — so you can both demo the design and change it on the fly right on your device or on a website. There’s also Stage, which speeds up the prototyping process and allows app makers to test out and demo movement in their apps at much earlier stages. It sort of combines tools we’ve seen before from Pixate and Form. It all sounds pretty nerdy — and it is! But it’s nerdy in an interesting way, allowing designers and app makers to start playing around with how their projects will look and work way earlier in the process than before. Though these tools are not meant exclusively for people trying to work with Material Design, they’re very much inspired by the same philosophy. The idea of integrating the motion and feel of apps early in the design process is essential to Material, and it’s probably why these things are showing up at material.io, the website for Google Material. All the stuff we’ve traditionally expected from Material Design is there — guidelines on how to make buttons and tabs and drop shadows and all the rest. But Duarte is serious about talking about software design in a way that goes beyond how something looks and even beyond how it interacts or works — for him, Material is about what software is as an almost physical thing. Think of it as a sort of double reverse skeuomorphism — digital objects following physical rules, but rules native to the digital world. As Steve Jobs once put it, “Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” But you don’t have to buy into that heady design philosophy to use the stuff that Google has created. Instead, you can head over to a new site, material.io, and sign up to try out all the news tools — most of which are going to be in limited beta to start. More From The Verge A Tribe Called Quest’s new album is tear-jerking, essential protest music Watch Dogs 2 is exactly what the original game should have been MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to the Mac Google Play Music gets a total overhaul Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 2 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Tech Samsung Samsung Pay now has its own rewards program by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Samsung Pay is launching a rewards program that will give you points on every purchase you make using the service, in an attempt to incentivize customers to use its mobile payment product. Users can accrue points for every purchase made through... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote MetaFilter community weblog Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Home, James... by way of Mount Washington, if you will. October 26, 2016 10:22 AM   Subscribe The Google Maps Streetview Player • Input either a starting point and end point, or a provide a file of a route, and Brian Folts's app will provide you with a Google Streetview maps-lapse. (Tips: Check the Advanced Options box, and tweak the FPS or mode of transportation; and mess about with the progress bar in case the app gets ahead of itself.) — Routeview is a very similar app, with a few more more ways to configure your ride. There other apps on the web that do similar things, depending on your needs, bandwidth, CPU power, etc. For instance: • Gaiagi Driver: lets you track your movement on four separate windows: Google Earth, Google Maps, Bing Maps, and Google Streetview; pretty CPU/bandwidth intensive, though. • RealIndoor: designed for Bicyclists, or those on stationary bikes; has a terrain map in the corner and other, more biking-specific ways to tinker with settings. posted by not_on_display (3 comments total) 26 users marked this as a favorite   When I was a kid, I used to sit in the back of the car and just thumb through the atlas imagining the places on the map.* Now I like finding remote and out of the way places and wandering around them in Street View at work. Maybe I'll just drive from here to Prudhoe Bay tomorrow. *And occasionally imagining how I would conquer the world from my base of power in Apex, NC. posted by Bulgaroktonos at 10:28 AM on October 26 [3 favorites] I still miss Google Earth's drive simulator... (Previously.) posted by pernoctalian at 6:08 PM on October 26 all of them look like lots of fun. I predict hours and hours of use. posted by james33 at 4:14 AM on October 27 « Older The only effective answer to organized greed   |   Not patient zero Newer » You are not currently logged in. Log in or create a new account to post comments. Related Posts Sheepview360 July 14, 2016 Now how do I get home? May 9, 2013 Halfcat May 7, 2013 A Vicarious Way to Keep Cool July 19, 2012 Mirror, Mirror December 21, 2010 Ads via The DECK Tags driving googlestreetview maps timelapse simulator Share Twitter Facebook About MetaFilter MetaFilter is a weblog that anyone can contribute a link or a comment to. A typical weblog is one person posting their thoughts on the unique things they find on the web. This website exists to break down the barriers between people, to extend a weblog beyond just one person, and to foster discussion among its members. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,221 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2016 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Merkle: After big increases in mobile inventory last year, paid search growth slows a bit in Q3 Still, mobile spend increased significantly year over year, and Google product listing ads continue to drive growth. Ginny Marvin on October 26, 2016 at 12:08 pm More Overall, spend growth on paid search dipped in Q3 to 14 percent year over year, down from 15 percent growth seen the previous quarter, according to Merkle’s Q3 Digital Marketing Report, issued this week. Merkle says the slowdown was expected when comparing to the period last year, when Google significantly increased the number of ads displaying on mobile search results. Click volume growth slowed in Q3 to 20 percent year over year. Click growth has been trending down the past two quarters after dramatic increases seen in the last two quarters of 2015. Overall, CPCs were off five percent from last year. Mobile spend across the search engines increased by 134 percent year over year. Meanwhile, search spend on desktop and tablet spend dipped four percent. Google accounted for 86 percent of ad spend and 87 percent of click volume among Merkle clients represented in the report. That’s up from 81 percent and 82 percent a year ago, respectively. Google On AdWords, spend and click volume growth both slowed in Q2. Spend increased 20 percent year over year in Q3 2016. Click volume growth slowed to 28 percent and could have slowed further if not for more traffic being driven by product listing ads on search partner sites, the addition of a fourth text ad in many mobile search results and the expansion of local search ads at the end of Q2, says Merkle. Ads on Google Maps drove about three percent of mobile clicks on brand searches for advertisers with physical locations at a higher than average CPC. Combined, tablets and phones drove 62 percent of Google AdWords clicks, up five percent from Q2. Overall, CPCs fell six percent year over year. Product Listing Ads Google product listing ads continue to be an increasingly important ad format for retail. Google product listing ads (PLA) accounted for 48 percent of retailers’ search ad clicks from Google in Q3. And, PLAs’ share of non-brand clicks among retailers reached 73 percent. PLA spend rose 36 percent year over year, down from 43 percent spend growth last quarter. Clicks increased 59 percent, growing nearly six times faster than text ads, which saw click volume increase nine percent year over year in Q3. PLA growth came in part to the addition of PLAs in image search, as well as from Yahoo serving PLAs from Google on its search results. Across search partners, PLA click volume increased by 23 percent, compared to just nine percent growth on Google.com. Expanded Text Ads Merkle says the data show “benefits of the format have been minor” in regard to click-through rates so far. Merkle has seen below-average CTRs for ETAs on brand terms and mixed results for non-brand ads at the top of the page. Spending on text ads rose nine percent year over year on 11 percent growth in click volume. Google Display Network The GDN accounted for eight percent of advertisers’ spend on Google in Q3, which is a slight dip from nine percent a year ago. Still, Merkle says, about half of advertisers included in the report increased GDN spend share from a year ago. Mobile made up 30 percent of spend on the GDN, up from 24 percent in Q3 2015. Bing and Yahoo Combined, Bing Ads and Yahoo Gemini spend growth fell 14 percent year over year. However, that was less than the 17-percent decline seen in Q2, however, and the first improvement seen in the past six quarters, according to Merkle. Merkle attributes the declining click growth in part to the fading influence of Yahoo’s deal to become the default search engine for Firefox and Bing’s initial ramping up of Product Ads in 2014. Among Merkle’s client set, Bing product ads are not seeing the level of success achieved by Google product listing ads. Bing product ad spend fell 12 percent year over year in Q3. Growth began slowing early this year, as Yahoo appeared to be serving Google PLAs instead of Bing product ads on many search results. Gemini’s click volume share across Yahoo and Bing has held relatively steady (17 percent in Q3 2016) since October 2015, “suggesting that there has been little movement in the past year to further ramp up volume from the Gemini platform for established participants,” says Merkle. Even with a four-point increase in phone click share from Q2 to Q3, mobile continues to be a challenge for Bing Ads. Just 15 percent of Bing Ads clicks came from phones, compared to 49 percent for Google and 26 percent for Yahoo. The full report includes data on organic and social trends, as well as more paid search detail. It’s available for download here (requires registration). About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsStatsStats: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / ironSource Ranks Top 5 Worldwide in TUNE Global Advertiser List ironSource Ranks Top 5 Worldwide in TUNE Global Advertiser List Posted on October 26, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer List Ranks According to Wide Range of Parameters, Including Retention and Volume of of Installs Tel Aviv (PRWEB) October 26, 2016 Global technology powerhouse ironSource has been ranked 5th in leading mobile attribution platform TUNE’s Top 25 Global Advertising Partners of 2016 list. Following closely after players like Google, ironSource’s high rank is a testament to the quality and scale of their inventory. “ironSource offers end-to-end solutions for both developers and advertisers, which means we control a huge amount of market supply, giving us the necessary scale and direct relationships to provide a viable alternative to walled garden options like Google and Facebook,” said Omer Kaplan, CMO and Co-Founder of ironSource. In order to build the list, TUNE created an algorithm, scoring over 400 of their 1000+ most active advertising partners. The algorithm took eight qualities into consideration: adoption, reputation, TUNE certified partner program, clicks/taps, installs, revenue per install for a 30 day period, revenue per install for a 60 day period, and retention. The largest independent platform offering mobile monetization and marketing, ironSource has over 80K apps using its technologies to turn their apps into successful businesses. Following a merger with Supersonic in January 2016, the company reaches 800M users every month globally, meeting them at various touch-points along the user journey. This, coupled with ironSource’s direct supply channels positions the company as a critical player in the mobile ecosystem. “The fact that we work with so many partners from both the demand and supply side gives us the ability to see data from across the user journey, and that multi-touchpoint data allows us to offer the kind of user segmentation and targeting that sets our solution apart. That proprietary data, combined with really innovative ad units that see high-engagement is what makes us the go-to partner for so many major advertisers,” Kaplan continued. Advertisers working with ironSource also benefit from exclusive, untapped supply available through the ironSource Aura platform. Launched in early October 2016, ironSource Aura is a dynamic content recommendation platform for device manufacturers and mobile carriers, which is deeply integrated into the user experience of millions of mobile devices worldwide. In stealth mode up until now, the solution gives advertisers the opportunity to rise above the noise and engage with potential users through various touch-points throughout the lifecycle of the device. “User acquisition today is becoming more and more competitive, with distribution channels growing increasingly saturated,” continued Omer Kaplan. “For advertisers looking for unique supply, we’re able to provide them with an exclusive opportunity to engage users at the specific moment where they are wired to install apps, and with the solution shipping on 100 million devices, we're able to couple that with serious scale.” About ironSource ironSource builds monetization, engagement, analytics and discovery tools for app developers, device manufacturers, mobile carriers and advertisers. Our comprehensive solutions help industry leading companies achieve greater business success, enabling them to find, understand, engage with, and monetize their target audiences more effectively. Over 80K app developers are using our developer solutions, and our enterprise technology is shipping on hundreds of millions of devices worldwide, giving ironSource the ability to reach over 800 million unique users every month, globally. Founded in 2010, ironSource is a truly global company, with offices in Tel Aviv, London, New York, San Francisco, Beijing and Bangalore. Read more at http://www.ironsrc.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13797915.htm Latest News INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Supreme Industries Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of PAREXEL International Corporation INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm INVESTOR ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Opus Bank and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Xerox Corporation and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm HREI Insights Awards™ Finalists Announced Monster Energy’s Conor McGregor Makes History by Knocking Out Eddie Alvarez to Claim his Second Title and is the First Fighter to Become a Two-Division UFC Champion IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Pilgrim’s Pride Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Retirement Strategies of Michigan Say Trump’s Flip Flops Over Promise to Repeal the Estate Tax Creates Planning Uncertainty Noninvasive Imaging Technique Protects Healthy Tissues During Freezing of Cancer Lesions © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: What to Expect When Alphabet, Inc. Reports Earnings Can the internet-search juggernaut beat expectations again in the third quarter? Steve Symington (TMFSymington) Oct 26, 2016 at 1:20PM IMAGE SOURCE: ALPHABET, INC. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to release third-quarter 2016 results this Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, after the market close. With shares up 9% over the past three months (as of this writing) thanks largely to a stellar second-quarter report in July, what can investors expect to hear from the internet-search behemoth this time? Alphabet's headline numbers This will mark Alphabet's fourth quarterly report since it began breaking out its results on a segment basis earlier this year. Alphabet instituted the practice after reorganizing last October to become the holding company of Google and its operating subsidiaries, and -- to borrow the company's words -- "to bring increased focus, accountability, and transparency" for investors who wish to know more about those varied businesses. Much to the chagrin of analysts, however, Alphabet doesn't make a habit of providing specific financial guidance each quarter. So while we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's near-term demands, note that consensus estimates predict Alphabet will grow revenue 18.1% year over year, to $22.05 billion, and generate earnings of $8.64 per share (up from $7.35 in last year's third quarter). Within that, we can expect Alphabet to divide its report into two primary segments, namely Google and "Other Bets." On Google If Alphabet were an apple right now, Google would be its core and most of the flesh. But this shouldn't be terribly surprising, considering Google encompasses results from nearly every well-known product Big G has innovated, from Search to Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail. As such, last quarter Google represented more than $21.3 billion of Alphabet's $21.5 billion in total revenue. And as operating margin for the segment expanded 100 basis points year over year, to 32.8%, Google generated operating income of just under $7 billion. Digging deeper into those totals, the vast majority of Google's revenue comes from advertising, which grew 19.5% year over year in Q2, to $19.1 billion. Alphabet should further break that down this quarter into both ad revenue that came from its own websites (up 24.2% last quarter, to $15.4 billion), and the amount derived from Google Network Members' sites (up 3.4% in Q2, to $3.74 billion). In recent quarters, Google has largely credited that growth to progress in monetizing mobile search, as well as rapid increases in revenue from YouTube. Relatedly, listen for metrics on the volume of aggregate paid clicks (up 29% year over year last quarter), and aggregate cost-per-click, the latter of which measures how much Google makes per ad. But keeping in mind cost-per-click declined 7% last quarter, don't be surprised if it continues that downward trend. In part, this is a consequence of that outsized growth from YouTube, where Google's TrueView ads reach consumers early in the purchase funnel, so tend to monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based impressions. We also can't forget about Google's non-advertising products, including Apps, Commerce, Cloud, and hardware products. Collectively, these sources saw sales increase last quarter by one-third year over year, to $2.3 billion. This quarter, I'm particularly interested to hear about consumers' early reactions to Google's new Pixel smartphone. Everything else On the other side of Alphabet's fence is its decidedly unprofitable -- but ripe with long-term potential -- Other Bets segment, which includes Fiber (high-speed internet), Nest (connected home products), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), self-driving cars, and X ("moonshot" initiatives). With the exceptions of Nest, Verily, and Fiber, which together helped Other Bets revenue rise last quarter 150% year over year, to $185 million, Alphabet's other bets are primarily pre-revenue businesses that seek to solve novel problems across multiple industries. As a result, that revenue translated to a segment operating loss of $859 million last quarter alone. But we also shouldn't judge Other Bets' results by viewing each quarter in isolation. Because these efforts are early-stage, can be hugely affected by one-time items like new partnerships, and operate in disparate industries, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat will almost certainly reiterate her assertion that it's most "instructive" to view Other Bets with at least a 12-month time frame in mind. That's fair enough; given their considerable potential to meaningfully change the way we do things -- and, of course, with the financial resources and cash flow provided by Alphabet's massively profitable Google segment -- Alphabet can afford to thoughtfully invest in these young businesses. In the end, barring any negative surprises from its usually stable core business, I suspect this week's report will contain little to fundamentally alter Alphabet's compelling growth story. But that won't stop us from digging in to better understand Alphabet's progress in continuing to generate long-term value for shareholders. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Steve Symington has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares). Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Steve Symington (TMFSymington) As a technology and consumer goods specialist for the Fool, Steve looks for responsible businesses that positively shape our lives. Then he invests accordingly. Enjoy his work? Connect with him on Twitter & Facebook so you don't miss a thing. Follow @TMFSymington Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 1:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster: Apple Inc. May Not Be the Biggest Winner Will Google Design Its Own Smartphone Processors? Yandex Gains After a Strong Quarter Despite Losing Market Share Here's All the Hardware Google Debuted This Week Now That Google Makes Phones, Are Smartwatches Next? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Tech Hardware Battle Is Just Getting Started Nicole Sherrod , TD Ameritrade     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 26, 2016 12:39pm   Comments Share: Much like my Cubs, the information technology sector has been on a tear in 2016. Despite a bumpy start to the year, the tech sector has been the best-performing sector in the S&P 500 year-to-date—up a little over 11% and outperforming the S&P 500 by almost 6%. There’s a lot to keep an eye on in the sector as the hardware battle among the tech heavyweights is just starting to heat up. In its typical, secretive fashion, Apple (AAPL) has been tight-lipped about what it plans to reveal at its October 27 event and the company took the unusual step of moving its earnings report date up from October 27 to October 25. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential share price move of 4.55% in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move™ indicator on the thinkorswim® platform from TD Ameritrade. Today Apple is the #1 most searched for ticker on our retail website and while our clients were net sellers last week, they still hold over $16 billion in Apple stock. Think about that. It’s been a little over a month since Apple released the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Apple’s update to its smartphones included upgraded cameras, a water-resistant design, and saying good bye to the headphone jack—a move that frustrated some customers that know they’ll likely lose many pairs of the cordless headphones. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google just continued to put the pressure on the smartphone market with the launch of its new Pixel line. So far, initial reviews for the device have been very positive and some analysts have cited the new smartphone as a reason to be bullish on GOOG. When you first look at the phone, it’s hard not to notice the design similarities between the iPhone and the Pixel. But Google isn’t just trying to copy Apple, the Pixel is its way of continuing to expand beyond the search box and establish itself as a high-end player in the smartphone market. Apple usually sets the bar for smartphones and Google’s Pixel has a few important features that differentiate it from the iPhone 7. It has the highest-rated smartphone camera ever according to DxOMark, a company specializing in image quality measurements and ratings. In another move aimed at avid mobile photographers, the Pixel comes with unlimited storage for photos and videos. You don’t ever have to worry about getting a “storage is full” notification again. Google is also making it as easy as possible to ditch your iPhone or Android device by providing a Quick Switch Adapter, which allows you to hook your old phone up to the Pixel and transfer your contacts, photos, videos, messages, and more to your new phone. Apple and Google’s new smartphones could gain extra sales in upcoming quarters thanks to Samsung Electronic (OTC: SSNLF) Galaxy Note7 fiasco. After issuing a recall for the Galaxy Note7 due to the smartphones overheating and catching fire, the company had to recall the replacement smartphones and eventually halted sales of the product entirely. Samsung had originally projected to sell 12 to 15 million of the Note7 by the end of the year. Another reason for Google’s expansion into smartphones and other hardware, like Google Home and Google Wi-Fi, is it allows the company to showcase its newest software and technology, like Google Assistant. Google Assistant is touted as your “personal Google” that uses a speech-recognition system powered by artificial intelligence like Apple’s Siri, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT)'s Cortana, and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN)'s Alexa. Google Assistant is featured in Google Home, a voice-activated speaker like the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. You can interact with Google Home and have it play music, answer questions, set alarms and timers, and much more. Now one key thing to keep in mind, is there is a huge difference between what percentage of revenue is coming from hardware. Using the Company Profile tool on thinkorswim platform from TD Ameritrade, we can see that as of October 25, 2016, the iPhone alone is responsible for over 52% of revenue at Apple. Google’s line of phones are only 7.7% of their revenue. As tech giants like Amazon, Apple, Google, and Microsoft continue developing new software and technology, they will keep releasing new devices, tablets, smartphones, computers and more to showcase the latest technology. Now that these companies are gigantic and worth hundreds of billions of dollars, it’s a lot harder to move the dial when it comes to revenue growth. They need to launch new products and expand into new markets to maintain investor and analyst expectations. The hardware battle could be just getting started as the tech giants continue looking for growth. Mobile and Virtual Reality: The Future of Gaming is Here Video games have come a long way since the days of Pong. Nowadays, hordes of Millennials can be seen wandering aimlessly trying to catch Pokémon in an augmented virtual reality world. All your major tech companies like Microsoft, Google and Apple are developing virtual reality related products with an emphasis on gaming—and for good reason. According to Newzoo, the global games market is expected to reach $99.6 billion in 2016 with mobile gaming accounting for 37%. By 2019, the global gaming market is expected to hit $118.6 billion with 44% generated by mobile gaming. That’s a big opportunity. When Google released the Pixel, it also announced its new virtual reality platform, Daydream, which allows users to stream content, play games, and more. The Daydream View headset is a simple, comfortable device that turns your phone into a virtual reality display. At only $79, the product should be an easy sell alongside the new Pixel smartphones. Months ago, Microsoft announced plans for a new videogame console for virtual-reality and 4K resolution gaming, dubbed “Project Scorpio.” Microsoft’s gaming revenue in the second quarter this year decreased $152 million, to $1.53 billion, which the company attributed to a “decline in consoles sold and lower prices of consoles sold.” Project Scorpio, expected to launch in 2017, and the updated Xbox One S that was launched several months ago should help turnaround Microsoft’s declining gaming revenue. Little is known about Apple’s virtual reality plans, but there have been plenty of rumors flying around. Apple has filed several patents and hired several virtual reality experts, leading many to believe the company is working on developing prototype devices. With Google, and Microsoft developing and launching virtual-reality devices, it looks like a party Apple won’t want to miss out on. Competition will continue to heat up between major tech companies like Google, Apple and Microsoft as they continue to launch new hardware and software, and increase their focus on mobile gaming, virtual reality and more. These companies, and many more in the tech sector, will continue to look for new opportunities to fuel growth and have the resources to pursue them aggressively. There’s a lot to watch this week with Apple reporting earnings after the bell today and its product announcement event on October 27. Google is also set to report earnings after market close on October 27. Apple’s earnings will provide the first glimpse into the sales results of the iPhone 7, but we’ll have to wait until next quarter to gauge the success of the Google Pixel and its new virtual-reality products.   Probability analysis results from the Market Maker Move indicator are theoretical in nature, not guaranteed, and do not reflect any degree of certainty of an event occurring. Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions. Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success. Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options. Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading. TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2016 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Posted-In: News Movers & Shakers Events Global Opinion Economics Markets Movers Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + GOOG) Technical Alert: Amazon Nears $700 From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Breaks Down Trump Presidency Risk On Internet Stocks 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear YouTube's CEO On Why The Video Platform Isn't A Standalone Company Here's What Some Top CEOs Are Saying About President-Elect Donald Trump View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GOOG Trending Recent 1 PBR, MTL: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 JNUG, JDST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 PG, BAC: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Tra... 5 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Respons... 6 CRCM, QUOT: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 7 BDC, ACM: Must Watch Stocks for Novembe... 1 MENT, LOCK: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 14 2 ABBV, GILD: Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvon... 3 GRUB: GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten... 4 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For... 5 TJX, XRT: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 6 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF O... 7 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For G... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Apple Earnings Paint Mixed Picture, But Crude Weakness More Of A Drag Caterpillar Hopes To Emerge From Its Cocoon In 2017
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 26° Air Quality: PSI 28-44 We set you thinking Monday 14 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream World Moldova's pro-Russian president-elect wants snap parliamentary election 1479119756 World Japan, South Korea sign preliminary intelligence-sharing pact on North Korea 1479119419 World Democratic Republic of Congo prime minister says resigns 1479119953 World Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors at Ecuador's embassy in London 1479120883 World Merkel's conservatives back foreign minister Steinmeier for president 1479120802 World Suicide bomber kills six near Iraq's Kerbala at start of Shi'ite ritual 1479120414 Business Samsung to buy car tech firm Harman for $8 billion, South Korea's biggest overseas deal 1479119609 Business 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market for $1 trillion loss 1479119977 World Declassify Auditor General’s 1MDB report, says Malaysia’s PKR 1479121875 Lifestyle Is your Airbnb host secretly making millions? 1479120076 World Double tectonic shifts may have teamed in New Zealand quake: experts 1479118386 Business China data point to steadier economy for now, but Trump victory adds to risks 1479118544 Business China's October property investment solid, but risks seen from curbs 1479118544 Business China reports rare drop in fiscal spending in October but no policy shift seen 1479118544 China&India In phone call, China's Xi tells Trump cooperation is only choice 1479118711 Business Oil pinned near three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC 1479118927 Business Dollar soars as U.S. yields spike; global shares divided 1479118148 World 'Utter devastation' after major quake, aftershocks hit New Zealand 1479107530 World Organic farms help Thailand welcome cranes lost for 50 years 1479117960 World Boko Haram leader warns Trump: ‘War has just begun’ 1479117989 World Hungary's Jobbik to resubmit constitutional amendment on migrants 1479117367 World Russia says ready to move fast to fix ties with Washington: RIA 1479116389 World Malaysia opposition MP sentenced to jail over 1MDB leak 1479117370 Singapore ERP rates reduced for 25 gantries from Nov 19 1479095760 World Bulgarian PM Borisov tenders his government resignation 1479114143 World Russia and Iran in talks over $10 billion arms deal: RIA 1479115044 Business Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5 billion deal 1479114410 Business Dollar surges to 11-month high as bond rout continues 1479114699 China&India Animal rights groups urge permanent move for 'saddest' polar bear 1479113460 World Thailand's 'floating basket' festival muted as country mourns king 1479114000 World Duterte says if Islamic State comes to Philippines, forget human rights 1479112547 World Seven Pakistani soldiers killed by Indian shelling: Pakistan military 1479112119 World Italy's Renzi suggests he may not stay on if referendum fails 1479111966 World Trump’s long to-do list for day 1 1479114078 Business Volkswagen's Audi in talks for second China tie-up, dealers uneasy 1479113016 World Indonesian toddler dies after church attack 1479113100 World Indonesia Miss Transgender crowned in a slap for hardliners 1479112860 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479112098 World New Zealand well-placed to meet multi-billion dollar quake bill 1479108940 China&India First woman to fly China’s J-10 fighter killed in crash 1479110478 World Indonesian police arrest five after church attack 1479107641 World Australia PM says asylum seekers to be resettled in U.S. after Trump takes office 1479106703 Business Europe's top truck makers could face 100 billion euro cartel damages claim 1479107556 World Nowhere to mooove: 3 cows stranded by New Zealand earthquake 1479108373 Singapore Additional NRIC re-registration at age 55 from January 2017 1479088800 Singapore Alert raised over scam phone calls impersonating the police 1479107160 Singapore Alcohol distributor sentenced to 13 years’ jail and 20 strokes of the cane for raping maid 1479105660 Singapore S'pore keen to strengthen economic cooperation with Indonesia: PM Lee 1479098700 World Clashes in Myanmar's Rakhine raise weekend death toll to about 30: state media 1479103150 World Turkish warplanes strike 15 targets in Syria's al Bab area: military 1479103617 Tech Facebook says users can’t stop it from using biometric data Facebook logo. Photo: AP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:05 AM, October 27, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. While millions of Internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others, worried there’s something devious afoot, are trying to block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of US$1,000 to US$5,000 (S$1,400 to S$7,000) each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the US, similar to those in Europe and Canada. Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google hasn’t responded to requests for comment. Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users’ personal information from emails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed. This year, the US Supreme Court set a “concrete injury” standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing on Thursday (Oct 27) in San Francisco over Facebook’s bid to dismiss the biometrics case. Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can’t apply outside the state under the Constitution’s interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn’t regulate photos. Facebook encourages users to tag people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. While those types of information are mutable, (even Social Security numbers can be changed) biometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. “Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people”, such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Mr Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, who isn’t involved in the case. Facebook has “cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database”, he said. And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognises faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 per cent compared with 97.5 per cent for humans, including mothers. Mr Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. While most of the earlier privacy lawsuits relied on federal wiretap laws, the facial recognition cases hinge on the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The Illinois residents who sued under the 2008 law say it gives them a ”property interest” in the algorithms that constitute their digital identities. In other words, that gives them grounds to accuse Facebook of real harm. Facebook got the case moved to San Francisco. “Just as trade secrets or subscriber lists can be proprietary to a company like Facebook, unique and unchangeable biometric identifiers are proprietary to individuals,” according to their complaint. They also claim an “informational injury” because Facebook didn’t get consent to collect their so-called faceprints. Facebook says the lawsuit should be thrown out because the users haven’t suffered a concrete injury such as physical harm, loss of money or property, or even a denial of their right to free speech or religion. The plaintiffs “have offered no specific or coherent allegations explaining how this collection and storage actually affects their privacy, much less causes them concrete harm”, Facebook argued in a court filing. Facebook offered examples that might work, such as if users were identified in an embarrassing photo that cost them their jobs, were victims of identity theft, or were caught in a compromising situation that harmed their relationships. While one person might be able to bring such a case, a group lawsuit would be impossible because it would “create a sea of individualised issues”, Facebook says. Legal experts say it’s unclear which side will benefit from the Supreme Court’s “concrete harm” ruling in a case involving search engine operator Spokeo Inc. “Spokeo is vague about what kinds of injury are concrete enough to count,” said Professor Julie Cohen, from Georgetown University Law Center. “Everybody is scrambling for advantage.” FACEBOOK V PRIVACY LAW December 2005 — Facebook introduces photo tagging. October 2008 — Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act. June 2012 — Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com September 2012 — Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe. 2015-2016 — Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. May 2016 — Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain. October 2016 — Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out. BLOOMBERG mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook did not sway election Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests: Which is the best? Samsung runs newspaper ads on Note7 fires: ‘We are truly sorry’ Report of different Samsung phone model exploding Nab those abs with this new game Into the future of public transportation, at 11kmh How to prevent these common tech nightmares from happening to you Family-friendly YouTube Kids app launched in Singapore Consumer drone business stumbles, but commercial markets beckon Inside Today World Declassify Auditor General’s 1MDB report, says Malaysia’s PKR In phone call, China's Xi tells Trump cooperation is only choice Double tectonic shifts may have teamed in New Zealand quake: experts Boko Haram leader warns Trump: ‘War has just begun’ Organic farms help Thailand welcome cranes lost for 50 years Business Oil pinned near three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC China's October property investment solid, but risks seen from curbs China reports rare drop in fiscal spending in October but no policy shift seen China data point to steadier economy for now, but Trump victory adds to risks Dollar soars as U.S. yields spike; global shares divided Sports Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore I don’t fear permanent England job, says Southgate before final GAME Reds’ Coutinho following in Neymar’s footsteps Venus and Serena give back to their childhood community Girl power as 15,000 turn up at Great Eastern Women’s Run Entertainment Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests New NLB free app offers unlimited downloads for selected titles The cheat sheet to French films About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama takes thinly-veiled swipe at Hillary for losing presidency to Trump as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry' - in first post-election news conference Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his sex-obsessed lifestyle' Illegal immigrant 'crashed his car into young woman's vehicle before dragging her out and RAPING her in a ditch for two hours' Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on key alliance  'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she has many sleepless nights since leaving Fox News 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before memory loss symptoms 'I came here to kill you': Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on the roof of the building she was staying in for DAYS' Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey be set FREE after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their wedding was suddenly called off Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne this fall for a flawless complexion Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane crash following claims they were murdered  California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid jail for alleged multi-million dollar health insurance fraud She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem of her dress' REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private dealings with Viacom that helped them secure their trust Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's historic win - and word breaks just as Obama prepares to face the media before trip 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says incoming chief of staff Previous Next Google's high-speed internet Fiber project is put on hold after boss leaves and staff are laid off  The Google Fiber program will not be rolled out in eight metropolitan areas, it has been announced Craig Barrett, who led the project, is stepping down It comes at a time when the business was under pressure to reduce costs The announcement was made by Google parent company Alphabet Inc  By Associated Press Published: 20:38 EST, 25 October 2016 | Updated: 12:45 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail 2 View comments Plans to roll out high-speed internet access in a number of US cities are being scrapped, and staff are being laid off by Google's parent company, it has been announced. Alphabet Inc will halt the rollout of its much talked about Google Fiber program, which was set to see new fiber-optic networks installed across the country. The places where the program has been put on hold are Dallas, Tampa and Jacksonville in Florida, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland in Oregon and San Jose in California. The program has been put on hold in Los Angeles (pictured) as well as Dallas, Tampa and Jacksonville in Florida, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland in Oregon and San Jose in California It has also been announced that Craig Barratt, a veteran tech executive who led the ambitious project, is stepping down as chief executive of Access, the division of Alphabet Inc that is running the Google Fiber program. A blog post by Barratt said: 'In terms of our existing footprint, in the cities where we’ve launched or are under construction, our work will continue.  'For most of our "potential fiber cities" - those where we’ve been in exploratory discussions - we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches.' The cities it is already operating in include Atlanta, Austin in Texas and Charlotte in North Carolina. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Harvard men's soccer team wrote obscene 'scouting reports'... And that's a wrap: Clinton ends epic money haul with final... Kim who? Police chief investigating the £8.5million... Beirut police officers used Google to identify and track... Share this article Share The business was reportedly under pressure to cut costs by Alphabet CEO Larry Page after it failed to meet financial goals Barratt didn't say how many jobs will be cut. His statement described the Access business as 'solid', but said it would make 'changes to focus our business and product strategy' and incorporate new technology. A recent report by tech news site The Information said the business was under pressure by Alphabet CEO Larry Page to cut costs after failing to meet financial goals, including a target of signing up five million subscribers. Tech news website Ars Technica reported, citing a source familiar with the matter, that the division would lay off about 9 percent of its staff. Google had been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States. 'The (blog) post suggests a greater focus on technology and deployment methods, implying a shift toward wireless,' said Stifel analyst Noelle Dilts. Google bought internet service provider Webpass, which uses both wireless and fiber technologies, earlier this year for an undisclosed sum. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body     DON'T MISS Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Wrapping up I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue 'He showed me how women should be treated and respected': Shanina Shaik takes a dig at her ex Tyson Beckford while gushing about fiancé DJ Ruckus Victoria's Secret model Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA She is 42 Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Extra presenter The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress The How We Do singer 'She's disrespectful and downright arrogant': The X Factor fans in Australia SLAM Iggy Azalea amid reports she has been given 'unkind nicknames' on set Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  British aristocrat 'I should be so lucky!': Prince Harry shows that 'worry over Meghan' hasn't got him down as he reveals Sydney will host Invictus Games in hilarious video featuring a Kylie Minogue ringtone ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' Beach babe! Bikini-clad Hilary Duff flashes her cleavage on a tropical getaway with her beau Jason Walsh Sexy poolside selfies by mom-of-one 'They turned out wonderfully!' Sylvester Stallone says he gives wife Jennifer Flavin 'all the credit' in raising their three daughters Accomplished trio Sizzling hot! Elyse Knowles flaunts her taut torso and trim pins in a skimpy white bikini as she bids farewell to Dallas Aussie swimsuit model  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: What HAS happened to Kate Winslet's wonky eyebrows?  Her right was more arched than her left 'She's talking to a therapist every day': Kim Kardashian 'still living in fear' after robbery but believes late father Robert watched over her during heist No wonder Harry's smiling! Prince looks forward to showing off new girlfriend Meghan Markle to the relatives as Charles and Camilla fly home  John Legend pays tribute to his 'beautiful wife and daughter' as baby Luna makes her starring debut in new music video for Love Me Now 'Some of the nicest humans on the planet': Scott Eastwood says Sydney hospitality is 'off the charts' as Pacific Rim 2 co-star John Boyega takes in sights  Oh baby! Bachelorette star Ashley Hebert and J.P. Rosenbaum step out for ice cream with son Fordham and newborn daughter Essex Reese Family treat Oscar-nominated Man From U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 after brief battle with cancer Was surrounded by his family The lap of luxury! Heather Dubrow debuts new web series offering a tour of her lavish walk-in wardrobe New YouTube series called Heather's Closet  'It's a myth that models don't eat': Heidi Klum, 43, sizzles in swimsuits as she reveals her body secrets Showcased her stunning physique Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dashing as he chats his new role in J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Sneak peek inside the new Hollywood hotspot where Kendall Jenner and Drake love to live it up like Gatsby Chandeliers and plush booths The world's her stage! Helena Bonham Carter embraces the moment as she mugs for cameras on NYC set of Ocean's Eight 'I'm sorry!' Dustin Diamond offers public apology to his Saved By The Bell co-stars  Decided to come clean, swinging by The Dr Oz Show Still got it! Ricky Martin, 44, posts steamy swimsuit photo as he prepares for the final leg of his One World Tour  In a reflective mood Awww! Hilaria Baldwin plants a sweet kiss on one-year-old Rafael as they spend the day together in NYC The 32-year-old looked great Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls true crime drama Unsolved to get pilot directed by The People v. O.J. Simpson vet Anthony Hemingway 'I still have work to do': Angela Simmons talks getting back into shape one month after welcoming her first child Opened up about life as a new mum Today's headlines Most Read Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for... Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran... Obama: Trump is committed to 'strong and robust' NATO. President says 'there is no weakening of resolve' on... 'We need men onboard': Gretchen Carlson urges men to join the fight to end sexual harassment and admits she... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns... Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Why sense of SMELL is the biggest tell-tale factor for Alzheimer's - and could be spotted 10 YEARS before... ‘I came here to kill you’: Ex-con who killed New York cop 'had been stalking estranged wife by sleeping on... Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Jilted groom, 31, launches lawsuit against ex-fiancée over a $125,000 diamond engagement ring after their... Beauty Crash Course: A leading dermatologist explains how YOU can tackle dry skin and holiday-related acne... Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia Bodies of former Polish president and his wife are to be exhumed along with 80 other victims of 2010 plane... California doctor 'faked his own death and fled to Egypt where he worked as a scuba instructor' to avoid... She smelled a rat! Manhattan woman is suing clothing giant Zara after 'finding DEAD RODENT sewn into the hem... REVEALED: Sumner Redstone's five grandchildren who are set to split his $5BILLION fortune - and the private... Four-year-old girl playing with a gun accidentally shoots herself and her sleeping mother in the head PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity... President-elect Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin connect for first phone call since Trump's... 'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win... Ivanka's husband Jared Kushner will be 'very involved in decision-making' when Trump becomes president says... Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... Trump could shatter a different glass ceiling by naming first openly gay man to cabinet-level post – and... U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary... Be very careful of criticizing the incoming president: Kellyanne Conway issues warning to Democrat Harry... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by... Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with her husband... 'I'm afraid of Donald Trump. He wants to hurt me': Megyn Kelly reveals shocking statement her daughter, 5,... MORE HEADLINES 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America in first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and THAT vow to punish Hillary PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of violent anti-Trump protests in Portland  Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has his free Veterans Day Chilli's meal confiscated after elderly white veteran wearing Trump shirt complained to manager that black people 'didn't serve in WW2' Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after earthquake causes major New Zealand river to break its banks - as ANOTHER huge tremor strikes  PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser goes to . . . every deluded millionaire celebrity who can't deal with the fact that America couldn't care less what they think 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey after media mogul tells everyone to 'take a deep breath' following Trump's victory and says she has 'hope' for his presidency  Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million illegal immigrants with criminal records - and insists he WILL build a wall (but part of it could be a fence) 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is joined by Chris Rock as SNL mocks white privileged Democrats' incredulous reaction to Trump's victory Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The president-elect is considering COMMUTING to Washington by helicopter from his Trump Tower penthouse 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an envelope labeled "SECRET" and leave it in the Oval office': Twitter erupts with hilarious memes imagining Biden's last laugh at the White House FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and catch online predators', stunning unsealed documents reveal  Ex-Goldman Sachs banker turned Breitbart News exec who once said he didn't want his daughters 'going to school with Jews': Meet Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey released after 10 years in prison Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed $800 from her dad Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White House: The Donald makes insider RNC head his chief of staff – but scorched earth practitioner is chief strategist and gets announced FIRST 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration - as the family says his hotels don't matter next to the presidency Trump promises to be 'restrained' on Twitter in his first TV interview as President-elect: The Donald says he'll tone down his social media commentary and describes Hillary's 'lovely' concession call Ross Harris found GUILTY of murdering his 22-month-old son by intentionally leaving him in a hot car for seven hours because the child 'didn't fit with his lifestyle' Revealed, the NATO slackers: Why Trump is so infuriated by countries spending less than half their fare share on European defence (and we should be too) Mother who let TIGERS, a fox, a cougar, monkeys and a skunk roam around her Texas home is charged with endangering her daughter, 14  Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer Eerie prediction New Zealand would suffer a 'supermoon earthquake' SEVEN DAYS before the tragedy – as terrified residents film mystery blue lights in the sky during the tremors White high school teacher suspended after telling black students: 'Don't make me call Donald Trump and get you sent back to Africa' NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Trump 'ditches Chris Christie over Bridgegate': President-elect is 'furious that New Jersey governor is letting "soccer mom" aide go to jail over scandal' EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her because he was unhappy about a 'rape' story she was running  Your gold door's worth more than my house! The riotous inside story of Farage and his Ukip posse's astonishing coup as he became the first foreign politician to meet President-elect Trump  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Here’s Why the Google Fiber Rollout Is Grinding to a Halt – Fortune Posted on October 26, 2016 by Fortune The unit’s chief is also stepping down. Alphabet is halting the rollout of its much-talked about high-speed Internet service, Google Fiber, in some cities in the United States. The company’s Google Access division, which provides the service, said its … Google Fiber suspended in San Jose and ‘most’ other planned cities; Alphabet unit CEO quitsThe Mercury News Google Fiber will lay off employees as it shifts to wirelessThe Verge Google Fiber halts expansion plans to review strategyPCWorld Bloomberg -USA TODAY -New York Times -OregonLive.com all 108 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security > Security Fixes and Improvements FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Adobe Patches Flash Zero-Day Discovered by Google and Used in Live Attacks GO Zero-day used against users running Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 Oct 26, 2016 16:20 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Adobe released today Flash Player version 23.0.0.205 that fixes a critical security flaw discovered by two Google engineers, which they say was used in attacks against Windows users in the wild. The technical description of this security flaw is "a use-after-free vulnerability that could lead to code execution," which Adobe tracks under the CVE-2016-7855 identifier. Adobe said an attacker had deployed this vulnerability as part of targeted attacks against users running Windows versions 7, 8.1 and 10. Neel Mehta and Billy Leonard from Google's Threat Analysis Group discovered CVE-2016-7855, which appears to be used in limited, targeted attacks specific to cyber-espionage (APT) groups. Adobe releases emergency out-of-band Flash patch Adobe Flash is embedded in Edge and recent IE versions, so the next Windows security update will fix Flash automatically. Chrome also embeds Flash, and updating Chrome to the latest version should fix the issue. Users of other browsers are advised to download and install Flash manually, and so are Linux and Mac users. Neither Google nor Microsoft has issued security releases at the time of writing. Adobe's announcement of an out-of-band update came as a surprise for everyone. Adobe usually releases security updates together with Microsoft on Patch Tuesday, the second Tuesday of every month. Both companies are expected to issue emergency security updates in the following days. Fourth Flash zero-day patched this year Updates for Flash running on Windows, Mac, and Linux have been released and are available for download. The latest Adobe Flash Player version numbers are 23.0.0.205 for Windows and Mac, and 11.2.202.643 for Linux distros. Adobe patched several Flash zero-days this year, including in June (used for cyber-espionage by StarCruft APT), May (used for targeted attacks and delivered via Office files with embedded Flash objects), and April (used for malvertising and pushing Cerber and Locky ransomware). #Adobe Flash Player#Adobe Flash#zero-day#Flash#Windows subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Joomla Patches Flaw That Allows Attackers to Create Admin Accounts Dirty COW Exploit Can Root Android Devices Linux Kernel Zero-Day CVE-2016-5195 Patched After Being Deployed in Live Attacks Recent Windows Zero-Day Used by FruityArmor APT Takes Over PCs via Font Files OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2 Mozilla Firefox 50.0 Now Available for Download, Brings Built-in Emoji on Linux    Adobe patches Flash zero-day Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Master Voyager Home Edition: Easily secure and backup your important documents on encrypted compact discs or USB flash drives, and protect your files from unauthorized users RogueKiller: Scans processes, the registry, MBR, services, the Windows task scheduler, and other areas for suspicious activity to remove malware agents VPN Gate Client Plug-in: A plugin for SoftEther VPN, whose main purpose is to easily hide your online identity via a network of relay proxy servers that conceal your IP address Kaspersky RakhniDecryptor: A versatile utility that can unlock files encrypted by the Trojan-Ransom.Win32.Rakhni, a malicious module that blocks users access to personal data SmartPCFixer: Unlock your computer's potential with the help of this comprehensive set of tools designed to enhance its performance and response times Farbar Recovery Scan Tool: Lightweight and efficient application that was designed to help you scan your computer for malware damage and resolve encountered issues Reader comments Load old comments   Bug in Mirai Source Code Could Stop Some DDoS Attacks Dead in Their Tracks more on: Mirai i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
null
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Advertise  Newsletter Tech Kids AR gets seriously real with next-level tech The summer of Pokémon GO has come to an end, but a competitive kids AR biz is only just heating up—and getting more sophisticated. By Wendy Goldman Getzler October 26, 2016 Mass appeal may be an understatement. San Francisco-based Niantic’s Pokémon GO augmented reality app launched in July to the sounds of Nintendo’s share price skyrocketing and car horns blaring, as people descended into streets, parks and malls in the name of capturing throngs of superimposed pocket critters. The app quickly became the most successful mobile launch in history, according to SuperData research, and surpassed US$250 million in revenue across iOS and Google Play within its first few weeks. The game didn’t just let people discover a Bulbasaur basking in the sunlight—it familiarized casual gamers with augmented reality and the ease in which it can be infused into their lives. Gone are preconceived perceptions of AR as being reserved for the goggle-wearing crowd. It’s as accessible as the tap of an iPhone, and poised to become more mainstream—and high-tech—thanks to the rise of AR startups and innovative kid-friendly products. These companies are vying for a piece of an AR market that, when combined with virtual reality, is expected to reach US$162 billion by 2020. The demand for fresh and innovative content is also reaching new heights, with SVOD giant Amazon recently revealing additional plans to produce original VR and AR material for its Prime members through a job posting for a mixed-reality development executive. Facebook’s search for its own film and TV content lead within its Oculus VR/AR unit also made headlines in the wake of Pokémon GO‘s launch. “After many years of talking about AR, it feels like it’s actually happening,” says Ariella Lehrer, CEO of L.A.-based Legacy Interactive and Legacy Games. “Pokémon GO came along at exactly the right time. I was getting pretty bored with kids apps. There are so many copycats, the discovery problems are serious, and the monetization model is tough. Suffice it to say, I was getting disenchanted. Then along came a breath of fresh air.” Lehrer, who holds a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology, has been in the business of creating kids interactive products for more than three decades. Like many in her field, she views Pokémon GO as a teaser—the app itself uses a camera and GPS to overlay digital images on real-life backgrounds, but it doesn’t scan and process its surrounding environment, so virtual characters can’t be realistically placed. “The Pokémon character is tied to your phone. It doesn’t know there is a park bench next to it. In AR—serious AR—the character would know there is a nearby place for sitting,” Lehrer says. Tech utilized in Google’s Project Tango, which features three cameras and corresponding software that effectively exploits all of them, is taking things to a new level with its processor that allows it to work a real-world room. “We need our tech to be a little smarter, and for that we need better hardware,” she says. “Next up is letting consumers stand in an indoor space and have a device know what’s where. How can we push the envelope and make AR better?” “Instead of phones glued to kids’ hands, you’ll see AR children’s books and games.” - Aaron Burch, TouchStone Research Lehrer is already answering her own question. Her company is currently developing Crayola Color Blaster for the Google Tango platform. The premium zombie-themed app, which launches on Halloween, lets users chase—and be chased by—virtual 3D characters. “This is exciting to me as a longtime designer of kids products, as it’s the evolution of play patterns. Kids are moving around the whole time; they can’t stand in one place,” says Lehrer. She adds that more Crayola-branded AR games for Google Tango are in the pipeline at Legacy, with the next product set to debut on Valentine’s Day 2017. “I love the fact that physical elements are involved. We are all ready for these things to be more social and more active—two issues with kids mobile products today,” Lehrer says. Physical benefits of mobile AR aside, there are, presumably, financial ones. “There has been a lot of investment in AR and VR over the years, but it looks like the oversized expectations weren’t always being realized, and now things are being reinvigorated,” Lehrer says. “There may be money in this after all.” With US$3 million spent on in-app purchases per day, Pokémon GO is a prime example of AR monetization in motion. Granted, the game launched with brand recognition in place, thanks to its Nintendo-published gaming predecessors and giant databases at hand, but the marketing and advertising worlds have also shown the opportunities that can abound in location-based servicing. (While its prior video games have benefited from the success of Pokémon GO, Nintendo did not play a part in developing the app. Nintendo owns a third of Japan-based The Pokémon Company, which licenses the IP to third-party developers like Niantic.) For example, a recent survey from Baltimore marketing agency MGH found nearly 60% of smartphone users who downloaded Pokémon GO were likely to enter a business offering Pokémon-branded discounts to players, and 38% were likely to purchase a themed product. “Once we figure out monetization, there will be varying ad-supported AR games, as well as ones with in-app purchases and premiums. Which means we will then be flooded with me-too games,” Lehrer says. “You will see AR experiences when you go to Disneyland. I am confident someone is thinking of that design right now. You will see it implemented in amusement parks, museums and more.” As far-reaching as Lehrer’s thinking goes, Ed Barton’s AR plans have been driven by his gut. Barton’s UK-based startup Curiscope has launched Virtuali-Tee, an AR app and corresponding wearable t-shirt that lets users view (in quite graphic detail) the inner workings of the human torso through a computer-recognized code. “We created Curiscope to make learning experiences we wish we had when we were younger,” says Barton. “VR and AR enable us to travel anywhere, so we made an experience that lets you see and teleport inside the body.” He launched his company last year after a long run in the kids broadcast space. Virtuali-Tee debuted on Kickstarter in March and swiftly reached its US$110,000 funding goal. More than 3,000 apps and corresponding t-shirts were sold at US$30 apiece, and Curiscope began shipping initial items last month. The app, which is available for iOS and Android, will go mainstream before Christmas. The inner workings of the human body are realized in Curiscope’s flagship app “The best way to use it is with Google Cardboard, which turns a phone into a VR headset. The objective is to have VR and AR that has everyday use,” Barton says. “You have frontier tech coming out that’s expensive, but it gets exciting when it’s on your existing phone. And when talking about kids, it’s important to make sure tech doesn’t target only the rich.” The expensive AR hardware to which Barton refers includes Microsoft’s US$3,000 HoloLens, the US$1,000 Meta AR headset, and Magic Leap, which is worth an estimated US$4.5 billion despite having not yet released its headset. The high prices are intended to put actual holograms in front of a user’s face via spatial recognition. Since AR-specific hardware is in a nascent and costly stage, Barton believes mainstream industry potential won’t kick into high gear for another three to five years. Aaron Burch, president of Connecticut-based Touchstone Research, however, thinks AR mass adoption may arrive slightly sooner. “We will see mass consumer adoption when these devices are no longer tied to the computer, or aren’t goofy-looking. What will help move things along is when AR headsets look like regular glasses and contact lenses—and they eventually will,” Burch says. “We saw 2016 become the year of VR hype, and 2017 will be the year for VR adoption. You will continue to see mobile AR take off in 2016, and the experiences will pick up in 2017.” And Burch is confident the kids industry in particular is ready to reap the benefits of an impending AR wave. “Instead of phones glued to kids’ hands, you’ll see AR children’s books and games. It will let kids learn about environments beyond their own,” he says. “Having things appear as they do in the real world opens the door to new mediums. It’ll have a major impact.” The education sector has plenty to gain from an AR boom, and Osmo has taken note. The Palo Alto-based company’s suite of seven apps, which teach coding, physics and digital literacy, are currently being used in 15,000 schools worldwide. Osmo’s latest mobile offering, the AR-powered Osmo Monster, pulls kids’ physical real-world drawings onto an iPad using a proprietary mirror-based AR gaming kit that ranges in price from US$79 to US$189. “Even schools, which are the last ones to come on board from a tech angle, are seeing AR potential within the learning space,” says Osmo’s CEO and co-founder Pramod Sharma, a former Google employee who helped develop the tech used in the company’s physical book-scanning initiative. “AR requires the use of more senses—we focus on the hands, rather than just looking at a screen—which has a strong implication in the learning space.” In terms of initial success, Sharma says Osmo Monster has been greeted favorably by the press in the wake of Pokémon GO. With regards to sales, parents are buying the product because they want an educational and hands-on digital experience for their kids that taps into the world of animation. It doesn’t hurt that the app, which took more than three years to develop, has been fine-tuned by a former Disney animation engineer and a Stanford University human-computer interaction expert. But there hasn’t been instant jackpot-like growth à la Pokémon GO just yet for three-month-old Osmo Monster. “I think Pokémon GO offers a baseline example of how successful an AR app can be,” Sharma says. “Now it’s all about content. What can we do with this trend? Content is where it will be big along the AR line.” TAGS:AR, augmented reality, Curiscope, Legacy Games, Osmo, Osmo Monster, Pokemon Go About The Author Wendy is Kidscreen’s Associate Editor. When she’s not sourcing material for the brand's daily email newsletter, she’s researching, writing and connecting with others about the newest trends in digital media. Contact Wendy at wgoldman@brunico.com. // Author Page Related Posts Pokemon GO: What appmakers can learn from the craze How kids public media is getting into the AR game Australia’s Tinyme launches personalized AR book Thanks to VR, a new era in kids storytelling is here Latest Posts Consumer Products Miffy and Friends lands master toy deal with Jazwares By Jeremy Dickson November 14, 2016 Featured Viacom UK launches anti-bullying campaign By Jeremy Dickson November 14, 2016 Tech Care Bears star in sign-language app By Elizabeth Foster November 14, 2016 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room Miffy and Friends lands master toy deal with Jazwares Viacom UK launches anti-bullying campaign Care Bears star in sign-language app Nick Israel to bow tween sitcom Bed & Biscuit Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2016 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened apps Nickelodeon mobile Disney digital media SVOD Cartoon Network DHX Media toys Mattel YouTube CBeebies Netflix Hasbro Corus Entertainment Disney Channel Disney XD Toys 'R' Us marketing Top tags Latest Posts Consumer Products Miffy and Friends lands master toy deal with Jazwares By Jeremy Dickson November 14, 2016 Featured Viacom UK launches anti-bullying campaign By Jeremy Dickson November 14, 2016 Tech Care Bears star in sign-language app By Elizabeth Foster November 14, 2016 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 Business Google halts Fiber rollout in some U.S. cities A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:20 PM, October 26, 2016 Updated: 1:20 AM, October 27, 2016 Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> is halting the rollout of its much-talked about high-speed internet service, Google Fiber, in some cities in the United States. The company's Google Access division, which provides the service, said its chief executive, Craig Barratt, would step down but stay on as an adviser. The division will also lay off some employees in some cities where the service is not fully operational, it said in a blog post on Tuesday, but did not provide further details. (http://bit.ly/2dIhsc9) Tech news website Ars Technica reported, citing a source familiar with the matter, that the division would lay off about 9 percent of its staff. Google had been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States. "The (blog) post suggests a greater focus on technology and deployment methods, implying a shift toward wireless," said Stifel analyst Noelle Dilts. Google bought internet service provider Webpass, which uses both wireless and fiber technologies, earlier this year for an undisclosed sum. The rollout of Google Fiber will be paused in Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Jose, and Tampa, Dilts added. However, services will continue in cities where it is already available. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
null
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 78° 78° Low 59° High 83° Tue 58° 79° Wed 51° 72° Thu 50° 73° See complete forecast Google Shelves Plan for High-Speed Fiber Internet in L.A., Plans Layoffs Posted 8:58 AM, October 26, 2016, by CNN Wire, Updated at 09:22am, October 26, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email If you’ve been waiting for Google to bring high-speed Internet to your city, don’t hold your breath. An image of Google Fiber Space, a small portable facility used to educate customers about and help them sign up for Google Fiber. (Credit: CNN) Google Fiber is pausing its expansion into new markets, losing its top executive and planning a round of layoffs. It is the clearest signal yet that the ambitious effort may be on life support. Craig Barratt, the CEO of Access, the division that includes Fiber, announced the changes along with his decision to step down in a blog post late Tuesday. “In the cities where we’ve launched or are under construction, our work will continue,” Barratt said. But for additional cities that were in talks to receive Google Fiber, “we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches.” Barratt also said Google Fiber will be “reducing our employee base.” According to multiple reports, Google is planning to layoff 9 percent of Fiber’s staff, or more than 100 employees. Jacquelyn Miller, a spokeswoman for Google, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the layoffs. Google first announced plans for Fiber in 2010 with the promise of giving customers access to Internet that’s “100 times faster” than usual. Since then, Google has rolled out the fiber optic Internet service to Kansas City, Austin, and Provo, Utah. Google had planned to bring Fiber to eight more cities, including Los Angeles, Dallas and Oklahoma City, but those plans are now on hold. The cost of wiring up cities with fiber optic cables may have become too high for Google. Google’s parent company Alphabet reported losing $859 million in the June quarter from its “other bets” division, which includes moonshot projects like Fiber. The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit. “It shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone that building digital infrastructure is an incredibly costly undertaking, and it also shouldn’t be a surprise that it’s not a terribly profitable one,” says Craig Moffett, a telecom analyst with MoffettNathanson. “These kind of enterprises generally end in tears.” For years, Google rarely seemed to bat an eye at the costs of its moonshots. Since restructuring as Alphabet a year ago, however, the company has pushed for more cost management, sometimes to the frustration of employees working on these experimental projects. “We continue to see Fiber as a huge market opportunity,” Ruth Porat, Alphabet’s CFO, said on a conference call in July after the company reported bleeding money in this division. “We want to make sure we’re executing against a very large and attractive market in the most effective and efficient manner.” Translation: Google will keep Fiber if it can do it at the right cost. On that call, Porat also teased the possibility of shifting from fiber optic cables to wireless technology, which could make the rollout more efficient. Alphabet will report third-quarter earnings on Thursday after the bell, which may offer a clearer picture of what’s next for Fiber. For now, analysts are hesitant to write off the service for dead. As Rich Greenfield, an analyst with BTIG Research, put it, “I continue to believe we haven’t heard the end yet.” 37.386052 -122.083851 Filed in: Local News, Money Smart Topics: Google Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Facebook Popular Protesters March Through Los Angeles in Fourth Night of Anti-Trump Demonstrations Security Cameras Capture Anaheim Mother and 2-Year-Old Son Attacked by 2 Dogs Ku Klux Klan to Hold Donald Trump Victory Parade in North Carolina Last-Ditch Effort Underway to Elect Hillary Clinton, Block Donald Trump Presidency Latest News Putin Calls to Congratulate Trump, Who Sees ‘Strong and Enduring Relationship With Russia’ Police: Man Arrested for Attempted Murder, Stabbing Person With Ice Pick During Domestic Dispute in Fountain Valley LAPD Will Not Help Deport Immigrants Under Trump Administration: Chief Beck Devastated St. Louis Mother Says Funeral Director Refused to Let Her See 9-Month-Old Son’s Body Nation/World Twitter to Lay Off 9% of Staff, Discontinue Vine App Nation/World Google Employee, 27, Found Dead After Going for Jog Near Mother’s Massachusetts Home Nation/World Microsoft Bug Could Let Hackers Take Control of Computers News Technology Download Google Duo For Simple, Free Video Calling That Connects Everyone Nation/World Groupon Buys Onetime Rival LivingSocial Money Smart Nation/World Macy’s to Close an Additional 100 Stores Nationwide, Lay Off Employees Technology Fantastic Audio, Unique Wide Angle Lens Make LG V20 Perfect for Social Media Sharing Nation/World Politics Who Is Ken Bone? Debate Questioner Becomes Internet Sensation Nation/World Google Testing Chipotle Drone Delivery at Virginia Tech News 4 San Francisco Students Shot in High School Parking Lot; 1 in Critical Condition Nation/World Iconic 9/11 Flag, Missing for Years, Returns to New York City Technology Google Pixel Is the Best Android Phone Yet Nation/World Technology Super Mario Coming to Apple’s App Store This Year, Nintendo Announces Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Starting Advice Funding Ideas & planning Investing in a franchise Sole trader Work life balance Financing Accounts & tax Alternative finance Banking Government Grants Loans Running Business management Buying and selling Employing & managing staff Export & Logistics Finding and selling to customers Insurance Legal advice Marketing Office & home working Technology News Law Management Opportunities Outlook Blog Q & A Search for: Home » Running » Technology How to check your online business is mobile-friendly for your customers Guide 26 Oct 2016 Here, Rhianna Camp looks at four essential tools to help you check if your website is mobile-friendly. COMMENT There are many measures you can take to ensure your website is fully mobile-friendly Ben Lobel With smartphones being an integral part of everyday life with almost every adult owning one, and seemingly checking them every minute, the importance of a small business having a mobile-friendly website has never been so pronounced. There are three big reasons why a business owner should understand the importance of a mobile-friendly website. First, a study by Google shows just how important a mobile-friendly site is as 67 per cent of those questioned say they are more likely to buy from a mobile-optimised website and 61 per cent say they would be more likely to leave a site that is not mobile-friendly. The second reason you should make sure your website is mobile-friendly is that Google is strict on how it ranks websites in the search engine results pages. For many businesses, Google provides a significant number of visitors and sales to its websites. And with the continued increase in visitors from mobile devices, some businesses cannot afford to miss out on this traffic. Following Google’s ‘Mobilegeddon’ update in April 2015 your website runs the risk of not appearing in mobile results at all if it does not consider your site mobile-friendly. Finally, a mobile-friendly website is key for your customers and website users. In 2016 customers now expect to be able to navigate around a website on mobile devices just as easily as their PC. Without a useable mobile site, you risk losing potential customers, enquiries and sales. Here are four tools to help you check if your website is mobile-friendly: Google’s mobile-friendly test One of the quickest ways to check is to make use of the free mobile-friendly test provided by Google, the Mobile-Friendly Test Tool. You can enter any URL from your website into this handy tool to test whether or not it is mobile-friendly in Google. Although the tool won’t test your whole website it gives you a great indication of how Google views your website. Should you have any errors Google will also let you know which areas failed the test and give you suggestions on which areas need optimising. Some of the common issues are: • Blocked JavaScript, CSS, and image files Blocked JavaScript, CSS and imaged files make your site appear broken to Google and can make your website unusable for your customers. This will force Google to consider your website broken meaning your online business will not be considered mobile-friendly and therefore potentially lowering your rankings in mobile search results. • Unplayable content While playable content isn’t always best used on mobile devices your online business you may want to use it on some of your web pages. However it’s all too easy for your playable content to become unplayable on mobile devices due to it not resizing properly. This causes it to partially disappear off the screen which prevents the user from being able to play your content. • Slow mobile pages Page load speed is an important factor to take into consideration. Many of your customers will be impatient and won’t want to wait for very long for you pages to load. Google recommends a 3-second page load speed and is a ranking factor. • Text too small to read If your text is too small then it can make it difficult for your customers to read on their mobile devices. In order to avoid being flagged up for this make sure that your text is a size which makes it legible on mobile screens. • Links too close together Having links too close together creates a usability issue for your customers when they are viewing your business online via their mobile devices. Doing this makes it more difficult for your users to click on their intended destination as they could just as easily click on another page by accident. • Touch elements too close Similar to your links being too close together, by having touch elements, such as buttons and navigational links, too close together can cause your customer to accidentally click on one they didn’t intend to. • Mobile viewport not set The mobile viewport gives a browser instructions on how to control a page’s dimension and scaling on a mobile device. If there is not a mobile viewport set then it means your website will not resize to best fit a mobile screen. In effect it will force your customers to have to scroll not just vertically down the page but also horizontally as content will be displaying off the screen. • Annoying interstitials Earlier this year Google warned that it would penalise mobile sites if they use interstitials, if they partially or completely cover the contents of the page a user is visiting. This could be mailing list sign-up forms or pop-up ads. Not all interstitials will get you penalised as Google has stated that ‘reasonable’ banner ads are still OK. Google’s mobile-friendly test tool shows you how it views your webpage and if your website is being viewed as not mobile-friendly, then you can expect your rankings in Google’s search results to suffer as a result. • Google’s PageSpeed Insights Being mobile-friendly is not just about your website layout, but the page load speed also plays an important role in meeting Google’s criteria. The search engine giant also has a Pagespeed Insights tool to help you check your page load speed. This tool is also free to everyone. This tool also only allows you to check one URL at a time rather than your entire website. Once you have run the test Google will then give you two scores out of 100 – one for speed and the other for user experience. You will be given a list of areas where your website performs well and other areas where you can improve. There can be a number of reasons why your page load speed is being hindered. Some of the common issues are: • Render-blocking CSS and JavaScript – having JavaScript and CSS above your content causes your content to be pushed further down the page when it is viewed by Google. This results in Google taking longer to read your page which increases your page load speed. Your JavaScript and CSS should be stored in separate files which are then linked to your website. • Unoptimised images – the bigger an image is the longer it will take for it to be displayed on your website, increasing your page load speed. There are some quick and easy ways of addressing this. Firstly, you can reduce the image file size by reducing the size of your images, or you can run the image through compression software such as FileOptimizer before uploading it. • JavaScript requires minifying – minifying JavaSscript involves removing unnecessary or redundant JavaScript without affecting how it is interpreted by the browser, e.g code comments and formatting, and so on. As flashier JavaScript is being used to help provide a richer online experience it’s easy for the files to build up. This results in an increased page load speed meaning your users need to be patient in waiting for your online business to load. • Analytics data – When it comes to keeping track of how much traffic your online business receives, Google Analytics is a powerful tool to be making use of. This free tool is also an excellent way of seeing how your customers are interacting with your website. When taking a look at how mobile-friendly your site is you will need to look at the mobile overview section which you can find under ‘Audience’. Once you have navigated your way to this particular area of the Google Analytics you will be able to see the data for desktop, tablet and mobile. This allows you to easily compare the three together. One thing you to keep an eye on when comparing the three device categories is the bounce rate as this is the main indicator of how each device category is interacting with your online business. The bounce rate refers to the percentage of your customers who leave your website without exploring past the first page they land on. Ideally you want a low bounce rate. A high bounce rate in your mobile device category is a good indicator that your online business needs to be optimised in order to be mobile-friendly for your customers. Although Google might be deeming your website as mobile-friendly through the testing tools previously mentioned, the content and design might not be providing the best experience for your mobile users. This means that your online business could be missing out on sales. Potentially it could be a small fix such as making the buttons on your website more visible, or it could involve more work such a rebrand to ensure that your online business is appealing to your customers. • Test on your mobile Using your own mobile device is one of the most overlooked ways of testing to see how mobile responsive your website is. Simply putting five minutes aside to take a look around your online business can give you a great idea of how well your website is adapted for being used on mobile devices. In order to get the most recent version of how your website looks make sure that you clear your cache and browsing data before you begin testing. Here are some key things to look out for if you are testing on your mobile: • Does all of your content fit on the page when you are viewing it? • Is anything disappearing off of the screen when you are viewing your web pages? • Is the text used on your website readable in different lights? • Can you read the text on your website when in a dark room and bright light? • Are the links on your website easy to click on? • Are links on your website clearly visible and readable? • Is your key information like contact details readily available and clearly visible? • Are your buttons big and enticing enough on your website that they stand out from the rest of the content on the page? When checking your website it is also important to be mindful of appropriate image sizes, as large images will push your content further down the page. When this happens it means more scrolling for your customers which often can discourage them from carrying on with making a purchase on your website. It is also a good idea to ask friends and colleagues to take a look at your online business if they have different phone models. Or with a little budget UserTesting.com allows you to get feedback from people all over the world, recorded on video. Just remember to make sure they clear they cache and browsing data before they take a look around. Which is best? On their own all of the free tests which have been mentioned are great tools to use in order to see how mobile-friendly your online business is. They are however best used collectively if you are willing to invest the time into making sure your website is mobile-friendly. Using them collectively allows you to get a more completed and detailed idea of how well adapted your website is to mobile use. Even when your website is considered to be mobile-friendly it is something that you should make sure to monitor, especially when making any changes to your online business. In order to avoid being caught out you should ideally run these simple tests every now and again. If you have done any development work to your website then you should make sure to include them as part of your post launch checklist. Rhianna Camp is a web developer at Receptional.  Further reading on technology in business How small businesses can use the cloud to grow Related Topics Mobile-friendly Comments (0) Prev Next Read More Latest Popular Workplace pension chaos: How UK firms might be paying unnecessary fines Business structure: Should I choose sole trader or limited company? Staff plan to use work time to search for retail bargains Majority of businesses neglecting cybersecurity due to lack of resources Why doing good deeds for your staff pays off Judges announced: British Small Business Awards 2016 Small companies back new prime minister Theresa May Seven great ways of investing as a small business owner Small business grants: How multiple grants helped launch a company Should B2B brands be funny and personable on social media? Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Small BusinessI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Products See All How small and medium businesses can take on flexible working Some 57 per cent of employees say the availability of flexible working in their workplace is important to them, according to Sage data. This guide to Sage 200 Online shows why more and more businesses are turning to the cloud. Find Out More Controlling Cash Flow – Learn to master your money Find out how five small businesses met the challenges of raising finance, from drawing up a business plan to securing investment. Complete with expert guides and tips to help you through the process. Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference centre Contact Details Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this Website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories North Carolina Voters Oust Goodwin Washington Re-Elects Kreidler News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Facebook, Google Amassing of ‘Faceprints’ Facing Legal Challenges By Joel Rosenblatt | October 26, 2016 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article 1 Comments Facebook Inc.’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google hasn’t responded to requests for comment. Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users’ personal information from e-mails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed. This year, the U.S. Supreme Court set a “concrete injury” standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing Thursday in San Francisco over Facebook’s bid to dismiss the biometrics case. Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can’t apply outside the state under the Constitution’s interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn’t regulate photos. Facebook encourages users to “tag” people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. While those types of information are mutable — even Social Security numbers can be changed — biometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. “Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people,” such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, which isn’t involved in the case. Facebook has “cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database,” he said. And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans — including mothers. Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. While most of the earlier privacy lawsuits relied on federal wiretap laws, the facial recognition cases hinge on the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The Illinois residents who sued under the 2008 law say it gives them a “property interest” in the algorithms that constitute their digital identities — in other words, that gives them grounds to accuse Facebook of real harm. Facebook got the case moved to San Francisco. “Just as trade secrets or subscriber lists can be proprietary to a company like Facebook, unique and unchangeable biometric identifiers are proprietary to individuals,” according to their complaint. They also claim an “informational injury” because Facebook didn’t get consent to collect their so-called faceprints. Facebook says the lawsuit should be thrown out because the users haven’t suffered a concrete injury such as physical harm, loss of money or property; or even a denial of their right to free speech or religion. The plaintiffs “have offered no specific or coherent allegations explaining how this collection and storage actually affects their privacy — much less causes them concrete harm,” Facebook argued in a court filing. Facebook offered examples that might work, such as if users were identified in an embarrassing photo that cost them their jobs, were victims of identity theft, or were caught in a compromising situation that harmed their relationships. While one person might be able to bring such a case, a group lawsuit would be impossible because it would “create a sea of individualized issues,” Facebook says. Legal experts say it’s unclear which side will benefit from the Supreme Court’s “concrete harm” ruling in a case involving search engine operator Spokeo Inc. “Spokeo is vague about what kinds of injury are concrete enough to count,” said Julie Cohen, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center. “Everybody is scrambling for advantage.” The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). Copyright 2016 Bloomberg. Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: biometrics, biometrics privacy, Electronic Privacy Information Center, Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, Facebook biometrics, faceprints, Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, Illinois biometrics law, Internet privacy Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Latest Comments October 27, 2016 at 8:24 am CL PM says: My brother died a couple years ago and I am executor of his estate. He was two years older than me. I needed to log onto his laptop in search of financial information. His ... read more See all comments See Comments (1)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Will Rising Earthquake Risks in Oklahoma Shake Up the Insurance Market? Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions Drone Makers Shift to Commercial Uses as Consumer Market Crashes TWIA: Agents Approve 18K Policies for Transfer to Depopulation Program Medical Marijuana OK’d in Conservative Arkansas, but Fights Remain What Happens When Golf Carts Hit the Streets P/C Insurance Execs See Growth Coming from Technology Innovation, New Products Judge Rules AIG Must Defend Bill Cosby in Defamation ClaimsMore News Features Most Popular Now This Week Commented Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions What Happens to Civil Lawsuits Filed Against President-Elect Trump? Drone Makers Shift to Commercial Uses as Consumer Market Crashes What Happens When Golf Carts Hit the Streets Toyota to Pay $3.4 Billion to Settle U.S. Truck Rust Claims What Happens to Civil Lawsuits Filed Against President-Elect Trump? President Trump Expected to Target Immigration, Taxes, Trade, Affordable Care Act Pricing Insurance for Autonomous Vehicles What Happens When Golf Carts Hit the Streets Judge Rules AIG Must Defend Bill Cosby in Defamation Claims President Trump Expected to Target Immigration, Taxes, Trade, Affordable Care Act | Comments (265) What Happens to Civil Lawsuits Filed Against President-Elect Trump? | Comments (62) Trump May Keep Key Affordable Care Act Provisions | Comments (17) Trump Could Rip Up Decades of Climate Deals in a Year | Comments (9) Pricing Insurance for Autonomous Vehicles | Comments (8) More Top Stories Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Digital Communications Impact on EPLIWatch Now American Modern’s ‘Most Confident Agent’ CampaignWatch Now Editors and Contributors Amy O' Connor North Carolina Insurers Want Supreme Court Review of 25% Rate Hike Denial Andrea Wells Graduated Licensing Laws Douglas A. Powell Q2 Report: P/C Insurers’ Direct Premium Written Up 3.6 Percent Andrew G. Simpson The Insurance Industry of Tomorrow Quote of Note I want to remind drivers that under state law, a crash involving a deer is considered a not-at-fault accident, and insurers cannot add a surcharge to your premium for an accident with a deer.   More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Do you think the workers' compensation system needs some federal oversight? Insurance Jobs Account Executive – Large Commercial - Nashville, TN Property Field Adjuster - Minnesota AVP Chief Underwriter - St. Louis, MO Marketing Representative - Dublin, OH National Account Sales Manager - Centreville, VA How Analyzing Workers' Comp Claims Helps Both Clients and Their Brokers 6 Things to Think About When Insuring Restaurants & Bars Study: Why Businesses Don’t Buy Cyber Coverage Lemonade's Peer-to-Peer Insurance Model Aims for 'Delightful' Customer Experience La Nina’s Stay Temporary, Could Last Through Winter Clarence M. Ditlow III, Auto Safety Advocate, Dies Questions Surround Trump’s Civil Lawsuits as he Takes Office Top 10 OSHA Citations of 2016 OCT 7: Top 7 D&O Coverage Questions OCT 13: The Unseen Impact of Work Comp Claims Reserves ON-DEMAND: Advanced Drone Seminar ON-DEMAND: Drone Coverage and the Great Unknown Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2016 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Google Fiber halts expansion plans as chief steps down Company will continue to service existing customers but won't install any new fibre-optic networks The Associated Press Posted: Oct 26, 2016 10:44 AM ET Last Updated: Oct 26, 2016 10:44 AM ET Jeffrey Ohngren, a Google Fiber technician installs a fibre-optic box at a residential home in Provo, Utah, Jan. 2, 2014. The company has halted further expansion of its high-speed network. (George Frey/Reuters) Related Stories 'We need to fix this': Big telcos hoard fibre optic networks despite CRTC order Competition heats up to build Canada's first Arctic fibre line, as Inuit want in CRTC will soon have to decide whether home internet access is a Canadian right Google launches smart, pretty router to improve home Wi-Fi Bell launches ultra-fast internet service in Ontario, Quebec, but it'll cost you Google's parent company is halting operations and laying off staff in a number of U.S. cities where it once hoped to bring high-speed internet access by installing new fibre-optic networks. The company also announced that Craig Barratt, a veteran tech executive who led the ambitious — and expensive — Google Fiber program, is stepping down as CEO of Access, the division of Google corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., that operates the five-year-old program. Is high-speed internet access a luxury or a right? Big telcos hoard fibre optic networks despite CRTC order In a statement, Barratt said Google Fiber will continue to provide service in a handful of cities where it's already operating, including Atlanta; Austin, Texas; and Charlotte, North Carolina. But it will put further plans on hold in at least eight more metropolitan areas where it's been holding exploratory talks with local officials. Those include Dallas; Tampa and Jacksonville, Florida; Los Angeles; Oklahoma City; Phoenix; Portland, Oregon; and San Jose, California. Barratt didn't say how many jobs will be cut. His statement described the Access business as "solid," but said it would make "changes to focus our business and product strategy" and incorporate new technology. A recent report by tech news site The Information said the business was under pressure by Alphabet CEO Larry Page to cut costs after failing to meet financial goals, including a target of signing up five million subscribers. © The Associated Press, 2016 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Prospect of President Trump spooks bond market, sending prices tumbling read comments Toronto-bound Porter flight nearly hits flying object, possibly a drone Racist posters promoting the 'alt-right' alarm Toronto residents In change of tone, Obama praises president-elect Trump's strengths read comments Road to Aleppo paved with many things — peace is not one of them video Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Closest supermoon in 68 years graces the sky More than 412 million adult-website credentials hacked Computer-brain implant helps patient with ALS to communicate 2016 on track to beat heat record despite slowdown in CO2 emissions Social media is blinding us to other points of view Quirks & Quarks Quirks & Quarks for October 15, 2016 Cosmic rays causing ‘space brain,’ berries turning birds' feathers red, and the book 'Venomous' Quirks & Quarks for October 8, 2016 A Nobel prize winner in chemistry, theory of mind in apes, and diatoms save the ocean Most Viewed What you need to know about the supermoon Social media is blinding us to other points of view 2016 on track to beat heat record despite slowdown in CO2 emissions November supermoon will be the closest to Earth since 1948 Microsoft Surface Book review: Who needs a $4,000 laptop? Donald Trump needs a science education: Bob McDonald Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' More than 412 million adult-website credentials hacked Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Scientists propose new theory about how Earth got its moon Don't Miss Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Climate change Global carbon dioxide levels reach highest point ever, likely for good Biology Sugary treats make bumblebees 'happy,' say researchers Moncton Wildcats put 'human hockey puck hovercraft' on ice Analysis Are robots coming for our jobs? Blog Star Trek at 50, fiction meets fact: Bob McDonald SPACECRAFT 'Cuteness culture' in space: Why we turn inanimate spacecraft into lovable explorers Legally blind man shares passion for stars with family-made observatory Superhenge 'Super-henge' found buried near Stonehenge Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Cantech Letter The Very Best of Canadian Science and Technology Home About Us Archive Currently Trending Cantech Investment Conference ||| ||| Wireless Interviews Software Lists and Data Cleantech Life Sciences Hardware Gaming Opinion Science Fintech Veritas Advances Enterprise Data Management with Support for Google Cloud Storage Coldline October 25, 2016 By Nick Waddell MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Veritas Technologies, the leader in information management, today announced that it is expanding its Google Cloud Platform integration with support for Google Cloud Storage Coldline. By combining Information Map, NetBackup and Google Cloud Platform, customers can take advantage of frictionless information governance with complete visibility, insight and greater control of their data. The number of enterprises using cloud as a backup destination is on the rise and is expected to double by 20181, according to Gartner. As this trend continues, customer choice in cloud storage destinations and the appropriate tiers within those destinations becomes critical to building the right data management and governance strategy. This includes backup and archive to durable, offsite repositories such as Google Cloud Platform. Veritas is advancing enterprise data management through simplified data migration to Google Cloud Platform by automating and optimizing storage lifecycle policies, reducing cost and improving agility. “Veritas’ collaboration with Google underscores our commitment to managing the world’s information and helping customers gain accessibility and insights from their data,” said Scott Anderson, Senior Vice President of Information Protection Solutions at Veritas. “By extending our support to Google Cloud Storage Coldline, we’re enabling our customers with more cloud storage choices to better balance their service level objectives, compliance requirements and spend for data that is necessary to keep, but rarely accessed.” Google Cloud Storage Coldline offers customers an ideal cloud destination for the long-term archiving of backup copies and disaster recovery of cold data with no compromise on latency or availability. Veritas also offered day-one support of Google Cloud Storage Nearline for storing backup data that is accessed less frequently (i.e. less than once a month). Google Cloud Storage integrates seamlessly with Veritas NetBackup Appliances, giving customers a complete solution for managing data through its lifecycle. The NetBackup Appliance offers optimized local storage for critical backup data that needs to be readily accessible for quick restore. As the data ages, it can automatically move through different tiers of storage, including cloud. All of this is managed via a single policy and management console. Veritas Information Map further illuminates unstructured data assets across the global storage environment for complete visibility, easy management, and new levels of insight from which smarter decisions can be made. Visit Veritas.com to learn more about Veritas information management solutions and Google Cloud Platform. About Veritas Technologies: Veritas Technologies enables organizations to harness the power of their information, with information management solutions serving the world’s largest and most complex environments. Veritas works with organizations of all sizes, including 86 percent of global Fortune 500 companies, improving data availability and revealing insights to drive competitive advantage. www.veritas.com 1 Source: Gartner, Inc., Magic Quadrant for Data Center Backup and Recovery Software, Dave Russell, Pushan Rinnen, Robert Rhame, June 8, 2016 Filed Under: Newswires About Nick Waddell Cantech Letter founder and editor Nick Waddell has lived in five Canadian provinces and is proud of his country's often overlooked contributions to the world of science and technology. Waddell takes a regular shift on the Canadian media circuit, making appearances on CTV, CBC and BNN, and contributing to publications such as Canadian Business and Business Insider. Cantech Newswire Rockwell Automation Invests $12M to Bring Science and Technology to Next Generation Workforce CROSSFIRE E-SPORTS APP Launched GE Digital Acquires ServiceMax to Extend Predix and Analytics Across Field Service Processes Matrix Launches PowerWatch, World’s First Smartwatch that Never Needs Charging Opterus Announces Store Ops-Center Version 16.3 Chasing the Edge of Science: Caltech, Liqid and Kingston Technology at SC16 KnowBe4 Warns Employees Against “AdultFriendFinder” Scams Philips launches world’s first detector-based spectral CT scanner in Canada Submit news here More news... Search the Site FREE e-NEWSLETTER Cantech Letter's free e-newsletter. Enter your email in the box below and never miss a hot tech stock again. We don't spam and you can unsubscribe anytime. E-mail Address* Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Copyright © 2016 Cantech Communications Return to top of page Site designed by Petersen Media Group, LLC Disclaimer Privacy Policy Most Popular Articles Search by Keyword or Ticker Symbol × Free Weekly Newsletter Free Weekly Newsletter Never miss a hot Canadian tech stock again. Get top picks from the experts in your inbox every week. Enter your e-mail address to subscribe:  
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Jamboard vs. Microsoft Surface Hub: Which Is The Best Collaboration Device? – Tech Times Posted on October 26, 2016 by Tech Times Google has revealed a digital whiteboard called Jamboard, which is an answer to Microsoft’s Surface Hub. Google Jamboard will be available in 2017 at a price tag of $6,000. ( G Suite | YouTube ). Advertisement. Microsoft revealed the Surface Hub, … Google gets into the whiteboard businessTechCrunch Google News : Jamboard Digital Whiteboard Launched, Hardware And Software All Company-MadeNews Every day Google’s new Jamboard is a digital whiteboard with a 4K displayCNET Recode -Fortune -Business Insider -InfoWorld all 90 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 26 GOOG: 799.07 -8.60 Android Basics: How to take a screenshot on the Google Pixel Justin Duino - 3 weeks ago @jaduino Android Android Basics Google Pixel Google Pixel XL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit You now have the Pixel in hand but how exactly do you show your friends that really cool thing on your phone’s screen? Thankfully, Google makes it extremely easy to capture your device’s screen and share it with the world. How to take a screenshot: Locate the screen or content that you want to capture Hold down the power and the volume down buttons at the same time for several seconds As of this writing, you are not able to take a screenshot with Google Assistant. As this is a feature in the outgoing Now on Tap, this functionality may or may eventually be brought into Assistant — but I wouldn’t count on it. How to locate your screenshots: Immediately after you take a screenshot, you will receive a notification with a link to the photo or you can select the Share or Delete button You can also go into the Google Photos application and your screenshot should be located in the “Device folders” section with the rest of your photos If you want your screenshots to be automatically uploaded to Google Photos, you will need to allow Google Photos to access your screenshots folder. To do this, tap on the menu button in the upper left side of the screen in Photos, click on Device folders, and click on the cloud icon next to the screenshot folder. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Basics View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google adds some new Android Wear smartwatches to its Store while removing other products +15,293 Andrew Myrick Oct 26th, 2016 Google makes sure that its virtual storefront is kept nice and tidy, and whenever devices are out of date, the company usually removes those items while replacing them with newer options. Earlier this month, after the release of the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google removed both the Nexus 5X and 6P to make way for the new devices. Now, Google has removed even more products while adding in some new Android Wear smartwatch options. Nixon announced The Mission Android Wear smartwatch back in March, then opened up pre-orders for the smartwatch in September. Now that the device is available, Google has added this option to the ever-growing lineup of Android Wear smartwatches. What makes The Mission special comes down to the ruggedness and water protection. The Mission touts the highest waterproof rating of any smartwatch on the market, with a 10 ATM Water Resistance rating. This level of protection isn’t without cost though, as the Mission is priced at $400, and you can check it out at the link below. Buy from Google The next smartwatch that was added to the storefront is the Michael Kors Access Dylan. It was a bit surprising when Michael Kors announced a new lineup of smartwatches, but nonetheless, the Michael Kors Access Dylan is now available. The smartwatch features the Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor, measures in at 46mm, and features the fat tire on the front that everyone loves (/s). The Dylan is priced at $350 and seems to be a solid option if you want a “fancier” smartwatch. Buy from Google The Polar M600 looks like a fitness tracker but actually, runs Android Wear. Of course, at its core, all your favorite fitness tracking features are included, with a built-in heart rate sensor, integrated GPS, and the M600 is waterproof. The latest fitness tracker from Polar was announced back in August with a price of $330, and also includes the ability to change the wristband if you want to spice things up. With Android Wear 2.0 coming in the next few months, it’s unknown if the M600 will include the latest version of Android Wear, once released. Buy from Google The final product added to the updated storefront is the Philips Hue Color A19 Starter Kit. With the release of Google Home, this starter kit will help you continue your efforts to turn your boring home into a smart home. Google states the A19 Starter Kit will be compatible with Google Home, hopefully sparking interest in smart home products, and opening the door for more products to arrive. The A19 Starter Kit is currently marked as “Coming Soon”, so we’ll more than likely see an update within the next few days/weeks. Buy from GoogleAll of these additions meant that there were bound to be some casualties. In that regard, the following products were removed from the Google Store: ASUS ZenWatch 2 Casio Smart Outdoor Watch ASUS Chromebook Flip Just because these items were removed, doesn’t mean they aren’t still available elsewhere. But with the ASUS ZenWatch 3 coming soon and new Chromebooks coming soon, Google is just trying to get ahead of the game. [Google Store] local_offer    Android Wear  Google Store  Michael Kors  Michael Kors Access Dylan  Nixon  Nixon Mission  Philips  Philips Hue Color A19  Polar  Polar M600   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading DEAL: Get the Moto 360 Sport for just $120 TAG Heuer introduces $9,900 Rose Gold watch Deal: Save almost 50% on the ASUS ZenWatch 2 Pixel XL completely sold out on Google Store Google Store offers financing on more than Pixel phones stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Technology First Look Google Fiber cuts staff, pauses operations while retooling strategy Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Trump to deport 2-3 million immigrants: A shift in practice or just tone? Colin Kaepernick explains why he didn’t vote. Do election boycotts work? Giant shield begins sliding over Chernobyl reactor FBI report: Hate crimes against Muslims rose by 67 percent last year Google Fiber, the broadband internet and television subsidiary of parent company Alphabet Inc. will lose its CEO, nine percent of its staff, and halt prospective operations as it reexamines overall plan. By J Walker Glascock, Contributor October 26, 2016 Save for later Saved Google Fiber service encountered complications in cities across the nation, leading to overarching questions about fairness and equality within the broadband industry and specifically Google Fiber. PR NEWSWIRE View Caption About video ads View Caption of Originally launched in 2011 on Stanford University’s campus in Palo Alto, Calif., Google Fiber had an ambitious plan to use optical cables to stretch incredibly high speed broadband internet and cable television services to cities across the country. Now following a consistent lack of revenue due to low enrollment numbers for the high speed service, Craig Barratt, the CEO of Google Access (an Alphabet Inc. subsidiary) is stepping down. The company is also pausing plans to introduce Google Fiber to new cities and planning to lay off nine percent of its workforce, between 100 and 200 employees. “Just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve – pushing the boundaries of technology, business, and policy – to remain a leader in delivering superfast Internet,” Barratt wrote in a blog post Tuesday, announcing the forthcoming changes. He continued on to say, “we have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives.” Recommended: Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out This comes as the most recent setback for Alphabet subsidiaries following the recent resignations of the CEOs for both Nest and Project Wing. Tony Fadell, the CEO of Nest, the smart-home company Google bought in 2014 for $3.2 billion, stepped down in June of this year, while Project Wing, Alphabet’s experiment drone program, announced CEO Dave Vos’s resignation last week. Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/14 When Google Fiber launched its service citywide for the first time in Kansas City in 2011, the company immediately hit roadblocks in connecting the service through certain areas. In order to qualify for service, neighborhoods had pre-register a specific percentage of households. While the city’s affluent neighborhoods immediately qualified, lower-income areas by and large did not, according to Wired. And this scenario was not isolated to Kansas City. The Google Fiber service encountered similar complications in cities across the nation, leading to overarching questions about fairness and equality within the broadband industry and specifically with respect to Google Fiber. The issue, however, is that spreading the fiber connection requires digging up streets, getting access rights to utility poles and navigating an increasingly complicated arrangement of competitive and regulatory challenges, all of which is incredibly expensive. Currently Google Fiber is one of the costliest companies in Alphabet’s “Other Bets” division which lost a combined $859 million in the second quarter of this year alone. In order to make Google Fiber work, the company is rethinking its approach to bringing high speed access to cities. “We have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives,” Barratt said in his post. “It entails us making changes to focus our business and product strategy. Importantly, the plan enhances our focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today.” It appears that one of the new technology and deployment methods Barratt referred to is to work to implement a widespread wireless network that would create a faster way to introduce economical citywide access to high speed internet.  While cities that already have Google Fiber or are currently under commitment for construction will not be affected, cities that had preliminarily been listed as “potential” Fiber locations will be put on hold and individuals currently employed in those cities will likely be downsized, according to the tech news site, Ars Technica. Next up Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out Can Google wirelessly connect homes to high-speed internet? Comcast sprints past Google Fiber with 2-gigabit Internet service (+video) Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us After election, faith leaders seek spaces for healing GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote – but does it matter? First Look 2016 on course to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look Chelsea Clinton: Why she might run for Congress First Look Amid surge in calls, crisis hotlines help people cope with election results   40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/14 Latest News Trump to deport 2-3 million immigrants: A shift in practice or just tone? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google Pixel phone bug alert: Company admits Arc Flare lens glitch; is this hardware or software issue? Google is expected to release software patch to fix Arc Flare camera bug in Mid-November. Rohit KVN   October 26, 2016 20:22 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Google Pixel phone bug alert: Company admits glitch in camera app, to release software update soon In Picture:Google Pixel phonesGoogle Official Blog Google Pixel series phones, which is currently rated as the best camera phone (as per DxOMark rating) in the market is hit with a bug causing drop in image quality. Soon after the release of the Google Pixel on October 13, many users have been complaining that the images taken from the phone showed 'Arc Flare' aka 'Halo effect' around the corners of the images taken under specific bright and low light conditions. Though this is common in all camera phones, Google Pixel's camera shots have a bit more visibly explicit. Why advertise with us? Related Apple iOS 10.1 update released to iPhones, iPads and iPods How to find out if your Apple iPhone 7 has faster Qualcomm or slower Intel LTE Modem Also read: Xiaomi launches Mi Note 2, concept phone Mi Mix with edgeless display; here's everything you need to know Recognising the issue, Google investigated the matter and has acknowledged the presence of the Arc Flare glitch in its Pixel series. The good news is that users need not have to replace the Pixel phone, as it can be fixed via software update. But, it is still under development and will take a few weeks to roll-out to public. "You can expect a software update in the next few weeks that will improve the effects of this issue. We're working on some algorithms that recognize the halo/arc flare, characterize it mathematically, and then subtract it from the image. :-) You will need to use HDR+ to see the benefits of this software," Isaac, Google Pixel device blog admin, said.  Also read: BlackBerry launches power-packed DTEK60, formally exits smartphone business Is there any temporary workaround to fix Arc Flare issue? As of now, there is no temporary solution to Google Pixel phone cameras. We have no choice but to wait for a few more weeks to get the software update. Watch this space for more update. Also read Google Pixel phone series to hit Indian stores next week Android Nougat seeding to Moto G4, G4 Play in India Quick Links Google Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online 9 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016 India and US: Best places and time to watch Jackie Chan's dreams come true, Police Story actor wins Oscar Why advertise with us? most popular Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Decoding mystery behind Morse Code; headphones and Easter Eggs in Battlefield 1 Important updates for Battlefield 1 gamers. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release New rumours point at a dual primary camera set-up on the next-gen OnePlus 4 smartphone. Photo Gallery In pictures: Supermoon around the world In pictures: Supermoon around the world Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures Gali Janardhan Reddy's daughter Sangeet Ceremony pictures. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Networking Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet In a recently published blog post, former Google Fiber CEO Craig Barratt said that he was stepping down, and plans for new Fiber cities would be put on hold. Here's what it means and why it matters. By Conner Forrest | October 26, 2016, 6:40 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Google Google Fiber is, undoubtedly, one of the biggest experiments the search giant has taken on, but it seems to have hit a snag. On Tuesday, former Google Fiber CEO Craig Barratt penned a blog post announcing that he was stepping down from his role as CEO, and that Google would be pausing operations in the potential Fiber cities. The post, titled "Advancing our amazing bet," explains rather vaguely that Access, the parent division of Fiber, will be making changes to its "business and product strategy." Those changes include a "focus on new technology and deployment methods," which is the reason given for the paused development. The post didn't mention which cities would be affected, but the city of Louisville, KY—one of the recently planned expansion cities for Fiber—told TechRepublic that it is still working with Google. Additionally, while layoffs were mentioned generally in the post, Ars Technica reported that Google Fiber will cut staff by 9% with Barratt's departure. SEE: Google's Fiber lottery: Predicting who's next and how Google picks winners The good news for Fiber fans is that Google claims they aren't suspending operations indefinitely, and that the work in existing Fiber cities will continue. Regarding the cities where operations have been paused, Barratt wrote that "we're confident we'll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we've advanced our technologies and solutions." Google's ultimate plan with Fiber has always been a mystery, but the basic goal is clear—get more people connected to the internet with faster speeds. In the past, I have written that Google could have either pursued Fiber as its own business, or simply used it as a catalyst to encourage legacy providers to increase their speeds. More about Innovation Our autonomous future: How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet IBM Watson's latest gig: Improving cancer treatment with genomic sequencing Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter. To quote an often-overused adage, a rising tide does indeed lift all boats. In the cities where companies like Comcast and AT&T had a stronghold, Google Fiber's disruption caused them to increase internet speeds in order to compete. That is great news for SMBs and telecommuters, but it is also good news for Google, as more internet users with faster connections could mean more people accessing Google's core products and services. The hope is that these legacy providers don't try to backslide on their promises of increased speeds in areas where Google has stopped operations. On the other hand, Google has been working on providing those speeds as an ISP itself, and it will likely continue doing just that. As the provider, Google gets valuable insight into how people are using gigabit speeds, and the potential for new internet products when these speeds become commonplace. The question is: Will they continue doing that with physical fiber? Building out physical fiber infrastructure is costly, and it's difficult to justify when Google has struggled to meet subscriber goals. Combine that with the pushback from other providers on sharing resources like utility poles, and it gets even more problematic. However, Barratt noted that Google would be "pushing the boundaries of technology" regarding fiber, and that could be pointing to one specific feature—wireless. As many have already noted, using wireless technology to boost last-mile efforts in fiber deployment is much cheaper and helps circumvent some of the headaches associated with physical fiber. Google's purchase of Webpass and its filing with the FCC seem to indicate that wireless is the direction it is heading with Fiber. Additionally, new initiatives in legacy infrastructure like copper have achieved 8 Gbps speeds, which could set the stage for even more deployment options in the future. If Google can successfully leverage wireless fiber-to-the-home technologies in its Google Fiber deployments, it could increase the speed of those deployments and potentially leapfrog other providers in new markets, becoming the first available provider in some areas. In the past year, consumer satisfaction with ISPs has hit an all time low, and if Google can be first to market with a solid connectivity option, it could solidify its position as a real ISP. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Google Fiber's CEO, Craig Barratt, announced in a blog post that he was stepping down and that Fiber would be pausing operations in some of the potential cities. Google Fiber will experience some layoffs in the affected areas, but Barratt said that the company will return to those cities when it has new technology offerings. Google could be exploring wireless, last-mile options as a way to leapfrog the competition in new markets for gigabit internet. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe Also see AT&T goes to war with Google Fiber in Louisville: Why Ma Bell could win and what it would mean (TechRepublic) Google Fiber pauses expansion, CEO steps down (ZDNet) Comcast, Time Warner take on Google Fiber in Kansas City; can the incumbents compete? (TechRepublic) Google Fiber reportedly told to cut half its staff to offset subscriber shortfall (ZDNet) Why Google Fiber missed the mark with free internet (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google halts Fiber rollout in some U.S. cities ReutersOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share 1 / 2 A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo, Utah, U.S. January 2, 2014. REUTERS/George Frey/File Photo (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc is halting the rollout of its much-talked about high-speed internet service, Google Fiber, in some cities in the United States. The company's Google Access division, which provides the service, said its chief executive, Craig Barratt, would step down but stay on as an adviser. The division will also lay off some employees in some cities where the service is not fully operational, it said in a blog post on Tuesday, but did not provide further details. (http://bit.ly/2dIhsc9) Tech news website Ars Technica reported, citing a source familiar with the matter, that the division would lay off about 9 percent of its staff. Google had been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States. "The (blog) post suggests a greater focus on technology and deployment methods, implying a shift toward wireless," said Stifel analyst Noelle Dilts. Google bought internet service provider Webpass, which uses both wireless and fiber technologies, earlier this year for an undisclosed sum. The rollout of Google Fiber will be paused in Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Jose, and Tampa, Dilts added. However, services will continue in cities where it is already available. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google halts Fiber rollout in some U.S. cities By Reuters Published: 10:56 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 10:56 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail Oct 26 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc is halting the rollout of its much-talked about high-speed internet service, Google Fiber, in some cities in the United States. The company's Google Access division, which provides the service, said its chief executive, Craig Barratt, would step down but stay on as an adviser. The division will also lay off some employees in some cities where the service is not fully operational, it said in a blog post on Tuesday, but did not provide further details. (http://bit.ly/2dIhsc9) Tech news website Ars Technica reported, citing a source familiar with the matter, that the division would lay off about 9 percent of its staff. Google had been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States. "The (blog) post suggests a greater focus on technology and deployment methods, implying a shift toward wireless," said Stifel analyst Noelle Dilts. Google bought internet service provider Webpass, which uses both wireless and fiber technologies, earlier this year for an undisclosed sum. The rollout of Google Fiber will be paused in Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Jose, and Tampa, Dilts added. However, services will continue in cities where it is already available. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager Google dishes out a feature-rich delicacy with the Nougat Mirza Mohammed Ali Khan   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Seamless multitasking With the split-screen feature, you can easily use two apps at the same time Seamless multitasking With the split-screen feature, you can easily use two apps at the same time Android 7.0 is bringing much better usability and battery saving Despite Google having discontinued its iconic Nexus phones in favour of a high-end user targeting Pixel, Nexus owners are still fortunate enough to receive the latest software updates. So when my Nexus 6 flashed Android 7.0 Nougat’s availability, I wasted no time in downloading the update and installing it, having heard a lot about early reviews talking about some handy new features the Nougat was tempting users with. About twenty minutes later, my phone’s screen lit up with a dull pink-hued wallpaper image, announcing the change in operating system. But it wasn’t until I received a few notifications that I started to appreciate the tweaks that Google had added to the Nougat to upgrade from the Marshmallow experience. Quick reply feature Users can now dash out those quick replies to messages on platforms such as messenger and Facebook messenger from the notification bar itself, a feature previously confined almost only to Whatsapp. The notifications also get a cleaner look, with refined-looking text. Another change to the pull down window on the android is that you can now toggle between controls such as WiFi, mobile network, flashlight etc, at the top of the window itself, without having to expand it completely. One new feature in the notification bar that I found really useful is that a user can now cancel or stop an app update or a download without having to go to the Playstore. A cancel option on the download status notification now allows you to stop an update whenever you like. Finally, a split Android users have often lamented the lack of a multi-window operating platform that lets you work on more than one app simultaneously. Nougat gives you a taste of what that feels like, with its split-screen feature. Press and hold the recent apps button (the square on the bottom right) to send a compatible app into split-screen mode, and then select any other app that you want to work alongside from your recent apps or from your homescreen/app menu. You can also control the display space taken up by the app, and this works in the landscape mode as well. A handy sub-feature is that you can drag and drop text from one app to another in the split-screen mode, making copy-paste easier than it even sounds. The recent apps button now allows you to go back immediately to the previous application by double-tapping it. Pressing the recent apps button also displays a “clear all” option on the top right corner of your screen, so you can close all apps in one go. With Nougat, Android finally lets you set a different wallpaper for your lockscreen, from that of your homescreen, giving you a much-needed variety in display. Toggling between the various settings also gets easier with a side pop-out menu that lets you switch between various settings without having to press the back button to go back to the main settings menu. The settings menu also gets suggested settings, which are recommendations for settings and features you could set up. If you don’t agree with a suggestion, you can remove it, of course. Battery and data saver Battery life gets a boost with the Nougat that adds considerable teeth to the ‘Doze’ battery saving feature that Marshmallow introduced us to. The ‘Doze’ on the Nougat also activates when the phone is moving, whereas in its predecessor, it was active only when the phone was stationary. Nougat also goes big on saving your data juice, with the Data Saver enabling you to restrict data access to apps running in the background. On using this feature, such apps will only be able to access your data connection when you are actively using them, hence giving users a huge advantage when dealing with apps that guzzle background data. As far as display and looks go, the 7.0 is not very different from its predecessor, but the handy and much needed feature upgrades make this OS worth waiting for. If you are a Nexus user, it’s probably on its way, if you don’t have it already. For non-Nexus users, the good news is that some major android brands such as Motorola and OnePlus have announced that their phones will be getting a taste of the delicious new Nougat soon enough. (This article was published on October 26, 2016) Related TOPICS computing and information technology | software | economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | lifestyle and leisure | mobile phones | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor BusinessLine Special: India at 70 Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire Godrej Group - Enterprise, ethics: the two pillars of an empire How the Godrej Group channelled the swadeshi spirit at home, and then went global » The Godrej rhyme The Godrej rhyme This poem, which traces the evolution of the Godrej Group in the early days, was read by Nadir Godrej in 1997, the centenary of the Group’s founding, at the inauguration of a research centre named af... » This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan This is an outstanding business to be in: N Srinivasan India Cements Managing Director N Srinivasan walks R Balaji through the company’s journey over seven decades.How have India Cements and the domestic cement indust... » India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ India Cements : A company in the business of ‘nation-building’ It is the produce from India Cements’ factories that have gone into building iconic Indian landmarks » Read More » BusinessLine Infographics Diwali pollution in four visualisations Unquiet flows the Cauvery: the tale of how it became a river on the boil Infographic: Mapping the Monsoon Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Daimler switches bus lanes for sharper focus I always have an India-first strategy: Gopal Srinivasan Assembling Make in India’s mobile dream Ford gets set to enter new phase in India Chennai offers a drinking water model for coastal India The many pain-points of the diabetes capital For a network to battle outbreaks: Andrew Witty Xiaomi Mi Max Prime is larger than life Italian auto market bucks the trend, posts good growth in 2016 Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Markets come to a standstill as cash crunch hits traders and farmers Plantation sector in limbo over payment of wages Fruits, veggie trade severely hit Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Technophile Fossil Q Marshal: Looks tough, acts smart This chunky offering from the watch major is attractive and rugged » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google Jamboard vs. Microsoft Surface Hub: Which Is The Best Collaboration Device? 26 October 2016, 10:31 am EDT By Sumit Passary Tech Times Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Google has revealed a digital whiteboard called Jamboard, which is an answer to Microsoft's Surface Hub. Google Jamboard will be available in 2017 at a price tag of $6,000.  ( G Suite | YouTube ) Advertisement Microsoft revealed the Surface Hub, an interactive whiteboard and collaboration device, in January 2015, and it has been available for businesses since July 2015. Google has also recently revealed a collaboration device called Jamboard — an answer to the Surface Hub. Here is what the Google Jamboard and Microsoft Surface Hub have to offer. Hardware Specs The Surface Hub is available in two sizes: 55 and 84 inches. The Google Jamboard will be available in a 55-inch model. The Google Jamboard will support 4K display resolution. However, only the 84-inch Surface Hub supports 4K resolution, while its 55-inch model has a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels. Both digital whiteboards sport a touchscreen display that supports a stylus. "Now people can use both hands to edit content on the fly, or use a mixture of pen and touch when multiple people are collaborating with the Surface Hub. This is possible even while several apps are open simultaneously," says Microsoft. The 55-inch Surface Hub includes a fourth-gen Intel Core i5 processor, while the 84-inch model comes with Intel Core i7 processor. Both the variants have 8 GB of RAM. Google has not disclosed the Jamboard's processor or RAM capacity. Both the Jamboard and the Surface Hub support Wi-Fi, USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 connectivity options. The 55-inch Surface Hub weighs 105 pounds or 48 kilograms, while the bigger model weighs 280 pounds or 127 kilograms. The Jamboard's weight remains unknown for now. Software Features The Surface Hub runs on a custom version of Windows 10 and offers custom versions of OneNote, Skype for Business and Microsoft's Office apps. Users can also download custom apps from the Windows Store for Business. "You can also connect apps from your personal device and drive them from Microsoft Surface Hub," says Microsoft. Meanwhile, Google will use Android to power up its latest giant whiteboard. Unlike the Surface Hub, users will not be able to install third-party apps on the Jamboard. However, the Google offering will come with a companion app for Android and iOS that'll allow users to work on the whiteboard in real time. The Surface Hub is a standalone touch-computing device. On the other hand, the Jamboard is a touch display that can be connected to other devices. Movability Microsoft claims that the Surface Hub is easy to mount on a wall. As for the Jamboard, a stand will be available to make it easy for users to move the digital whiteboard from one place to the other. Price And Availability The Surface Hub is currently available in more than 20 countries. The 55-inch model has a price tag of $8,999 while the 84-inch has a steep price tag of $21,999. The Google Jamboard will be available starting 2017 onwards for $6,000. Microsoft says that the demand for Surface Hub is strong. The company claims to have shipped more than 600 units of the Surface Hub in 24 countries and the numbers are growing. It remains to be seen if Google Jamboard is able to attract digital whiteboard customers and give competition to the Surface Hub. TAG Surface Hub, Jamboard © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Introducing Jamboard: The High-Tech Whiteboard From Google Prepare Your $$$! Microsoft Finally Ships Out Surface Hub, A Humongous Whiteboard Meant To Make Meetings More Productive Microsoft Surface Hub Not Only Launching Later Than Planned (2016), But With A Higher Price As Well Microsoft Surface All-In-One (AIO) PC Codenamed 'Cardinal' Tipped To Debut In October Google Makes Collaborating On Mobile Easier With New Commenting Features For Docs, Sheets And Slides From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 2 Space How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech BlackBerry Keyboard Phone Promised To Come: Can It Rise Among The Upcoming Generation Of Bezel-Free Smartphones? Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More 5 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 6 Apps/Software Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users 7 Gadgets Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals: PS4 And Xbox One Bundle Sales, $199 49" Toshiba 4K HDTV, Galaxy S7 Discount And More 8 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years 9 Gadgets Snapchat Spectacles, Nintendo NES Classic Edition Are The Hottest Tech Products This Month, But You Can't Buy Them Yet 10 Apps/Software Samsung Offers Developers $10,000 Per App Via Tizen Mobile App Incentive Program EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Costco Black Friday 2016 Deals Leak Early: PS4 And Xbox One S Bundle Sales, Surface Pro 4 Discount Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Local Deals Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Business October 26, 2016 10:36 AM Google Fiber on track for NC despite internal shakeup Michael Slinger, Google's director of fiber business operations, left, shakes hands with Gov. Pat McCrory during a press conference announcing plans to host gigabit broadband in Raleigh, Durham, Chapel Hill, Morrisville, Cary, Carrboro and Garner during a press conference Tuesday, January 27, 2015 at the N.C. Museum of History in Raleigh. TRAVIS LONG tlong@newsobserver.com i By John Murawski jmurawski@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story RALEIGH Raleigh is on track to receive Google Fiber, the high-speed internet service, despite a shakeup in the search engine giant’s telecommunications venture. All regions under construction, including the Triangle and Charlotte, remain on the list of communities to receive Google Fiber. But 10 communities – including Dallas, Los Angeles, Portland and Phoenix – will be indefinitely postponed after a corporate review in the Google unit that resulted in the resignation of a top Google executive Tuesday. A Google spokesman released a brief statement Wednesday confirming that North Carolina cities are still slated to get Google’s internet, phone and TV service. “Google Fiber will continue in Charlotte and Morrisville and in fact, we’re still on track to start accepting sign-ups in six other cities throughout the Triangle aligned with our plan,” the statement said. “We can’t wait to offer superfast internet to more residents in the Triangle.” The service is already available in eight U.S. cities, including Morrisville and Charlotte, and planned for Raleigh, Durham, Chapel Hill, Cary, Carrboro and Garner. The service costs $70 a month for the fastest internet connection of 1 gigabit, and $140 a month for the combined internet and TV service that includes more than 220 channels. Craig Barratt, chief executive of Google Fiber, announced his resignation in a cheery blog post Tuesday, entitled “Advancing our amazing bet,” that glossed over trade press reports about mounting internal pressure to cut costs within the unit. Barratt will remain an adviser while Google Fiber lays off an undisclosed number of staffers and pauses its roll-out schedule. “We have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives,” Barratt blogged about Google’s aim to disrupt technology, business and policy. “The plan enhances our focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today.” The New York Times reported that Google has started considering alternatives to laying optic cable, including wireless and fiber partnerships, that do not necessarily require the company to build a full network. In June, it bought a company that beams high-speed internet into buildings using a fiber-connected antenna. Barratt had been senior vice president of Alphabet, Google’s parent company, and CEO of Access, the Google Fiber project name. No replacement was announced. Google Fiber will give some Triangle residents true competition with a choice between Time Warner Cable and AT&T’s U-verse. John Murawski: 919-829-8932, @johnmurawski Related content Why Google Fiber stopped its plans to expand to more cities LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:25 Couple shares tips to prepare for retirement Pause 1:00 Wegmans may add grocery stores in Chapel Hill, Cary, Raleigh 2:43 DNA expert questioned on evidence in Peterson case 0:26 Nov. 14 supermoon is closest moon to Earth since 1948 0:56 UNC's Roy Williams will 'be damned' if he's going to emulate Duke 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy 2:32 Trump names Priebus chief of staff, other top advisors await appointments 2:38 Meet Judge Mike Morgan, North Carolina's newest Supreme Court justice 0:48 Sunday Supper on Fayetteville from the air 1:15 Obama on Gwen Ifill: She was an extraordinary journalist Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 days ago Gov. McCrory updates reporters on Colonial Pipeline disruption 6:26 13 days ago Gov. McCrory updates reporters on Colonial Pipeline disruption 0:33 a month ago 500 power trucks roll out to help restore power after Hurricane Matthew 0:57 2 months ago Gas station manager shares his take on Sept. 2016 southeastern gas shortage View more video Today's Market Nasdaq Powered by Barchart Business Bond market jitters start to weigh on post-Trump rally Cree sues flashlight company for patent infringement Donald Trump faces risks and obstacles if he tries to exit or even renegotiate NAFTA Samsung's $8B ticket into the red-hot automotive tech race Think you're prepared for retirement? Answer these 6 questions. Editor's Choice Videos Raleigh Top Jobs Auditor/ Investigator NC Real Estate Commission Steel Erector/Ironworker Apex Steel Corp. Electrical & Mechanical FAcility Design Engineers NAVFAC MID-ATLANTIC View All Top Jobs Search Jobs Powered by Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Google Cloud Platform Why Google Products Solutions Launcher Pricing Customers Documentation Support Partners Console Sign in Documentation Send feedback Try It Free Contact Sales Why Google Products Solutions Launcher Pricing Customers Documentation Support Partners Console Compute Engine Product Overview Documentation Quickstarts All Quickstarts Using a Linux VM Using a Windows VM How-to Guides All How-to Guides Creating VM Instances Creating and Starting an Instance Creating and Starting a Preemptible Instance Checking an Instance's Status Connecting to Linux Instances Transferring files to Linux Instances Configuring an Instance's IP Addresses Customizing Root Disks and Images Creating Windows Instances Creating and Managing Windows Instances Creating Passwords for Windows Instances Connecting to a Windows Instance Creating a Windows Persistent Disk Snapshot Configuring a Static Internal IP Address Creating a Windows Image Automating Windows Password Generation Using Existing Microsoft Application Licenses Creating SQL Server Instances Creating an Instance with a Custom Machine Type Adding Storage Adding or Resizing Persistent Disks Adding Local SSDs Connecting Cloud Storage buckets Mounting RAM disks Optimizing Disk and SSD performance Managing Your Instances Stopping or Deleting an Instance Resetting or Restarting an Instance Creating, Deleting, and Deprecating Private Images Sharing Images Across Projects Importing an Existing Linux Image Exporting an Image to Google Cloud Storage Creating Disk Snapshots Moving an Instance Between Zones Viewing Sizing Recommendations for Instances Changing the Machine Type of a Stopped Instance Setting Instance Scheduling Options Storing and Retrieving Instance Metadata Adding and Removing SSH Keys Running Startup Scripts Running Shutdown Scripts Interacting with the Serial Console Performing Other Tasks With Your Instances Setting Access Control Adding and Removing Project Team Members, and Changing Member Permissions Creating User Accounts Creating and Enabling Service Accounts for Instances Creating Groups of Instances Creating Instance Templates Creating Groups of Managed Instances Creating Groups of Unmanaged Instances Updating Managed Instance Groups Transitioning Instance Groups and Autoscalers from the v1beta2 APIs Networking Using Networks and Firewalls Using Subnetworks Using Protocol Forwarding Using VPN Creating a VPN Managing VPNs VPN Interoperability Guides Using Cloud Router for VPN Scaling Your Application Distributing Instances with Regional Managed Instance Groups Deploying Docker Containers on Compute Engine Adding Load Balancing Overview Setting Up HTTP(S) Load Balancing Overview Cross-region load balancing guide Content-based load balancing guide Global forwarding rules Target proxies URL maps SSL certificates Backend services Cloud CDN HTTP(S) Load Balancing and Cloud CDN with Google Cloud Storage Setting Up SSL Load Balancing Overview Enabling Connection Draining Setting Up Internal Load Balancing Setting Up Network Load Balancing Overview Network-based load balancing guide Forwarding rules Target pools Adding Health Checks Additional load balancing configurations HTTP(S) Load Balancing using Microsoft IIS backends HTTPS Load Balancing using NGINX Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy Autoscaled Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy and Consul Autoscaling Groups of Instances Overview Scaling Based on CPU or Load Balancing Serving Capacity Scaling Based on Stackdriver Monitoring Metrics Scaling Based on a Queue-based Workload Using Multiple Policies Understanding Autoscaler Decisions Managing Autoscalers Monitoring Activity Viewing Usage Reports Viewing Activity Logs Viewing VPN Logs Labeling or Tagging Resources Viewing Available Regions and Zones Advanced VM Configurations Build a Compute Engine Image from Scratch Encrypting Disks with Custom Encryption Keys Send Emails from an Instance Overview Sending Email with SendGrid Sending Email with Mailgun Sending Email with Mailjet Automated image builds with Jenkins, Packer, and Kubernetes Best Practices Designing Robust Systems Securely Connecting to VM Instances Best Practices for SQL Server Instances APIs & Reference All APIs & References Compute Engine API v1 Overview Addresses Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list Autoscalers Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list patch update BackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch update DiskTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Disks Overview aggregatedList createSnapshot delete get insert list resize Firewalls Overview delete get insert list patch update ForwardingRules Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list setTarget GlobalAddresses Overview delete get insert list GlobalForwardingRules Overview delete get insert list setTarget GlobalOperations Overview aggregatedList delete get list HealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update HttpHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update HttpsHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update Images Overview delete deprecate get getFromFamily insert list InstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances aggregatedList delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools InstanceGroups Overview addInstances aggregatedList delete get insert list listInstances removeInstances setNamedPorts InstanceTemplates Overview delete get insert list Instances Overview addAccessConfig aggregatedList attachDisk delete deleteAccessConfig detachDisk get getSerialPortOutput insert list reset setDiskAutoDelete setMachineType setMetadata setScheduling setTags start startWithEncryptionKey stop Licenses Overview get MachineTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Networks Overview delete get insert list switchToCustomMode Projects Overview get moveDisk moveInstance setCommonInstanceMetadata setUsageExportBucket RegionOperations Overview delete get list Regions Overview get list Routers Overview aggregatedList delete get getRouterStatus insert list patch preview update Routes Overview delete get insert list Snapshots Overview delete get list SslCertificates Overview delete get insert list Subnetworks Overview aggregatedList delete expandIpCidrRange get insert list TargetHttpProxies Overview delete get insert list setUrlMap TargetHttpsProxies Overview delete get insert list setSslCertificates setUrlMap TargetInstances Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list TargetPools Overview addHealthCheck addInstance aggregatedList delete get getHealth insert list removeHealthCheck removeInstance setBackup TargetSslProxies Overview delete get insert list setBackendService setProxyHeader setSslCertificates TargetVpnGateways Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list UrlMaps Overview delete get insert invalidateCache list patch update validate VpnTunnels Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list ZoneOperations Overview delete get list Zones Overview get list Beta Overview Addresses Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions Autoscalers Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update BackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch testIamPermissions update DiskTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Disks Overview aggregatedList createSnapshot delete get insert list resize setLabels testIamPermissions Firewalls Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update ForwardingRules Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list setTarget testIamPermissions GlobalAddresses Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions GlobalForwardingRules Overview delete get insert list setTarget testIamPermissions GlobalOperations Overview aggregatedList delete get list HealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update HttpHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update HttpsHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update Images Overview delete deprecate get getFromFamily insert list setLabels testIamPermissions InstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances aggregatedList delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize resizeAdvanced setAutoHealingPolicies setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools testIamPermissions InstanceGroups Overview addInstances aggregatedList delete get insert list listInstances removeInstances setNamedPorts testIamPermissions InstanceTemplates Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Instances Overview addAccessConfig aggregatedList attachDisk delete deleteAccessConfig detachDisk get getSerialPortOutput insert list reset setDiskAutoDelete setLabels setMachineType setMetadata setScheduling setTags start startWithEncryptionKey stop testIamPermissions Licenses Overview get MachineTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Networks Overview delete get insert list switchToCustomMode testIamPermissions Projects Overview get moveDisk moveInstance setCommonInstanceMetadata setUsageExportBucket RegionAutoscalers Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update RegionBackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch testIamPermissions update RegionInstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize setAutoHealingPolicies setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools testIamPermissions RegionInstanceGroups Overview get list listInstances setNamedPorts testIamPermissions RegionOperations Overview delete get list Regions Overview get list Routers Overview aggregatedList delete get getRouterStatus insert list patch testIamPermissions update Routes Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Snapshots Overview delete get list setLabels testIamPermissions SslCertificates Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Subnetworks Overview aggregatedList delete expandIpCidrRange get insert list testIamPermissions TargetHttpProxies Overview delete get insert list setUrlMap testIamPermissions TargetHttpsProxies Overview delete get insert list setSslCertificates setUrlMap testIamPermissions TargetInstances Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions TargetPools Overview addHealthCheck addInstance aggregatedList delete get getHealth insert list removeHealthCheck removeInstance setBackup testIamPermissions TargetSslProxies Overview delete get insert list setBackendService setProxyHeader setSslCertificates testIamPermissions TargetVpnGateways Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions UrlMaps Overview delete get insert invalidateCache list patch testIamPermissions update validate VpnTunnels Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions ZoneOperations Overview delete get list Zones Overview get list Prerequisites Using the API How-To Guides Overview Authorizing Requests Creating API Requests and Handling Responses Standard Query Parameters Improving Application Performance Batch Requests API Rate Limits Client Libraries Overview Javascript Client Library Sample Node.js Client Library Sample Python Client Library Sample User Accounts API Beta Overview GlobalAccountsOperations Overview delete get list Groups Overview addMember delete get insert list removeMember Linux Overview getAuthorizedKeysView getLinuxAccountViews getLinuxViews Users Overview addPublicKey delete get insert list removePublicKey Using the API Client Libraries How-To Guides Overview Improve Performance Authorize Requests Batch Requests Deprecated APIs Instance Group Updater API v1beta1 Overview RollingUpdates Overview cancel get insert list listInstanceUpdates pause resume rollback ZoneOperations Overview get Client Libraries How-To Guides Overview Standard Query Parameters Improve Performance Authorize Requests Batch Requests User Accounts Alpha Overview GlobalAccountsOperations Overview delete get list Groups Overview addMember delete get getIamPolicy insert list removeMember setIamPolicy testIamPermissions Linux Overview getAuthorizedKeysView getLinuxAccountViews Users Overview addPublicKey delete get getIamPolicy insert list removePublicKey setIamPolicy testIamPermissions gcloud compute Overview Usage Tips Google Cloud Platform Console Overview SSH from the Browser Concepts All Concepts Virtual Machine (VM) Instances Overview Machine Types Images SSH Keys Preemptible VM Instances Instance Groups Windows on Compute Engine Storage Options Networking and Firewalls Overview IP Addresses Load Balancing and Scaling VPN Overview Routing and VPN Advanced VPN configurations Regions and Zones Overview Global, Regional, and Zonal Resources Google Cloud Platform Projects Access Control Options Overview Identity and Access Management (IAM) Roles Service Accounts Tutorials All Tutorials Running a Basic Web Server Apache IIS Building Web Applications Building scalable and resilient web applications Deploying an ASP.NET application Invoking legacy code Monte Carlo Methods using Apache Spark Remote Access to MySQL on Google Compute Engine Setting up Active Directory Setting up Drupal Setting up Joomla Setting up LAMP Setting up LEMP Setting up a Minecraft server Setting up MySQL on Compute Engine Setting up PostgreSQL Setting up PostgreSQL on Compute Engine Setting up a PostgreSQL data disk Setting up PostgreSQL with Hot Standby Transferring files to your server Load Balancing Network-Based Load Balancing Content-Based Load Balancing Cross-region Load Balancing HTTPS Load Balancing using NGINX HTTP(S) Load Balancing using Microsoft IIS Backends Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy Autoscaled Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy and Consul Load Testing Distributed load testing using Kubernetes SSH Port Forwarding and Load Testing Load Testing SQL Server Using HammerDB Performing Batch Processing and Data Analysis Batch processing with Autoscaler Real-time logs analysis using Fluentd and BigQuery Reliable task scheduling on Google Compute Engine Creating a High-Performance SQL Server Instance Resources All Resources Pricing and Quotas Pricing Resource Quotas Release Notes Videos and Samples Third-party Software & Services Google Compute Engine for DoubleClick Support Tips and Troubleshooting VPN Troubleshooting Security Bulletins Getting Help Getting Support for Windows Instances Frequently Asked Questions Launch Checklist Migrating Your VMs to Compute Engine Report Abuse Service Level Agreement Compute Engine Product Overview Documentation Quickstarts All Quickstarts Using a Linux VM Using a Windows VM How-to Guides All How-to Guides Creating VM Instances Creating and Starting an Instance Creating and Starting a Preemptible Instance Checking an Instance's Status Connecting to Linux Instances Transferring files to Linux Instances Configuring an Instance's IP Addresses Customizing Root Disks and Images Creating Windows Instances Creating and Managing Windows Instances Creating Passwords for Windows Instances Connecting to a Windows Instance Creating a Windows Persistent Disk Snapshot Configuring a Static Internal IP Address Creating a Windows Image Automating Windows Password Generation Using Existing Microsoft Application Licenses Creating SQL Server Instances Creating an Instance with a Custom Machine Type Adding Storage Adding or Resizing Persistent Disks Adding Local SSDs Connecting Cloud Storage buckets Mounting RAM disks Optimizing Disk and SSD performance Managing Your Instances Stopping or Deleting an Instance Resetting or Restarting an Instance Creating, Deleting, and Deprecating Private Images Sharing Images Across Projects Importing an Existing Linux Image Exporting an Image to Google Cloud Storage Creating Disk Snapshots Moving an Instance Between Zones Viewing Sizing Recommendations for Instances Changing the Machine Type of a Stopped Instance Setting Instance Scheduling Options Storing and Retrieving Instance Metadata Adding and Removing SSH Keys Running Startup Scripts Running Shutdown Scripts Interacting with the Serial Console Performing Other Tasks With Your Instances Setting Access Control Adding and Removing Project Team Members, and Changing Member Permissions Creating User Accounts Creating and Enabling Service Accounts for Instances Creating Groups of Instances Creating Instance Templates Creating Groups of Managed Instances Creating Groups of Unmanaged Instances Updating Managed Instance Groups Transitioning Instance Groups and Autoscalers from the v1beta2 APIs Networking Using Networks and Firewalls Using Subnetworks Using Protocol Forwarding Using VPN Creating a VPN Managing VPNs VPN Interoperability Guides Using Cloud Router for VPN Scaling Your Application Distributing Instances with Regional Managed Instance Groups Deploying Docker Containers on Compute Engine Adding Load Balancing Overview Setting Up HTTP(S) Load Balancing Overview Cross-region load balancing guide Content-based load balancing guide Global forwarding rules Target proxies URL maps SSL certificates Backend services Cloud CDN HTTP(S) Load Balancing and Cloud CDN with Google Cloud Storage Setting Up SSL Load Balancing Overview Enabling Connection Draining Setting Up Internal Load Balancing Setting Up Network Load Balancing Overview Network-based load balancing guide Forwarding rules Target pools Adding Health Checks Additional load balancing configurations HTTP(S) Load Balancing using Microsoft IIS backends HTTPS Load Balancing using NGINX Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy Autoscaled Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy and Consul Autoscaling Groups of Instances Overview Scaling Based on CPU or Load Balancing Serving Capacity Scaling Based on Stackdriver Monitoring Metrics Scaling Based on a Queue-based Workload Using Multiple Policies Understanding Autoscaler Decisions Managing Autoscalers Monitoring Activity Viewing Usage Reports Viewing Activity Logs Viewing VPN Logs Labeling or Tagging Resources Viewing Available Regions and Zones Advanced VM Configurations Build a Compute Engine Image from Scratch Encrypting Disks with Custom Encryption Keys Send Emails from an Instance Overview Sending Email with SendGrid Sending Email with Mailgun Sending Email with Mailjet Automated image builds with Jenkins, Packer, and Kubernetes Best Practices Designing Robust Systems Securely Connecting to VM Instances Best Practices for SQL Server Instances APIs & Reference All APIs & References Compute Engine API v1 Overview Addresses Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list Autoscalers Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list patch update BackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch update DiskTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Disks Overview aggregatedList createSnapshot delete get insert list resize Firewalls Overview delete get insert list patch update ForwardingRules Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list setTarget GlobalAddresses Overview delete get insert list GlobalForwardingRules Overview delete get insert list setTarget GlobalOperations Overview aggregatedList delete get list HealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update HttpHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update HttpsHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch update Images Overview delete deprecate get getFromFamily insert list InstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances aggregatedList delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools InstanceGroups Overview addInstances aggregatedList delete get insert list listInstances removeInstances setNamedPorts InstanceTemplates Overview delete get insert list Instances Overview addAccessConfig aggregatedList attachDisk delete deleteAccessConfig detachDisk get getSerialPortOutput insert list reset setDiskAutoDelete setMachineType setMetadata setScheduling setTags start startWithEncryptionKey stop Licenses Overview get MachineTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Networks Overview delete get insert list switchToCustomMode Projects Overview get moveDisk moveInstance setCommonInstanceMetadata setUsageExportBucket RegionOperations Overview delete get list Regions Overview get list Routers Overview aggregatedList delete get getRouterStatus insert list patch preview update Routes Overview delete get insert list Snapshots Overview delete get list SslCertificates Overview delete get insert list Subnetworks Overview aggregatedList delete expandIpCidrRange get insert list TargetHttpProxies Overview delete get insert list setUrlMap TargetHttpsProxies Overview delete get insert list setSslCertificates setUrlMap TargetInstances Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list TargetPools Overview addHealthCheck addInstance aggregatedList delete get getHealth insert list removeHealthCheck removeInstance setBackup TargetSslProxies Overview delete get insert list setBackendService setProxyHeader setSslCertificates TargetVpnGateways Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list UrlMaps Overview delete get insert invalidateCache list patch update validate VpnTunnels Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list ZoneOperations Overview delete get list Zones Overview get list Beta Overview Addresses Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions Autoscalers Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update BackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch testIamPermissions update DiskTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Disks Overview aggregatedList createSnapshot delete get insert list resize setLabels testIamPermissions Firewalls Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update ForwardingRules Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list setTarget testIamPermissions GlobalAddresses Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions GlobalForwardingRules Overview delete get insert list setTarget testIamPermissions GlobalOperations Overview aggregatedList delete get list HealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update HttpHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update HttpsHealthChecks Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update Images Overview delete deprecate get getFromFamily insert list setLabels testIamPermissions InstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances aggregatedList delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize resizeAdvanced setAutoHealingPolicies setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools testIamPermissions InstanceGroups Overview addInstances aggregatedList delete get insert list listInstances removeInstances setNamedPorts testIamPermissions InstanceTemplates Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Instances Overview addAccessConfig aggregatedList attachDisk delete deleteAccessConfig detachDisk get getSerialPortOutput insert list reset setDiskAutoDelete setLabels setMachineType setMetadata setScheduling setTags start startWithEncryptionKey stop testIamPermissions Licenses Overview get MachineTypes Overview aggregatedList get list Networks Overview delete get insert list switchToCustomMode testIamPermissions Projects Overview get moveDisk moveInstance setCommonInstanceMetadata setUsageExportBucket RegionAutoscalers Overview delete get insert list patch testIamPermissions update RegionBackendServices Overview delete get getHealth insert list patch testIamPermissions update RegionInstanceGroupManagers Overview abandonInstances delete deleteInstances get insert list listManagedInstances recreateInstances resize setAutoHealingPolicies setInstanceTemplate setTargetPools testIamPermissions RegionInstanceGroups Overview get list listInstances setNamedPorts testIamPermissions RegionOperations Overview delete get list Regions Overview get list Routers Overview aggregatedList delete get getRouterStatus insert list patch testIamPermissions update Routes Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Snapshots Overview delete get list setLabels testIamPermissions SslCertificates Overview delete get insert list testIamPermissions Subnetworks Overview aggregatedList delete expandIpCidrRange get insert list testIamPermissions TargetHttpProxies Overview delete get insert list setUrlMap testIamPermissions TargetHttpsProxies Overview delete get insert list setSslCertificates setUrlMap testIamPermissions TargetInstances Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions TargetPools Overview addHealthCheck addInstance aggregatedList delete get getHealth insert list removeHealthCheck removeInstance setBackup testIamPermissions TargetSslProxies Overview delete get insert list setBackendService setProxyHeader setSslCertificates testIamPermissions TargetVpnGateways Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions UrlMaps Overview delete get insert invalidateCache list patch testIamPermissions update validate VpnTunnels Overview aggregatedList delete get insert list testIamPermissions ZoneOperations Overview delete get list Zones Overview get list Prerequisites Using the API How-To Guides Overview Authorizing Requests Creating API Requests and Handling Responses Standard Query Parameters Improving Application Performance Batch Requests API Rate Limits Client Libraries Overview Javascript Client Library Sample Node.js Client Library Sample Python Client Library Sample User Accounts API Beta Overview GlobalAccountsOperations Overview delete get list Groups Overview addMember delete get insert list removeMember Linux Overview getAuthorizedKeysView getLinuxAccountViews getLinuxViews Users Overview addPublicKey delete get insert list removePublicKey Using the API Client Libraries How-To Guides Overview Improve Performance Authorize Requests Batch Requests Deprecated APIs Instance Group Updater API v1beta1 Overview RollingUpdates Overview cancel get insert list listInstanceUpdates pause resume rollback ZoneOperations Overview get Client Libraries How-To Guides Overview Standard Query Parameters Improve Performance Authorize Requests Batch Requests User Accounts Alpha Overview GlobalAccountsOperations Overview delete get list Groups Overview addMember delete get getIamPolicy insert list removeMember setIamPolicy testIamPermissions Linux Overview getAuthorizedKeysView getLinuxAccountViews Users Overview addPublicKey delete get getIamPolicy insert list removePublicKey setIamPolicy testIamPermissions gcloud compute Overview Usage Tips Google Cloud Platform Console Overview SSH from the Browser Concepts All Concepts Virtual Machine (VM) Instances Overview Machine Types Images SSH Keys Preemptible VM Instances Instance Groups Windows on Compute Engine Storage Options Networking and Firewalls Overview IP Addresses Load Balancing and Scaling VPN Overview Routing and VPN Advanced VPN configurations Regions and Zones Overview Global, Regional, and Zonal Resources Google Cloud Platform Projects Access Control Options Overview Identity and Access Management (IAM) Roles Service Accounts Tutorials All Tutorials Running a Basic Web Server Apache IIS Building Web Applications Building scalable and resilient web applications Deploying an ASP.NET application Invoking legacy code Monte Carlo Methods using Apache Spark Remote Access to MySQL on Google Compute Engine Setting up Active Directory Setting up Drupal Setting up Joomla Setting up LAMP Setting up LEMP Setting up a Minecraft server Setting up MySQL on Compute Engine Setting up PostgreSQL Setting up PostgreSQL on Compute Engine Setting up a PostgreSQL data disk Setting up PostgreSQL with Hot Standby Transferring files to your server Load Balancing Network-Based Load Balancing Content-Based Load Balancing Cross-region Load Balancing HTTPS Load Balancing using NGINX HTTP(S) Load Balancing using Microsoft IIS Backends Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy Autoscaled Internal Load Balancing using HAProxy and Consul Load Testing Distributed load testing using Kubernetes SSH Port Forwarding and Load Testing Load Testing SQL Server Using HammerDB Performing Batch Processing and Data Analysis Batch processing with Autoscaler Real-time logs analysis using Fluentd and BigQuery Reliable task scheduling on Google Compute Engine Creating a High-Performance SQL Server Instance Resources All Resources Pricing and Quotas Pricing Resource Quotas Release Notes Videos and Samples Third-party Software & Services Google Compute Engine for DoubleClick Support Tips and Troubleshooting VPN Troubleshooting Security Bulletins Getting Help Getting Support for Windows Instances Frequently Asked Questions Launch Checklist Migrating Your VMs to Compute Engine Report Abuse Service Level Agreement Compute Engine Documentation Documentation Viewing Sizing Recommendations for Instances Beta This is a Beta release of virtual machine sizing recommendations. This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and may be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This page describes how to view and apply sizing recommendations provided by Compute Engine. To learn more about memory and CPU, read the Machine Types documentation. Compute Engine provides machine type recommendations to help you optimize the resource utilization of your virtual machine instances. These recommendations are generated automatically based on system metrics gathered by the Google Stackdriver Monitoring service. Use these recommendations to resize your instance's machine type to more efficiently use a machine type's resources. Before you begin Read the VM instances documentation. Read the Google Cloud Platform Console documentation. Contents Pricing Viewing sizing recommendations Resizing instances according to recommendations Dismissing recommendations Metrics used for sizing recommendations Feedback What's next Pricing During Beta, sizing recommendations are available free of charge. However, Google might charge for this feature in future releases. Viewing sizing recommendations Compute Engine makes recommendations through the Google Cloud Platform Console. Recommendations are turned on by default, but if you need to toggle recommendations on or off, follow these instructions. Go to the VM instances page. Go to the VM instances page Select your project and click Continue. Click the Recommendations button on the top-right corner to toggle recommendations on or off. If there is a blue bar at the bottom of the button, recommendations are enabled: Look at the Recommendation column to review recommendations for individual instances. You can also sort the column by amount of estimated savings. If there are no recommendations next to your instances, Compute Engine does not have any recommendations to make. When you create a new instance, recommendations for the new instance will appear 24 hours after the instance has been created. If you change the machine type of an instance, Compute Engine will provide new recommendations 24 hours after the change. Afterwards, virtual machine recommendations are refreshed at regular intervals throughout the day. Resizing instances according to recommendations Note: You might have valid reasons for running a particular instance at very low or very high utilization. Sizing recommendations are suggestions to help you more efficiently use your instances but they might not be appropriate for every situation. If you determine that you want to apply the recommendations made by Compute Engine, you can resize the instance directly from the recommendations screen. On the VM instances page, click on recommendation text for the instance you want to resize. A popup appears with more details and an Apply button to apply the recommendations to the instance. Clicking this button causes Compute Engine to stop the instance, change its machine type, and restart the instance. Optionally, you can also click the Customize link to customize the instance as you prefer. Click the Apply button to apply the changes. Dismissing recommendations If you are done with a recommendation, you can dismiss it. Dismissing removes a recommendation from the total savings estimate and also minimizes the appearance of the recommendation by turning the recommendation gray. Total savings estimate To dismiss a single recommendation: On the VM instances page, click on the recommendation text you want to dismiss. A popup appears with more details and a Dismiss recommendation button. Click Dismiss recommendation. To dismiss all recommendations, click the Dismiss all button on the VM instances page. Note: Dismissing a recommendation de-emphasizes it in the table but does not hide it. To restore a recommendation: On the VM instances page, click on the gray recommendation text you want to restore. A popup appears with more details and a Restore recommendation button. Click Restore recommendation. Metrics used for sizing recommendations Compute Engine monitors the CPU and memory utilization of running virtual machines and makes recommendations using the last 8 days of data. Compute Engine might make a recommendation if: Your instance has had low CPU utilization most of the time. Compute Engine will recommend a machine type with fewer virtual CPUs. Your instance has had high CPU utilization most of the time. Compute Engine will recommend a machine type with more virtual CPUs. Your instance has not used a large fraction of its memory. Compute Engine will recommend a machine type with less memory. Your instance has actively been using a large fraction of its memory most of the time. Compute Engine will recommend a machine type with more memory. Note: Compute Engine uses the same CPU utilization numbers reported on the Compute Engine dashboard to determine what recommendations to make. These numbers are based on the average utilization of your instances over 60-second intervals, so they do not capture short CPU usage spikes. Applications with short usage spikes might need to run on a larger machine type than the one recommended by Google, to accommodate these spikes. Compute Engine might make recommendations to use either a standard or custom machine type. Note that there are some limitations in the amount of memory and vCPU available to a machine. In particular, increasing one resource might require increasing the other at the same time, to follow the specifications of a valid machine type. Also, Compute Engine will only recommend machine types that are available in the zone where the instance is running. See Custom Machine Type specifications for details. For cost difference estimations, the cost of an instance is based on the previous week's usage (before sustained use discount) and is extrapolated to 30 days. This is then compared to the recommended machine type monthly cost (before sustained use discount). For accurate pricing and details, read the pricing documentation. Feedback During Beta, you can email feedback to the Sizing recommendations discussion group. What's next Learn more about changing the machine type of an instance. Read up on what happens when you stop an instance. Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated November 1, 2016. Products Compute Storage Networking Big Data Machine Learning Management Tools Developer Tools Identity & Security System Status Learn More Why Google Pricing Documentation Training Solutions Security & Compliance Partners Customers Support Careers Engage Free Trial Sign Up Blog Google+ Twitter LinkedIn Stack Overflow YouTube Podcast Newsletter Signup UX Research Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All Products TermsPrivacy العربيّة български català 简体中文 繁體中文 Hrvatski česky dansk Nederlands English فارسی suomi français Deutsch Ελληνικά עברית Hindi Magyar Bahasa Indonesia italiano 日本語 한국어 latviešu Lietuviškai norsk (bokmål) norsk (nynorsk) polski Português Brasileiro Português Română Русский српски slovenský Slovenščina español Español (América Latina) svenska ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt Send feedback about... This page Documentation feedback Compute Engine Documentation Product feedback Cancel
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta 3 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers With TV App[Download] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Shipping Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Google Play Music is Now Smarter, Easier to Use, More Assistive Apple AirPods to Enter Production in December? Apple to Release 5-inch and 5.8-inch iPhone With Bezel-Less Design, Curved Edges? Apple to Release Three New iPad Pros in March Including 10.9-inch Bezel-Free Model? 51 New Emoji Proposed for Unicode 10 1Password Gets Touch Bar and Touch ID Support on the New MacBook Pro YouTube App Gets New Dream Filter, Improved Search, More Tim Cook: Proud to Work Alongside Veterans at Apple [Photo] Apple Releases New iBooks StoryTime App for Apple TV iPhone 7 Plus Easily Beats Google Pixel XL in Real World Speed Test [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted October 26, 2016 at 2:15pm by iClarified · 8121 views · Translate Check out this speed test comparing the iPhone 7 Plus and the Google Pixel XL. The Google Pixel XL is the first smartphone fully designed by Google. The device features a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, and a 2560x1440 screen resolution. It goes up against the iPhone 7 Plus with an A10 Fusion processor, 3GB of RAM, and a 1920x1080 screen resolution. Take a look at the video below! Follow iClarified Comments (7) Add Comment Johnmartin - October 27, 2016 at 6:55am All right the iPhone 7 plus is improved at multi tasking stuck between apps as iOS be printed enhanced as well as android have to perform supplementary pay to get homework done substance through the ram cause it toward secure not in apps to stay it departing. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam MUKAI - October 26, 2016 at 5:11pm Even a high quality Huawei phone beats a google Pixel. Google phones have always been garbage. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Well... - October 26, 2016 at 2:46pm Yes the iPhone 7 plus is better at multitasking between apps because iOS is written better and android has to do more stuff with the ram causing it to close out apps to keep it going, but if you put a rendering app on the two phones and set it to render a full 2 hour animated 3D movie, the pixel will beat the iPhone in that regard Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Michael_ - October 26, 2016 at 3:46pm Who is rendering a 3D game in his phone? Non sense post, but I also doubt if it is true, because the 3D engine in iPhone 7 is fastest on market! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Sorkin - October 26, 2016 at 6:56pm Rendering a 3D image on your phone? Crack is Whack. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 2 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
ComicBook.com Comics DB WWE Pop Culture WWG Channels News Movies TV Comics Gaming Video Shop Sign in using your account with: or sign in with your Comicbook ID: Email Password Login Remember me on this computer Register - Forgot Password By creating an account, you verify that you are at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the Comicbook.com Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Ryan Reynolds Pleaded With Fox To Greenlight Deadpool Before Taking ... Fox and Marvel Swapped Characters for Deadpool and Guardians of ... Doctor Strange Mid-Credits Scene's MCU Connection Revealed Why Deadpool Didn't Include Many X-Men EXCLUSIVE: Thanos #1 Marvel Preview Stan Lee Reveals Who Would Win In A Fight Between ... Wolverine 3: New Logan Banner Released EXCLUSIVE: Major Captain America HYDRA Revelations In 'Captain America: Steve ... Update: First Two Tracks of Awesome Mix Volume 2 for ... Official Spider-Man: Homecoming Cast & Synopsis Yondu Has A Fin In Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. ... Ryan Reynolds Paid Out Of His Own Pocket For Deadpool ... Avengers: Infinity War: Five Things We Want To See Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4: Five Villains We Want To ... Netflix's Luke Cage Review - Always Forward, Never Backward Doctor Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum Shows Up On Google Maps Matthew Mueller - 10/26/2016 2 comments share Newsletter Share on Facebook Tweet This Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Pin to Pinterest While fans are used to seeing Doctor Strange in the middle of mystical mayhem, often attempting to keep ancient evils from invading into our realm, it's also widely known that the good Doctor takes walk-ins as well. The only problem can be, you know, actually finding it on a map. Google has decided to help fans out with their magical afflictions by putting Doctor Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum on Google Maps. The Sanctorum can be found at the familiar address of 177 Bleecker Street A, New York, NY, but there are some caveats in the fine print. For one, don't call Google if the building is not there when you arrive, as the Doctor is known for cloaking his headquarters when the need arises. Also, if you happen to forget why you're there in the first place, it's probably a residual spell effect in the area, and they will not take responsibility for that either. Also, Google can only control so much, so if the place is in ruins or Empirikul's are running rampant in a battle for the very essence of magic, it shouldn't have to be said but run for your life first, then you can issue a complaint later. From Marvel Studios comes “Doctor Strange,” the story of world-famous neurosurgeon Dr. Stephen Strange whose life changes forever after a horrific car accident robs him of the use of his hands. When traditional medicine fails him, he is forced to look for healing, and hope, in an unlikely place – a mysterious enclave known as Kamar-Taj. He quickly learns that this is not just a center for healing but also the front line of a battle against unseen dark forces bent on destroying our reality. Before long, Strange – armed with newly acquired magical powers – is forced to choose whether to return to his life of fortune and status or leave it all behind to defend the world as the most powerful sorcerer in existence. “Doctor Strange” stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Michael Stuhlbarg, Benjamin Bratt, and Scott Adkins, with Mads Mikkelsen and Tilda Swinton. Scott Derrickson is directing with Kevin Feige producing. Louis D’Esposito, Victoria Alonso, Stephen Broussard, Charles Newirth and Stan Lee serve as executive producers. Jon Spaihts and Scott Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill wrote the screenplay. Doctor Strange lands in theaters on November 4. Doctor Strange2016 ComicBook Composite Buy Tickets powered by Fandango Rate this movie after Nov 04, 2016 Full Profile Matthew Mueller @ComicBook Top Articles Marvel Ryan Reynolds Pleaded With Fox To Greenlight Deadpool Before Taking On Green Lantern Marvel Fox and Marvel Swapped Characters for Deadpool and Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2 Marvel Doctor Strange Mid-Credits Scene's MCU Connection Revealed Join the Conversation Sign in using your account with: or Sign in with your Comicbook ID. If you don't have an account, you can create one here. 2 Comments stujobophu 10 Posts in 19 Days 19 days ago what Rose replied I am impressed that some people can get paid $8005 in one month on the  internet . See it Here and Click on FINANCE HOME MEDIA & TECH OPTION FOR MORE INFO=====>>>>>>>>www.four-daily.com Reply Quote _L0Bo_ 3197 Posts in 23 Months 18 days ago Cool. Reply Quote Hide comments Marvel Ryan Reynolds Pleaded With Fox To Greenlight Deadpool Before Taking On Green Lantern Marvel Fox and Marvel Swapped Characters for Deadpool and Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2 Marvel Doctor Strange Mid-Credits Scene's MCU Connection Revealed Marvel Why Deadpool Didn't Include Many X-Men Marvel EXCLUSIVE: Thanos #1 Marvel Preview Marvel Stan Lee Reveals Who Would Win In A Fight Between Thor And Hulk What's Hot: DC 7 Most Memorable Alternate Superhero Costumes Company About Contact Us Advertising Staff Careers Legal Privacy DMCA Terms of Service Join Us Login Register Channels ComicBook.com Marvel DC Star Wars The Walking Dead WWE Pop Culture Now Connect with Us Copyright 2015-2016 ComicBook.com. All rights reserved. Search Search Sites ComicBook.com Comics DB WWE Pop Culture WWG Channels Comicbook.com DC Marvel Star Wars WWE The Walking Dead Pop Culture Now News Popular Star Wars Movies Movies Database Composite Rankings Movie Release Schedule Top Grossing Comic Book Movies Captain America: Civil War Deadpool X-Men: Apocalypse TV TV Database Composite Rankings Upcoming Episodes Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Carter Daredevil Jessica Jones Comics Marvel Comics Gaming eSports CS: GO LOL DOTA 2 Pokemon Video Current CB Now Trailers TV Spots Shop About About CB Sweepstakes Rules Contact Us Advertising Press Staff Privacy Terms of Service DMCA Jobs Sign Up For Free Newsletter Follow Follow us on Youtube
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google Fiber Hitting “Pause” On Expansion; CEO Departing, Layoffs Planned Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google Fiber Hitting “Pause” On Expansion; CEO Departing, Layoffs Planned Image courtesy of Discrete_Photography October 26, 2016 9:35 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc fiberless forever google fiber google alphabet The CEO of Google Fiber wants you to know that Fiber is doing great. Super great, y’all. So great, in fact, that he’s leaving, employees are being laid off, and expansion into any “potential” city is totally halting immediately. Yeah. If you’ve been hoping Google Fiber would be heading to your city to induce some badly-needed competition in the internet space anytime soon, well, today is a bad day for you. You’ve got to hand it to Google for spin, though. The blog post in which it announces the troubles starts off with the headline, “Advancing our amazing bet,” before launching into a couple of paragraphs gushing about how great Fiber is. Then the shoe drops. “We have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve — pushing the boundaries of technology, business, and policy — to remain a leader,” CEO Craig Barratt writes. To that end, Google has “refined its plan” for how to do those things while perhaps not losing giant Scrooge-McDuck-worthy piles of money. In short, Google is saying: this isn’t working, so we’re scrapping it and doing something else. Barratt then admits that the changes “will have some immediate implications,” and that’s where the really bad news starts to hit. Cities where Fiber already exists, or where construction is already underway, will continue to have service (or construction) continue. But the shortlist of potential cities is now, potentially permanently, on pause. That means Los Angeles, Portland, Phoenix, Oklahoma City, Dallas, Tampa, Jacksonville (FL), and Google’s own San Jose/Mountain View/Palo Alto backyard are out of luck. The news may not exactly come as a surprise to residents of those luckless cities. News leaked out over the summer that plans for rolling out Fiber in Portland and greater San Jose (including Mountain View and Palo Alto) would not be moving forward on schedule. That those plans are basically scrapped entirely, however, is still a disappointment. Barratt does hint that wireless may be the wave of the future, saying that he is “confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions.” As to when or how gigabit-capable wireless tech can realistically be deployed to cities, though… well. Your guess is as good as anyone’s, but we wouldn’t recommend holding your breath. Fiber is on a “strong trajectory,” Barratt concludes, and he “remain[s] confident” about the future. Oh and P.S., Barratt adds — I’m out, too. Or, in corporate speak, he says “this is the right juncture to step aside from [his] CEO role.” Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. October 26, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc fiberless forever google fiber google alphabet Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related stayin' alive Google To Fiber Cities: Don’t Freak Out, We’re Not Cancelling Anything 1.21 gigawhat? AT&T Charges $40/Month More For Fiber Internet If Google Isn’t In Your Town Yet coast to coast Report: Google Fiber Might Be On Its Way To Portland Next can you google me now? Could Google Be Getting Into The Wireless Business? fine by us Google Fiber, Other ISP Heads Agree: We’ll Keep Investing No Matter What The FCC Does About Net Neutrality Previous EpiPen Competitor Auvi-Q Relaunching Next Year Next Everyone Gets A Free Taco From Taco Bell On Nov. 2 Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Everyone Gets A Free Taco From Taco Bell On Nov. 2 Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics The Creator of Google’s Self-Driving Car Now Competes with It Robotics pioneer Sebastian Thrun is building an open-source autonomous car. by Tom Simonite October 26, 2016 If Sebastian Thrun’s third self-driving-car project is as influential as his first two, we’ll be tearing up our driver’s licenses sooner than anyone expected. As a robotics professor at Stanford, Thrun won the Pentagon’s 2005 contest for self-driving vehicles that fired the starting gun in the race to commercialize the technology. He then established and led Google’s car project, which has racked up more autonomous miles than any competitor. The one he’s working on now comes from an unlikely place: his online education startup Udacity. And it has similarities to his past efforts—a Lincoln sporting Udacity logos, cameras, and spinning lasers can be seen driving around the Bay Area. But the software piloting this car will be given away free, in open-source form. Data collected by the car as it drives around is also being released for anyone to use. Udacity modified this Lincoln sedan to drive itself. Drawing an analogy with the smartphone market, Thrun argues that this unusual tactic will accelerate the development of self-driving cars. Google and other companies working on the technology usually keep their code and data to themselves. “You could say that Google built the iPhone [of self-driving cars] and we are building Android,” says Thrun. “Making that software available for everybody reduces the burden for any newcomer to build their own vehicle, very much like Android accelerated the development of smartphones.” Udacity started its car project to accompany a new course on autonomous-car engineering starting in January. Udacity engineers wrote the code needed to start testing the car. The company is now soliciting outside contributions by offering prizes for the best responses to a series of challenges, such as improving the car’s ability to interpret data from its cameras. (Some data from outside contributions is already inside Udacity’s vehicle.) Students in the course will also contribute code during the nine-month program, which costs $2,400. Roboticist Sebastian Thrun started, and led, Google's autonomous-car project and is now building a self-driving car at his online-learning startup Udacity. Ironically, Udacity’s project has backing from some of the very same companies Thrun hopes his car will put under new competitive pressure. The company creates courses it calls “nanodegrees” in areas where the technology industry struggles to hire workers with the right skills. Corporations can partner with Udacity to help create course material, and in return are first in line to recruit graduates looking for a job. Udacity lists 14 “hiring partners” for its self-driving-car program, including BMW, Mercedes, and Uber’s self-driving-truck division, Otto. Alain Kornhauser, director of transportation research at Princeton University, says Udacity’s open approach is welcome. He says that if the industry can develop ways to share data from test drives, the technology will more quickly get to the point where it can significantly reduce road deaths, something that companies working on automated driving like to cite as an eventual benefit. Because car accidents are relatively rare and road and traffic conditions so varied and complex, it takes a lot of miles for a system to experience all the challenging “corner cases” that it needs to cope with. “We need to find ways to share critical information so that everyone doesn’t make the same mistakes,” says Kornhauser. Guidelines for self-driving cars released by the U.S. Department of Transportation last month asked companies to develop plans to share some data (See “U.S. Wants Makers of Driverless Cars to Prove They’re Safe”). So far, though, no company has said it’s ready to hand any over. “What I see in the market right now is a lot of companies building silos of software and data for themselves and very little sharing of data,” says Thrun. From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Sebastian Thrun, Udacity, autonomous vehicles, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events Credit Images courtesy of Udacity Tom Simonite San Francisco Bureau Chief I’m MIT Technology Review’s San Francisco bureau chief and enjoy a diverse diet of algorithms, Internet, and human-computer interaction with chips on the side. I lead our coverage of new ideas from Silicon Valley, whether they spring from tech… More giants, new startups, or academic labs. My journey to the West Coast started in a small English market town and took in the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London, and five years writing and editing technology news coverage at New Scientist magazine. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. The Best of the Physics arXiv (week ending November 12, 2016) This week’s most thought-provoking papers from the Physics arXiv. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv The Future of Artificial Intelligence and Cybernetics In this article excerpt, a British researcher discusses why AI and cybernetics are moving beyond the realm of science fiction—but warns that the technologies also raise significant ethical questions. by Kevin Warwick, Coventry University In the 1980s, the Self-Driving Van Was Born Primitive lidar, green-and-black screens, and literally tons of computing gear powered CMU’s NavLab 1. by Michael Reilly More from Robotics The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Share 37 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore News 2016-11-14 Final 2016 Election Results: Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Lead Continues To Grow, She Likely Beat Donald Trump By More Than 1 Million Votes News 2016-11-14 Why Did Alex Baldwin Not Reprise His Role As Trump On ‘SNL’ After The Election? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss UFO Hunters: NASA Is Aware Of Entrance To Underground Alien UFO Base Inside Bancroft Crater On The Moon But Pretends Not To Notice It [Photo] Conspiracy Theories 37 0 0 October 26, 2016 UFO Hunters: NASA Is Aware Of Entrance To Underground Alien UFO Base Inside Bancroft Crater On The Moon But Pretends Not To Notice It [Photo] JohnThomas Didymus A UFO hunter claims to have discovered an artificial structure on the Moon believed to be a major entrance to an underground alien UFO base. The entrance, spotted inside the Bancroft crater on Google Maps, is big enough to allow large alien UFO spacecraft to enter and exit an underground facility. NASA is aware of the presence of this UFO base entrance structure and hundreds of similar artificial structures on the Moon and Mars but the agency pretends not to notice them, UFO conspiracy theorists claim. But undeniable evidence of artificial structures on the Moon, according to UFO hunters, proves the presence of extraterrestrial intelligence in our solar system. UFO hunter Scott C. Waring announced the discovery in an October 26 post to his UFO Sightings Daily blog. According to the UFO hunter, anyone can view the massive entrance to an underground alien UFO base at Google coordinates 27°54’52.71″ N 6°23’23.82″ W inside the Bancroft crater, a shallow impact crater located southwest of the larger Archimedes crater in the Mare Imbrium region. “I found this entrance to an underground alien base inside of Bancroft crater.” Doorway Found Into Earths Moon In Bancroft Crater, Google Map, UFO Sighting News. https://t.co/lDN5teuYBM pic.twitter.com/Wf6fyAcV2l — Scott  (@SCWBooks) October 26, 2016 Waring reports that he used Google ruler to take the dimensions of the structure and found that it was about 70 meters by 50 meters. But the outer edges, which look like a platform surrounding the doorway, were about 114 meters by 114 meters. The straight sides of the rectangular doorway that meet at right angles (90 degrees) prove that the structure is artificial, according to alien hunters. “The opening measures 70 m by 50 m… the outer edges 114 m by 114 m. I used Google ruler to measure this, so it is their statistics.” The entrance, according to the UFO blogger, is located immediately outside a dark area that could be a shadow cast by the crater. The illumination probably helps alien pilots attempting to land UFO spacecraft at the alleged underground base to navigate safely, according to Waring. “The base entrance is just outside the shadow of the crater, which means it was placed there deliberately to be in the light and make entering and exiting it with smaller ships much easier,” Waring writes. The UFO hunter notes that identical doorways or entrances to underground alien UFO facilities, some up to 160 meters across, have been found on Google Mars. The remarkable similarity of the UFO base entrances on Mars to the entrance found on the Moon in the Bancroft crater suggests that aliens that colonized our Moon also established colonies on Mars. The discovery of identical underground alien UFO base entrance structures on the Moon and Mars by the YouTube UFO hunter Sandra Elena Andrade helped to popularize the belief among members of the UFO community that the alien species that colonized our Moon also established colonies on Mars. Many UFO hunters believe that the species first established presence on Mars before reaching the Moon. The Inquisitr reported in March 2016 that Andrade claimed to have uncovered identical underground alien UFO base entrance structures on the lunar and Martian surfaces. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2YS9OP7FYV0?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> “I have no doubt that this is one of the most striking discoveries of recent times… we had found on Mars and the Moon… an intriguing mystery,” Andrade stated solemnly while announcing her amazing discovery on YouTube. The entrance structure on Mars was spotted at coordinates 45°56’56.49″N 23°32’19.78″E, while the corresponding structure on the lunar surface was spotted at coordinates 26°21’55.79″N 12° 6’54.14″E. A previous (November 2015) discovery of a location on Mars inscribed with the number “58” offers further proof of a space-faring alien race with a far-flung presence in our solar system, alien hunters argued. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/eVYozAPkI4g?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Andrade also discovered a similar inscription (number 58) on the Moon and announced the discovery in a video uploaded to YouTube on December 2015 (see YouTube below). UFO researchers argued that the numerical inscriptions were created by the aliens who constructed the identical alien base structures on Mars and the Moon. They also argued that the alien race was likely one of several already known to UFO researchers, such as the Grey aliens. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tZqZaGL3a3A?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> But in the midst of excitement overd the scovery of an alien race that inscribes human-style numerals on the surface of Mars and the Moon, alien hunters conveniently ignored suggestions by skeptics that the numbers were likely labels used by Google technicians constructing 3-dimensional maps of the Moon and Mars from 2-dimensional images. “Google Earth stitches images together to form the illusion of the Moon being a sphere,” a skeptic explained reasonably. “It is possible that there was an image that was labeled ’58’ and this was not edited out of the end product.” Andrade’s discovery of identical entrance structures on the Moon and Mars followed excitement among members of the UFO community over discoveries of carefully concealed artificial structures on Mars. The structures, according to UFO hunters, appeared to have been constructed by aliens wishing to hide their presence on the planet. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tgM7uBFdzVU?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> The discoveries sparked a brief debate between alien hunters, such as Waring, who felt that evidence suggested the structures had been abandoned by the aliens who built them and other alien hunters, such as Dahboo77, who argued that the structures were still occupied by aliens. Waring suggested that the abandoned underground structures would prove ideal habitats for the first human Mars settlers. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nKNrEbQQFzQ?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Proclaiming the discoveries as proof of alien life on Mars, UFO hunters accused NASA of pretending not to notice them. They also attacked skeptics who support NASA’s non-disclosure policy with “facile arguments” to explain away the undeniable evidence of artificial structures on the Moon and Mars. “No doubt, some of the small minded out there will buy NASA’s lies until the Great Deception,” Dabhboo77 wrote. “But for those out there with an open mind and know we are being lied to, this find speaks volumes!” [Featured Image by Don Roberts/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Strange Vortex and Orb Spotted Near CERN Facility Now Read This: Donald Trump Vows To Reopen 9/11 Investigation: Fake News Report Sparks Excitement Among Members Of The ‘Truth Movement’ Share 37 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author JohnThomas Didymus Tags: Alien UFO, alien ufo base, aliens, grey aliens Comments LATEST HEADLINES Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Jinger Duggar Vuolo, Jeremy Vuolo Give Update: Are They Okay After New Zealand Earthquake? Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material Top Instagram Model Kendall Jenner Deletes Social Media Account Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened ‘Westworld’ Renewed For Season 2, Will Likely Return To HBO In 2018 President Obama: Gwen Ifill, Trump Transition, Commitment To NATO [Breaking, Video] Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.4k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 26.9k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.4k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material 0 0 0 Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ 0 0 0 ‘Westworld’ Renewed For Season 2, Will Likely Return To HBO In 2018 0 0 0 Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby 0 0 0 Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album 4 0 0 ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity 2 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... parents Apple’s iBooks StoryTime app for Apple TV will read to your kids Toca TV is a new streaming service just for kids Hiro Baby’s personal assistant for new parents helps you survive baby’s first year Browse more... Mobile Report shows Americans abandoned their news apps as election fatigue kicked in Microsoft’s new to do list app, Project Cheshire, spotted in the wild Hollar snags another $30 million for its fast-growing dollar store app Browse more... Apps Apple’s iBooks StoryTime app for Apple TV will read to your kids Instagram will now let creators add URL links, tag friends, and create Boomerangs in Stories Just in time for Daydream, YouTube launches its standalone VR app Browse more... Winnie Winnie helps parents find family-friendly places, share their experiences Postmates And Twitter Product Guru Sara Mauskopf Is Working On Parenting App Called “Winnie” Browse more... Winnie grabs $2.5 million for its directory of family-friendly places Posted Oct 26, 2016 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Microsoft’s 3D-focused Windows 10 Creators Update launches next spring A mobile application that makes life easier for parents, Winnie, has raised $2.25 million in seed funding to continue to grow its business. The app, essentially, is a directory that provides information from the perspective of parents on nearby restaurants, parks, schools, and other points of interest – that is, things like whether the local diner has changing tables for infants, or if the coffee shop has a place for the kids to play, for example. And, of course, it will tell you where to find the nearest restrooms. The idea for Winnie comes from Bay Area technologists, Sara Mauskopf (Winnie CEO), who spent time at Postmates, Twitter, YouTube and Google, and Anne K. Halsall (CPO), also from Postmates and Google, as well as Quora and Inkling. After becoming parents themselves, they built the app out their own personal need for this sort of information which couldn’t be easily discovered using Google Maps or review services, like Yelp and Foursquare. In addition to helping parents – and especially new parents – navigate the world more easily with their children, by pointing them to family friendly destinations like playgrounds and museums, Winnie also more broadly highlights the importance of having women-led startups. The app is not something kids fresh out of college would think to build, necessarily, as they have never struggled to change a baby on a dirty bathroom floor, or had a miserable shopping experience where their stroller was simply too large for the store’s aisles. Since its launch, Winnie has expanded beyond the Bay Area to over 100 cities and its database of parent-friendly information now includes over 1 million locations. However, the app is more useful in larger metros, we found. The team has also added more content to the app, including details on restaurants where kids eat free, places with public mother’s rooms, preschools and family friendly hotels. The company isn’t discussing its user numbers, but Winnie is still a niche product. It’s unranked on the App Store, which implies it has a very small number of downloads. The challenge for the business now is to get parents using the app and contributing content, which means the team will have to figure out how to tap into the mom’s word-of-mouth network to grow. Winnie isn’t making any money right now, either, as it focuses on user growth. The app is a free download on iOS and, soon, Android, in addition to being available on the web. “Right now we are entirely focused right now on building a utility for parents that they use frequently. The product is free to use and the core product will remain free,” explains Mauskopf. “It’s important to us to reach all parents and not just those who are able to spend a lot of money on activities for their children,” she says. The new funds come from Homebrew, BBG Ventures, Ludlow Ventures, Flight Ventures, Deep Fork Capital, KPCB, and #Angels, and will be used primarily to hire engineers to expand Winnie’s team of five. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Winnie Founded 2015 Overview Winnie is bringing transformative technology for people who care for children. Winnie’s mission is to make parents' lives easier through technology. Their app gives parents the information they need to travel, explore, or even just run errands with their kids. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Parenting, Mobile Apps, Children Founders Anne Halsall, Sara Mauskopf Website http://winnielabs.com/ Full profile for Winnie Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes parents Mobile Apps Winnie Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Mobile Samsung Pay adds Rewards, offering points for every transaction 5 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Snapchat’s Spectacles are now on sale near Big Sur in California yesterday | Darrell Etherington AT&T downgrades video quality on mobile with ‘Stream Saver’ Nov 11, 2016 | Devin Coldewey, Contributor More Android devices are running Gingerbread than Nougat 7.0 Nov 11, 2016 | Brian Heater Comment moderation powered by Up Next Microsoft’s 3D-focused Windows 10 Creators Update launches next spring Posted Oct 26, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 30 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Investing in the future of urbanization 4 hours ago by Connie Loizos
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 86953475 story Google Fiber Pauses Operations, CEO Leaves, and About 9 Percent of Staff Is Being Let Go (bloomberg.com) 204 Posted by BeauHD on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:00AM from the new-strategy dept. The future of Google Fiber has been shaky ever since Google's parent company, Alphabet, was founded. The original plan was to expand Fiber's blazing fast internet service to more than 20 cities, with the goal of eventually delivering nationwide gigabit service. However, Alphabet hit the reset button on those plans Tuesday. Not only is Google Fiber CEO Craig Barratt leaving, but about 9 percent of staff is being let go. That translates to about 130 job losses, since the business has about 1,500 employees. Bloomberg reports: Barratt wrote in a blog post that the company is pulling back fiber-to-the-home service from eight different cities where it had announced plans. Those include major metropolitan areas such as Dallas, Los Angeles and Phoenix. Moving into big cities was a contentious point inside Google Fiber, according to one former executive. Leaders like Barratt and Dennis Kish, who runs Google Fiber day-to-day, pushed for the big expansion. Others pushed back because of the prohibitive cost of digging up streets to lay fiber-optic cables across some of America's busiest cities. "I suspect the sheer economics of broad scale access deployments finally became too much for them," said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. "Ultimately, most of the reasons Google got into this in the first place have either been achieved or been demonstrated to be unrealistic." business google internet ← Related Links → Russia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' Comcast Sues Nashville To Halt Rules That Give Google Fiber Faster Access To Utility Poles Intel Announces Atom E3900 Series - Goldmont for the Internet of Things This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. Google Fiber Pauses Operations, CEO Leaves, and About 9 Percent of Staff Is Being Let Go More Login Google Fiber Pauses Operations, CEO Leaves, and About 9 Percent of Staff Is Being Let Go Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 204 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Saw this coming years ago. (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:08AM (#53153661) People think it should be cheap and easy to get high speed broadband internet to everyone. They think we should have a dozen different companies doing it and they all can compete and prices will fall through the basement. What they don't understand is how fucking expensive it is to run wires around the country. I don't know why Google, in all their arrogance, thought they could do something on the cheap that people a lot cheaper than them have been trying to do for decades. All I can do is smile and laugh at their hubris, and listen to everyone on /. bitch about 'monopolies' when as you can see there is a very good reason there are very few broadband providers in most areas - you can't divide the customers up that many ways and expect anyone to make a profit. And if there is no profit, no private business is going to attempt it. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: They tried to use people that had way to much classroom found a loop hole saying if we put the cables high up near the high power cables then we don't need to pay pole fees but failed to see in the real world to work up there you can't use the cheap subcontracted workers. No you need the higher payed linemen that have the training and safety gear to work up there. Re: (Score:2) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: Without having any internal numbers, I suspect that the TV side of things is killing them. They probably anticipated that they'd get lots of double-play subscribers given existing industry politics, but it quickly turned out that most of those who wanted it were part of the cord cutter generation. Re: (Score:2) by Woldscum ( 1267136 ) writes: Optical ground wire. Sometimes called FOG wire. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... [wikipedia.org] An optical ground wire (also known as an OPGW or, in the IEEE standard, an optical fiber composite overhead ground wire) is a type of cable that is used in the construction of electric power transmission and distribution lines. Such cable combines the functions of grounding and communications. An OPGW cable contains a tubular structure with one or more optical fibers in it, surrounded by layers of steel and aluminum wire. The OP Re: (Score:2) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: or the unions put a quick stop to that. And they are ones that can make it go lights out at the google offices. Re: (Score:3) by DogDude ( 805747 ) writes: And if there is no profit, no private business is going to attempt it. Which is why Internet access should be a public utility, and not left to the private sector. Re: (Score:2) by ScentCone ( 795499 ) writes: Which is why Internet access should be a public utility, and not left to the private sector. The last thing I want is local, state, or federal government being my ISP. Customer service from any of those entities, for anything in which they engage, is worse than any ISP, mom-and-pop or national. It's like watching Medicate or the VA, and then saying that going to the doctor for an ear infection should be a trip to a government office. Re:Saw this coming years ago. (Score:4, Insightful) by Whorhay ( 1319089 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @01:05PM (#53156029) Not all government entities are created equal, and the same is true for private enterprise. I've never had a problem with my municipal services that cover gas, sewage, trash pickup, electricity, or water. The times I've had to contact them I've gotten an actual human on the line that resolved the issue quickly or helped me figure out the right party to contact to resolve the problem. Meanwhile dealing with both the phone and cable companies I've used over the years have always been exercises in frustration. Granted the above is only my experience and isn't necessarily representative of other municipalities and commercial enterprises. But going on personal experience I would love to hand over the administering of physical infrastructure for fiber internet connections to my municipality. Let whatever ISP's are interested rent usage of that publicly owned infrastructure, just like they already do when paying pole fees. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by tripleevenfall ( 1990004 ) writes: It's not only the possibility of profit. Before any undertaking a business also has to account for the risk of the endeavor as a whole, and if it's worth allocating the capital on that project versus any other project they could be working on. A lot of people think if they stand to make $1 on a $1 zillion project they should do it, but the real world doesn't work that way. Re: Saw this coming years ago. (Score:2) by UPZ ( 947916 ) writes: False equivalency. You already have multiple lines running into the house, whether copper, electric, water or sewage. All the problems mentioned above have already been solved for these. There is no technical prohibition of running fiber optic along any one of those four. In fact, it has already been successfully done in Chattanooga despite bullying by incumbents. It is technically feasible and profitable, but hindered by incumbent interests. Competition for Comcast (Score:2) by Salo2112 ( 628590 ) writes: I was hoping they would make it to my area simply because the only option I have for fast internet is Comcast, and I would love to have an alternative. We are just up the road from a Google data center and already have the Free Wi-Fi in parts of the city, so I figured we were a lock. Crud. hand mirrors and morse code (Score:5, Interesting) by Pseudonymous Powers ( 4097097 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:20AM (#53153753) Dammit! How hard is it to dig a trench and lay a cable in it? I know the trench-digging part at least is easy, because where I live they manage to knock out at least one vital utility a year digging around at random. Do I have to do it myself? Because me and at least 20 people I know would gladly volunteer to buy a spool of fiber and dig a mile of trench each with hand shovels if we knew for sure they wouldn't arrest us for it. The real question, of course, is how hard it is for local politicians not to take bribes from incumbent telecom providers to slow things down. And the answer is, apparently, pretty hard. Share twitter facebook linkedin Laying cable (Score:5, Insightful) by sjbe ( 173966 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:34AM (#53153851) Dammit! How hard is it to dig a trench and lay a cable in it? It's challenging. Not in the sense that they don't know how to do it but rather that it's expensive and unless you already have customers it's financially risky. To build a whole network is enormously expensive. I know the trench-digging part at least is easy, because where I live they manage to knock out at least one vital utility a year digging around at random. Umm, that would be evidence that it is NOT easy. Do I have to do it myself? Because me and at least 20 people I know would gladly volunteer to buy a spool of fiber and dig a mile of trench each with hand shovels if we knew for sure they wouldn't arrest us for it. I don't think you have the foggiest idea what you are proposing. I have immediate family that has been in the business of laying underground cable. There is a lot more to it than digging a trench and dropping a cable to the bottom of it. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Pseudonymous Powers ( 4097097 ) writes: I don't think you have the foggiest idea what you are proposing. I have immediate family that has been in the business of laying underground cable. There is a lot more to it than digging a trench and dropping a cable to the bottom of it. Great! Can you please elaborate? Particularly about equipment costs and stuff? Re:Laying cable (Score:4, Informative) by stdarg ( 456557 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:06AM (#53154093) I don't think laying the cable is the hard or expensive part anymore. AT&T put fiber in my neighborhood last year, and what they do now is dig holes periodically and use a machine to just push the conduit right through the ground like an earthworm. I guess the holes are to make sure it's on course, I dunno. It's pretty cool and very fast.. they ran fiber past 200 houses and about 3 linear miles of street in less than a week with about 20 guys. I don't know how much the actual conduit and fiber cost, but figuring $20/hour per person it ended up being around $80 of labor per house for that stage. That's a lot less than I expected. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by stdarg ( 456557 ) writes: Oops I mean $560/house. Re:Laying cable (Score:4, Interesting) by Zak3056 ( 69287 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @01:10PM (#53156077) Journal Oops I mean $560/house. You're still (probably quite a bit) low. Your $20/hr is definitely short of the fully loaded cost of those guys (these are usually not day laborers picked up outside Home Depot, but skilled professionals in their own right, and even the flaggers are probably members of CWA) and your time calc is also probably just to "pass" the house. It costs more time to put the peds/dog houses in at each house, then to string or bury the cable to the house itself. All in all, your labor cost "per house" is probably pushing 10x the above number. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:Laying cable (Score:5, Informative) by sjbe ( 173966 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:07AM (#53154097) Great! Can you please elaborate? Particularly about equipment costs and stuff? Cost is a complicated and depends on the situation but a very simple case probably would be somewhere between $5000-20000 per user [performantnetworks.com] for data cable for a simple run presuming there were multiple users along the route. High power lines can be far more expensive [elp.com]. Underground cable is somewhere between 4-8X as expensive to lay as overhead cable. The biggest costs are typically the civil engineering involved. Especially if you have to dig up or work around any existing infrastructure. Equipment? Depends on what you are doing and where you are doing it. Ignoring the equipment to hook into existing infrastructure you're looking at trenching equipment, cable feeding equipment, and a variety of other goodies. You also have to watch for buried power, data, gas, water, and sewer lines which aren't always well documented. Dig by hand? Don't make me laugh. To do it right you have to lay the cable below the frost line in most cases which can be several feet deep in many places. I know code near me for a simple drop requires a minimum depth for cable TV cable of 18 inches. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by swb ( 14022 ) writes: That seems high considering the local gas utility has been replacing gas lines in the neighborhood (largely built in the mid-50s), and I would imagine that active work on natural gas lines is more complicated than laying fiber -- ie, you can't disrupt gas service and you're dealing with a flammable and potentially explosive gas. I would imagine that the equipment side of a fiber rollout would have a lot of costs as you would have all the expensive networking gear to deal with, but the actual directional dril Re: (Score:3) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: Gas service lines are plastic, they can be cut and "welded" in seconds. Even high pressure gas lines they weld them with the gas flowing, they just get a heat shield to keep the welder safe from the heat wave. High Pressure gas is difficult and expensive to relocate but low pressure gas service lines are dirt cheap. Digging in any infrastructure is costly because until you dig the hole you don't know whats underneath. As a lay person you might think everyone knows where their utilities are but the reality is Re: (Score:2) by swb ( 14022 ) writes: They've been directional drilling for what looks like a lot of new pipe. I'm guessing this is an outright replacement program that leaves the old pipe in the ground, so they would have to do all the utility locate you describe. Re:Laying cable (Score:5, Interesting) by jabuzz ( 182671 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @10:54AM (#53154917) Homepage Usually old gas pipe was steel/iron. What they do is push some plastic pipe down the existing pipe, then blow hot air under pressure into it. This causes it to soften and expand so that it takes the form of the existing steel/iron pipe. The existing pipe can now safely rust away. At least this is what they do in the UK. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: Any utility plan requires locating. You simply don't know where you can even put it without the locating. Depending on the utility there are other utilities they can't be next to, Comunication can't be next to power, sewer can't be next to water, gas can't be near power or Communication, etc... Installing utilities is a VERY involved process. Even with all the safeguard people routinely dig up and cut utilities that they didn't know were there because it wasn't marked right or no one knew it was there. I've Re: (Score:2) by Solandri ( 704621 ) writes: I'm running into the same problem trying to get cable modem service to my business. The building currently doesn't have cable service.. The nearest location the cable company can extend service from to wire up our building is only about 1000 ft away, but they're estimating it'll cost them $14.5k. Most of that cost is in drawing up the plans and submitting it to the city so they can get permits to dig up the street to lay down new cable. You don't incur these costs when maintaining existing lines. They Re: (Score:2) by stabiesoft ( 733417 ) writes: The unknown is always the issue. I had my fence replaced awhile back and moved it a bit along the back. So the pipe locating people come out and mark everything. Fence guys get started. Halfway thru as they are digging new holes along the back, I get a knock at the door. "We found something that was not marked". All work stops for about a day while the locator guys are called back, they trace the new unmarked pipe and after a few hours determine it is an abandoned pipe for ? and continue. So fence guys end Re: (Score:2, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: Per house, FTTH costs about $3000 on average to install. $25 per month over ten years. It's a long term investment, but it's far from being unreasonably expensive. Re: (Score:3) by Trailer Trash ( 60756 ) writes: Per house, FTTH costs about $3000 on average to install. $25 per month over ten years. It's a long term investment, but it's far from being unreasonably expensive. Yeah, sounds good. Say, do you want to use your internet connection of 10 years ago right now? No? And *that* is the problem. Hopefully fiber gives us enough room to upgrade by only upgrading the stuff on each end, but 10 years is forever in internet time. Re: (Score:2) by SScorpio ( 595836 ) writes: The copper to some areas in 100 years old. I saw a Ted talk years ago where the presenter was talking about infrastructure upgrades. And replacing the copper with fiber would allow lines to last 100 years if not longer. Simply replacing the end points would be all that is needed increase speeds. Re: (Score:2) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: it's fine as long as you are ok with jay on backhoe rushing to get the job done ripping out all the water, gas, power, etc lines as you don't want to pay to do it the right and legal way. Re:hand mirrors and morse code (Score:4) by jeffb (2.718) ( 1189693 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:51AM (#53153965) It took a crew contracted to AT&T about a week to lay fiber alongside the road to our house. That's a distance of maybe 300 meters. I imagine they were working other areas at the same time, but I was amazed that it took so long from start to finish. They had to cross one residential street and a lot of driveways. For the driveways, they dug a pit at either side, and used a driver to tunnel underneath. For the street, I think they had to cut a hole in the middle, because it was too far for the driver to bridge in one pass. A week or two after they finished, we lost water pressure. They'd damaged a pipe near the other end of the road. A city crew had to roll a backhoe, a dump truck, and a fair number of people to find the leak, excavate it, repair it, and refill it. As I understand it, the contractor who laid the fiber will be billed for that. Either they'll bill it back to AT&T, or they'll roll it into their future rates, or they'll go out of business and the remaining contractors will raise their rates to compensate for the market shift. I wish Google had gotten here first. I really don't want to deal with AT&T's data caps and MIM attacks on my traffic, nor do I want to pay many hundreds of dollars a year extra for the privilege of having them behave like a common carrier. So right now, even after AT&T went to the expense of laying fiber practically to our doorstep, I'm not a customer, and they're getting zero return on their investment from me. Laying fiber through a developed area is hard and expensive, and the rewards are uncertain. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:hand mirrors and morse code (Score:5, Insightful) by Pseudonymous Powers ( 4097097 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:04AM (#53154087) Based on this and other responses, plus my own experience with outages, it sounds like what America really needs now is some better methods for tracking where the existing infrastructure is, better standards for placing new infrastructure so that the next crew can put something else in without destroying what's already there, and better laws for determining who's liable when things go wrong. Of course, when I say "what America needs now", what I really mean is "what America needed 100+ years ago, when they first started putting these things in". Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: There's no incentive to make it easier next time. They want the huge "next time" contract. The more stuff they have to tear up, the more they can profit. Re: (Score:2) by HornWumpus ( 783565 ) writes: You sound like you think it's better elsewhere? It is not. Europe and Asia has buried infrastructure thousands of years old in some cases. How would you like to be pushing buried fiber in Rome or Hanoi? I'm surprised ground penetrating radar isn't in more common use. Re: (Score:3) by danbert8 ( 1024253 ) writes: Ground penetrating radar isn't some sort of magic. Will it find utilities? Yes. Will it find rocks, sticks, lumber, bricks, trash, ancient bones, and absolutely nothing? Also yes and it all looks the same. Re: (Score:2) by HornWumpus ( 783565 ) writes: Mainly it can find old excavations. Disturbed soil where old trenches were. Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: Recently they buried phone lines under the ground where I live. They put them in pipes, so next time they can just pull whatever wires they need through the pipes, without breaking the ground. Re:hand mirrors and morse code (Score:5, Informative) by guruevi ( 827432 ) writes: <[evi] [at] [smokingcube.be]> on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:12AM (#53154141) Homepage It's pretty hard. I only have experience with a metropolitan area network but I suppose home fiber will have a similar cost. For a ~1 mile stretch consider the following: a) You have to engineer the way the cables will go where they will terminate, what equipment you'll be using, where you'll be tapping off (fiber to each house or to a central unit). b) You have to survey for existing cabling and make sure your installation doesn't encroach upon private property. This could be as easy as dialing a number and getting some plans or as expensive as having a ground radar and doing land surveys. c) You usually have to notify and have permits for digging up. Sometimes the city will take it upon themselves, other times you have to do it. Cost of permits and notices to 100 houses d) Install tubing, lay cables, 8 people, a backhoe and a dump truck will take a good week or two if all the surveys have been done correctly. Off course if you manage to hit a thing with the backhoe, you could be delayed for a day or two. You still have to pay the construction workers. e) Fill the holes and repair side walks, lawns and streets you have broken open. Again, 4-6 people with equipment will take about a week doing that. f) Fielding complaints, law suits, talking to locals why you didn't re-plant their lawn Kentucky Blue Grass etc And then we haven't talked yet about material cost of lines, piping etc. Our estimates average about $500k/mile with a mix of overhead and underground cabling which isn't expensive since you can easily service 200 houses on a mile stretch. Underground is about 5 times as expensive as overhead. Obviously most of these costs are eventually fully funded by the tax payer (operators pretty much get paid for laying Internet lines) but it's a huge upfront cost and a player like Google won't benefit from grants since it's not really a local political player. Last week we had a backhoe operator hit a line twice, the second time he literally ran off and went missing for 3 hours without notifying anyone. Obviously he doesn't work there anymore but it caused a delay of 2 days between fixing the line and finding a new licensed operator and bringing them on site. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by Whorhay ( 1319089 ) writes: Why use a backhoe for fiber optic lines? Maybe it's just the soil we have around here, or rather clay, but I've seen crews out using horizontal hydraulic boring equipment laying in 3 inch PVC conduit all over the place. I would guess they still have to do all the planning and much of the other work but you don't need to repair or re-landscape nearly as much stuff that way. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: There is little, if any dark last-mile fiber. This is Unfortunate (Score:5, Insightful) by ddtmm ( 549094 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:24AM (#53153779) What this means is there really isn't ever going to be any meaningful competition in internet service providers in the foreseeable future. If Google with all it's cash can't feasibly put a competitive service together then no one can. If anything, competition is disappearing, with AT&T/TimeWarner's merger and all. Although we still need to see if that gets approved. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:This is Unfortunate (Score:5, Informative) by guises ( 2423402 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:46AM (#53153937) Well it may be true that no one can feasibly lay cable in a fiscally competitive way, but that isn't the only way to achieve a competitive marketplace. Redundant cable is really a pretty stupid way to do that - we could always just do what most countries do and implement unbundling access rules. In fact we have those rules on the books already, they were part of the telecommunications act of 1996, they just couldn't be exercised because of the FCC's stupid "third way" decision to classify ISPs as something other than telecommunications services. Now that they've reversed that decision, and once all of the lawsuits regarding that have been resolved, maybe we'll be able to have some competition among ISPs. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by oh_my_080980980 ( 773867 ) writes: You do realize that AT&T bought Time Warner the MEDIA company, not the ISP, which Charter purchased. Big party at ATT, COX, Comcast, and more. (Score:2) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: Big party at ATT, COX, Comcast, and more. The politicians like to party with there big backers. RANT! (Score:5, Insightful) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:40AM (#53153885) Why the fuck could the entire country be electrified (rural electrification), stringing heavy cables to every small town. Why the fuck could the entire country have telephone access (rural telephony), stringing twisted to every small town. Now in the 21st century they can't run a damned glass fiber (cheap compared to copper) in the most dense areas, never mind stringing it along mostly empty telephone poles. Give me a fucking break. I suppose the telcos took the money and run. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: RANT! (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:09AM (#53154115) The past is a different country: we just don't like doing things anymore if they're hard and not immediately profitable. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by H3lldr0p ( 40304 ) writes: Because in those situations there was enough political will power to look at those attempting to profit from the situation and tell them to get out of the way. Contemporary times are different. Part of that is the collapse of state party machines necessitating multimillion dollar funding for national political presence. Part of that it regulatory capture at both state and federal levels. And part of it has been the disintegration of a middle class that might have the leisure time necessary to parse the topic Re: (Score:3) by jeff4747 ( 256583 ) writes: Because when politicians declare "The era of big government is over", they mean it. And the rubes who follow them fail to understand what that statement really means. Re:RANT! (Score:5, Insightful) by Kohath ( 38547 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:53AM (#53154507) What did electricity compete with? Darkness and ice deliveries. What does fiber compete with? Services that are already roughly comparable to fiber. Who needs electricity? Everyone who doesn't have it. Who needs fiber? A small percentage (10% ?) of people who want to do something a regular cable/DSL 25Mbps connection isn't good enough for -- and who can't already get better service. Fiber is an incremental benefit for a smallish subset of people. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by jxander ( 2605655 ) writes: Only because that subset is artificially limited. People don't "need" better internet because the ISPs strangle out the competition. Netflix v Comcast was well documented. AT&T meters all of it's traffic, while zero-rating their own individually purchasable items. The current ISPs are doing everything they can to prevent people from moving into the 21st century of connectivity. And that's just talking about today, right now. Give it another 5-10 years, when people are streaming 4k movies in 3D, or wha Re: (Score:2) by Kohath ( 38547 ) writes: Only because that subset is artificially limited. People don't "need" better internet because the ISPs strangle out the competition. Netflix v Comcast was well documented. AT&T meters all of it's traffic, while zero-rating their own individually purchasable items. The current ISPs are doing everything they can to prevent people from moving into the 21st century of connectivity. Yes, that's why almost no one uses Netflix and Netflix is going out of business. And that's just talking about today, right now. Give it another 5-10 years, when people are streaming 4k movies in 3D, or whatever the "next big thing" is. Should we wait till then to upgrade our infrastructure? Or just let the ISPs keep running through the same 30 year old lines? If everyone pre-pays for their next 10 years of broadband bills, I'm sure the ISPs will install the next 10 years of equipment. Other than that, why should they setup anything they don't intend to use in the next year or two? Re:RANT! (Score:4, Informative) by Kohath ( 38547 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @10:19AM (#53154665) Upgrading when you need to upgrade is stupid? Because communications technology gets more expensive over time? Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by jabuzz ( 182671 ) writes: It's the same with most things like this it only gets more expensive in real terms over time. So yes in the long term it is cheaper to lay the fibre now than it is in the future. Something else to bear in mind is that the OpEx for fibre is a lot lower than the OpEx for copper based solutions. Basically there are no power hungry electronics in the middle to go wrong with fibre hence it is cheaper to run by a *LOT*. Re: (Score:2) by Kohath ( 38547 ) writes: Slashdot told me every second person would be unemployed because of robots in the future. So labor costs should fall. And if they don't, we can just have robots do the work. Re: (Score:2) by deadwill69 ( 1683700 ) writes: I wish I could mod this up. To add to your response, what about those people who are rural who need more than 256kb? I would love to move to a more rural area but that's all I could get from DSL. Cable? No way. I currently live downtown in a fairly large metropolitan area, next to a university and all I can get for under $100 a month is 25m DSL. For $150 I can get 150 m from cable company that's shared with 5k of my neighbors. No thanks! When I lived a few miles out and before U-Verse I could get co Re: (Score:3) by known_coward_69 ( 4151743 ) writes: i remember the days of Ma Bell and telephone service used to be expensive. like you rent a cheap phone for a lot of money expensive and pay per minute for local calls and long distance is calling 5 miles away to the next switch or area code. and if you wanted to call across the country to some family member it would be a once a year 10 minute call because it cost a day's wages you people are whining because you can't get fiber at a cheap price Re: (Score:2) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: I'd say it's not getting fiber, period. I'm paying $125/month for 100/5 with static IP. I'd pay more for 1000/1000, but it is still unavailable. Re: (Score:2) by Bruinwar ( 1034968 ) writes: You're talking about something a bit different, but it still applies IMO. When private industry won't/can't supply what the people want/need, then it is the duty of the government to do so. At least FDR thought so, The Rural Electrification Act of 1936 is why the rural areas finally started getting electricity. Municipal ISPs could provide the competition to force Comcrap, ATT, & the rest to improve their service. But that would take electing leaders that actually represent the people. Re: (Score:2) by sgt_doom ( 655561 ) writes: Could it be because we live in a fantasy finance capital, where financialization or financial engineering is king? Still don't have high-speed rail, even thought that dood in the White House promised it to us some years back! Re: (Score:2) by gander666 ( 723553 ) * writes: And much of this was funded by the public expense. We seem to be allergic to taxing for such ambitious projects these days. This is too bad. (Score:5, Informative) by aussersterne ( 212916 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:40AM (#53153887) Homepage I live in a GF area and love it. There are three tiers, 5 Mbps for $0 (yes, free broadband), 100 Mbps for $70, and 1 Gbps for $90. They have been absolutely bulletproof, the speeds are for real when tested, and the online system and the way that it integrates with their WiFi router is awesome. I have had multiple providers over the years, including Comcast and Verizon, and Google Fiber's product and service are easily better than the others. If Google can't make this work, there may be no hope for anything better for a long time to come. I just hope I don't lose it here! Share twitter facebook linkedin Yet another project in the Google Graveyard (Score:2) by fustakrakich ( 1673220 ) writes: Even if they built it, how long would they keep running it before killing it like so many of their other failures? Scared the existing providers? (Score:3) by rkhalloran ( 136467 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:50AM (#53153963) Homepage Minor advantage, at least here in Jacksonville: the prospect of GF arriving scared AT&T into stringing more fiber. I was able to get it at my place this summer, and already having DirecTV meant no data caps, a lower bill than the combined Comcast/DTV/Vonage bills I had been paying, and a jump from 75/12 Mb to 940 symmetric. And being able to call up Comcast and tell them to DIAF didn't hurt my well-being either. Only problem now is what to do in two years when the contract expires and I won't have GF to threaten them with.... Share twitter facebook linkedin Short-sighted shareholders won out again.... (Score:5, Insightful) by bev_tech_rob ( 313485 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:15AM (#53154171) FTA.... Moving into big cities was a contentious point inside Google Fiber, according to one former executive. Leaders like Barratt and Dennis Kish, who runs Google Fiber day-to-day, pushed for the big expansion. Others pushed back because of the prohibitive cost of digging up streets to lay fiber-optic cables across some of America’s busiest cities. 'Others', as in SHORT SIGHTED 'ACTIVIST' SHAREHOLDERS who want that quarterly price target hit, were the ones who pushed back. Share twitter facebook linkedin I guess Post and General Mills were right (Score:2) by Yvan256 ( 722131 ) writes: "Not enough fiber". Everything is Beta (Score:2) by nitehawk214 ( 222219 ) writes: The problem with Google's "Everything is Beta" mindset is that they can pull the plug on anything whenever they want. I am pretty happy with Fi right now, but I know its just a trial-balloon. Once the hype ends, if it isnt a market-dominating force, they will pull the plug on it. To be expected (Score:2) by houghi ( 78078 ) writes: Google seems to be doing business strategy based on whack-a-mole. Try this. Does it work out? Great. Doesn't work out. drop it and try again. They where just plain lucky that the first few where a hit and gave them enough money to absorb all the misses. And if you do enough tries, you will hit something eventually. So this is just another where the beta program is being discontinued. They will first probably let it bleed dead and then just cancel it all, not even sell it. *sigh* Par for the course... (Score:5, Insightful) by rockmuelle ( 575982 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @10:19AM (#53154667) I'd be surprised, but this is such a common pattern with Google/Alphabet (which I will refer to as Google for the rest of this post) when they try anything that's not Ad/Search related that it's more of a *meh*. Google Health, that Energy project that they seem to have wiped from search results, Google+, Google Glass, and so on. They put a huge amount of upfront capital into these projects and hype to hell out of them only to abandon them when they realize that it takes effort to build new, ground breaking businesses. Not everything will be handed to them like ads/search was. From that I can tell, it also seems to be a function of internal champions - one person drives these projects and when they lose interest, the projects die. From the tech eco-system's perspective, this is frustrating. As soon as Google announces one of these projects, everyone assumes they'll succeed and competition is stifled. Investors don't want to compete against Google. I run a genomic informatics company. Google Genomics is making noise in this space and every time we talk to investors or customers, we inevitably spend 5-10 minutes talking about Google. My stock response is to walk them through Google's past efforts with non-Ad/Search products and ask them if they're willing to risk Google losing interest. Google has an important place in the tech world, but they still act like a tween trying to fit in. -Chris Share twitter facebook linkedin Why would you buy anything from Google ever? (Score:3) by SuperKendall ( 25149 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @10:39AM (#53154795) It seems like more and more over the years, nothing from Google is immune from abandonment syndrome. It's like the guy who came with with Google Fiber did it as a 20% project and decided recently VR was cooler. "Sell off the trencher Fran, I'm getting' a Vive!" If it's anything but placing ads for search I'm not sure I would trust Google with anything again. I host my domain mail with Google and frankly I'm thinking about shifting away from them for that... Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: Agree, never host anything critical with Google, and never pay for anything that you will be upset if they discontinue. I do use gmail, which seems pretty safe from cancellation, but even there I keep my own domain name so I can switch it at a moment's notice if Google decides to drop it like so many past products. The Utility Biz ... (Score:2) by PPH ( 736903 ) writes: ... is unlike most other businesses. Certainly nothing like Internet content and service providers. You not only have to make significant up front capital investments, you have to spend money on operations, maintenance and repair. And that means significant staffs of direct employees plus lots of equipment standing by to do storm recovery or chase backhoe digups. Companies that have tried to contract these things out have failed miserably. Companies like Google will inevitably get tired of spending money o Google Succeeded (Score:2) by darkain ( 749283 ) writes: Google Succeeded as far as I'm concerned. Their initial point wasn't the fact that GOOGLE could do it, it was the fact that ISPs across the country were not being honest about how much bandwidth really cost. While it may not quite be at the same $75-ish price point of Google Fiber, there are now countless companies who have done massive upgrades to their networks to support FTTH in markets that were previously uncompetitive, even ones Google was't even eying. Where I live, CenturyLink used to offer only 3mb Typical Google (Score:2) by cerberusss ( 660701 ) writes: Typical Google. Plans are written in pencil and can be erased at any time. Always, always have a backup when dealing with Google. To rely solely on them is to be disappointed at some point in time. they are going at it wrong (Score:2) by WindBourne ( 631190 ) writes: What they need to do is approach netflix and amazon and get them to invest in this as well. In doing that, they would gain investments rather than spend billions paying ATT and other CLECs, cable TV, etc. Not surprised given how they did it here (Score:3) by Zontar_Thing_From_Ve ( 949321 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @11:34AM (#53155231) I live in one of the largest metropolitan areas of the USA. Like pretty much all US metro areas, the number of people who actually live within the city limits of the major city we are named for is a lot lower than then entire metro area. Roughly 10% of the metro residents live with the city limits and 90% live outside it. In fact, the county where I live has more than double the population of the city itself, but no parts of my county are within the city limits. Google negotiated a deal with the city only in our metro area to keep their costs down. So nobody in my county can get Google fiber. The problem with Google's deal is that they didn't study the demographics here. Very roughly speaking, there are only two kinds of people who live within city limits because of outrageous property prices - the very poor and the very rich. The poor don't buy Google fiber. The rich can afford whatever they want to pay so there's no real reason for them to get Google fiber unless they really want to. Google advertises a surprising amount on local TV. Well, I'd love to be a customer, Google, but you didn't want to deal with my county, so you're out of luck. Maybe if you had instead offered it to my entire county instead of only the metro's city limits, you'd have had more business. Believe me, many of us would love to leave Comcast and AT&T but they are the only games where we live. Share twitter facebook linkedin Be scared (Score:2) by Etcetera ( 14711 ) writes: I used to not be too afraid of Google's technological dominance, but this is great evidence that Alphabet's well on it's way to becoming the full-on Umbrella Corp... They seem to only employee engineers and project leads who don't live in the real world, and lack a certain amount of common sense. Laying cable is hard. And you can't just charge everyone marginal costs on physical operations. Sometimes you can't software your way out of something. they should have done small towns first (Score:2) by Lumpy ( 12016 ) writes: they would have utterly owned the market by doing that . Comcast and Time warner love to abuse small towns so they would have had a instant high percentage uptake. I'd like to take this opportunity . . . (Score:2) by sgt_doom ( 655561 ) writes: . . . to mention something appropriate to this topic, namely Google, and other tech companies, and their hiring procedures. We've been reading for years on, on this site and others, about the stringent interview/tests required for Google applicants (and I used to hear the same thing about Micro$oft, etc.), yet nothing brilliant has come out of that company beyond their search engine --- yes, they've purchased the occasional company and added its innovations to their arsenal, but nothing particularly crea Re: (Score:2) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: Ditto. They have much left to finish around Kansas City. Re:They better make it to my house... (Score:4, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:56AM (#53154531) If you read the actual blog, the only cities where "operations" are being paused are those classified as "potential" Fiber Cities. Existing Cities (KC, Austin, Nashville) and Upcoming Cities (Irvine, CA; Huntsville, AL; San Antonio) are still going to have Google Fiber. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: ARGH! I can't; blocked at work. Thanks. Re: (Score:2) by TWX ( 665546 ) writes: This really pisses me off. We need *more* competition, not less. The phone company and the cable company are the only games in town and neither offers ubiquitous coverage, and both like to jack around their rates as they can because of that lack of competition. Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: Lobby your city government. Lobby them, because the cable companies do. Re: (Score:2) by wjcofkc ( 964165 ) writes: I live in KC and the the utility pole where the fiber stops is two houses up and so everyone two houses up has and has had fiber for a year or two. The curled up cable has been sitting there for ages... Re:They better make it to my house... (Score:5, Interesting) by mlts ( 1038732 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:15AM (#53154167) Same here in Austin... if a house has access to Google Fiber, it can add $20,000 to the value, from what a real estate agent told me. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by Frobnicator ( 565869 ) writes: Same here in Austin... if a house has access to Google Fiber, it can add $20,000 to the value, from what a real estate agent told me. Living in Austin, can confirm. Homes around here are around $250K-$400K depending on size. When Google or AT&T come through and install fiber to the home in various neighborhoods, the property value jumps about $20K. That is on top of the already skyrocketing home costs of over 10% per year. Great time to have already been a property owner, terrible time to buy. Re: (Score:2) by tburkhol ( 121842 ) writes: I can see paying a 5% premium to be in a neighborhood where FTTH is installed. Where the cable company isn't just competing with DSL and satellite, but with a comparable technology. We've all heard that the incumbent ISP drop their prices as soon as google moves into the neighborhood, so I might even imagine recouping some of that purchase premium through lower ISP rates. Re:They better make it to my house... (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:37AM (#53154375) When Google first announced their gigabit fiber plans I predicted this would happen, although I thought it they would actually finish a couple of cities before they gave up. You won't see widespread fiber to the home in your lifetime. Running all new wiring, to every house, in every neighborhood, in every city, was never a good idea. Would I like gigabit fiber? Of course. Who wouldn't. But the U.S. is too big, it costs too much, and it takes too long. Instead, we should be pushing for something that would benefit everyone, not just the 1% of the population lucky enough to be blessed by Google. End restrictions on municipal broadband. Local loop unbundling. Make the phone/cable oligopoly open their networks (that were built with government subsidies) to real competition. Speed will go up, price will go down and stupid bullshit like data caps will disappear overnight.   Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by interkin3tic ( 1469267 ) writes: You won't see widespread fiber to the home in your lifetime. Running all new wiring, to every house, in every neighborhood, in every city, was never a good idea. Would I like gigabit fiber? Of course. Who wouldn't. But the U.S. is too big Comes up every time someone discusses the sorry state of internet in the US. Size has nothing to do with it. We don't need to run fiber to every square mile of death valley. 3% of the united states land is urbanized. We don't need to cover even all of THAT. If you live in Lander WY, you accept you're not going to have great internet offerings. Farmer Brown in western kansas isn't going to start a rebellion if LA gets fiber and his cows don't. But how many cities aside from the three that Google Fiber did [staticworld.net] ha Re: (Score:2) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: Actually farmer Brown in Kansas does have fiber: https://ideatek.servicezones.n... [servicezones.net] Re: (Score:2) by Grishnakh ( 216268 ) writes: You won't see widespread fiber to the home in your lifetime. That's BS. Just ask anyone in an area that has Verizon FiOS service. (Note that I'm not making any claims about the quality of FiOS service...) Re:In Seattle... (Score:5, Funny) by tripleevenfall ( 1990004 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @08:55AM (#53154001) I live in Seattle, and the best I can get is a carrier pigeon delivering an illegible scrawl of slashdot postings on a crumpled up Halls lozenge wrapper. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:In Seattle... (Score:5, Funny) by 14erCleaner ( 745600 ) writes: <FourteenerCleaner@yahoo.com> on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:04AM (#53154081) Homepage Journal I was curious if anybody had implemented RFC 1149 [ietf.org]. Now I know! Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:In Seattle... (Score:4, Informative) by Zocalo ( 252965 ) writes: on Wednesday October 26, 2016 @09:18AM (#53154203) Homepage The Bergen Linux User group have actually done this for real [linux.no] (for all of 9 packets though), and it was also discussed here [slashdot.org]. Or course, that's now old hat as it doesn't implement QoS [ietf.org] or IPv6oAC [ietf.org]. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Fire_Wraith ( 1460385 ) writes: Sounds like it's still a better option than Comcast. Re: (Score:2) by LynnwoodRooster ( 966895 ) writes: Feel lucky. When I was living in Ballard we could only use knocks on logs as that's all the old Norwegian loggers set us up to use. Then in Edmonds, it was even worse - we could only do smoke signals, and with the constant rain and wind and clouds you were lucky to send out one tweet a month! Re: (Score:2) by sgt_doom ( 655561 ) writes: Are we sharing the same pigeon????? Re: (Score:2) by bev_tech_rob ( 313485 ) writes: Consider yourself lucky. I'm in Seattle and the best service I can get is a pair of shotgunned 128K ISDN lines for $350/mo. It's either that or dial-up. I can't even get a solid 2 bars on my phone. That's pretty sad. Here in BFE Arkansas, I can either have either Ultimate Internet by Cox Cable (200/20 - most other places it is 300/20 - $99.99/month) or symmetrical gigabit for around $275 via FTTH. You would think Seattle, WA (home of Microsoft, etc) would have a virtual cornucopia (sp) of broadband options?? Re: (Score:2) by darkain ( 749283 ) writes: Natural outsider reaction. Sorry, but Seattle isn't home to Microsoft (though it is home to Amazon). Seattle is actually across the lake and down the street a ways. Over in Redmond? Yeah, everyone is fucking rich as hell and things are great! However Seattle isn't the same, with many poor neighborhoods that receive little to no love from companies or government alike. Re: (Score:2) by green1 ( 322787 ) writes: I pay monthly bills for all sorts of different services. I have never found any of them who were willing to move my billing date at all. I'm not sure why you think Google should do what nobody else does. As for shutting you off if you don't pay... well, yes, that would be the sensible way to handle that. Do you think they should just let you freeload forever? Paying bills on time is part of being an adult. Learn how to do it. I'm sure nobody is losing sleep over not providing service to someone who won't pay Re: (Score:2, Insightful) by HornWumpus ( 783565 ) writes: If someone can't cover a $400 bill and has cable TV or broadband they are a moron. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 2801 commentsDonald Trump Wins US Presidency 1116 commentsVC, Entrepreneur Says Basic Income Would Work Even If 90% People 'Smoked Pot' and Didn't Work 1092 commentsYelp Employee Posts Open Letter About Cost Of Living And Low Wages, Gets Fired 1052 commentsUniversal Basic Income Programs Arrive 1028 commentsRussia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' next Intel Announces Atom E3900 Series - Goldmont for the Internet of Things 68 comments previous Russia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' 1028 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 204 loaded Submit Story "In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble." -- Alan Perlis FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google’s virtual game changer: Leveraging 360 VR video & image optimization for SEO Contributor Brian Ussery notes that as global search interest in VR skyrockets, Google has quietly made 360-degree VR videos and images accessible across devices and optimizable for organic search. Brian Ussery on October 26, 2016 at 9:56 am More With little fanfare, earlier this year Google rolled out a way to embed 360-degree VR media for headsets in search engine optimizable web pages accessible via desktop and mobile. That’s right, immersive VR videos and images for VR headsets can now be optimized for search, accessed directly from Google and experienced on desktops and mobile devices, with or without the need for a native mobile app or VR headset. (Full disclosure: I own stock in Google.) Considering Google has shipped over five million Cardboard VR headsets, and over 12 million VR headsets are expected to sell this year, this innovation presents a major opportunity for search marketers in travel, real estate, design, education and other industries. While it has always been possible to embed 360 VR media in pages for consumption on desktop and mobile, compatibility issues made it nearly impossible to embed content for VR headsets in web pages. Google’s “VR View” is changing that by making immersive 360-degree VR media interoperable and resolving concerns about the “limited availability of VR hardware among the general public.” Google VR View for the web supports full 360 VR through Google Cardboard devices. For mobile and desktop users without a VR headset, VR View pages default to a “magic window” accessible across browsers and mobile apps and by search engines. Following the 360 VR revolution This release comes amidst a dramatic rise in public fascination with VR technology. Global search interest in “VR” has increased 300 percent over the past year and reached a new all-time high in June 2016. Additionally, an increasing body of research indicates that 360 VR content increases engagement, interactions, views, shares, subscriptions, time on page and empathy. Search engines can interpret these as signals of quality content, which, as you may already know, can be critical for rankings. Quality content is kind of the whole point of good virtual reality. When executed properly, 360 VR videos and images provide users with a sense of “presence” or the feeling they are “somewhere else.” The idea of “presence” is near and dear to Google, as co-founder and Alphabet CEO Larry Page considered focusing on telepresence in college instead of search. Rather than being its own product internally at Google, VR is more of an interdepartmental concept that every product manager is encouraged to explore and understand. Google employees working on Search, StreetView, YouTube, Geo, Maps, Android and other things are also working on VR-related projects. Because Google believes in the potential for 360-degree VR media to be a “transformative technology,” it has heavily invested in VR. With its current fleet of hundreds of cars, trolleys, trikes, snowmobiles, submarines and backpacks dedicated to capturing panoramic imagery for Google Street View, perhaps no company on earth has as much experience capturing 360-degree media as Google. 360 VR has come a long way Being a deeply invested trailblazer in this emerging medium is no small feat. Producing high-quality 360 VR images and video has historically been expensive, difficult and tedious. When I created my first 360-degree image back in 2002, it took me more than 40 hours just to digitally stitch every image together. That doesn’t include time to scout locations, capture images or “invent” the necessary equipment (nothing existed commercially at the time). Of course, today there are a number of relatively low-priced options for capturing and automatically “stitching” together VR media, and this form of content creation is becoming more and more popular among brands and publishers alike. In addition to the wide range of cameras and devices on the market, there are free apps like Google’s Street View camera and Cardboard camera that make it easier than ever before to capture 360-degree videos and images. In addition to real-world capture, VR View even supports an expanding range of CGI solutions. Now, with Google VR View, nearly anyone can embed and promote VR media directly on their website, letting users easily find it from Google search and consume it on desktop, mobile or with a VR headset. This is the first step in what’s sure to be an exciting future for VR. Google VR View VR View starts with a “magic window” iframe embedded in a traditional web page. On desktop, VR View works like standard 360 VR content, but on mobile, the image on the phone corresponds to the movement of the phone. With VR View, when the phone moves, the VR video or image embedded in the magic window responds to move along with the phone. Mobile users can view 360 VR media via partial or full-screen experience, or they can click on the Cardboard icon to transition to a head-mounted display (HMD) VR experience. To see VR View in action, check out Google’s demo on your desktop, mobile and Google Cardboard-powered VR device. 360 VR video & image SEO preparation VR View supports mono 360 panoramas, as well as omnidirectional stereo (ODS) panoramas. Both 360 stills and videos are supported in mono or stereo. When it comes to image files, Google supports PNG and JPEG, but JPEG is usually the best option from a load time perspective. Content in 360 VR can be optimized to load quickly on mobile and even use advanced technologies like AMP, which now supports immersive video viewing experiences. Dimensions should always be divisible by 16 and be a maximum of 4096 x 4096. To use 360 VR images from Google’s Cardboard camera app, download the image and convert it to align with Google’s formatting standards. Google provides all of the basic information and guidelines you will need on the VR developer site. 360 VR technical SEO preparation Google has open-sourced “VR View,” making all of the technical specifications available on Github. Google recommends uploading a local version of VR View instead of using a linked external version. For those folks who are not technically inclined, the advantage of VR View is that it does all of the hard work. You can actually get VR View up and running by simply uploading VR View files to your site from Github and making a handful of required technical changes. 360 VR search engine optimization When it comes to optimizing VR View pages for search, it is important to be aware that search engines do not index video files directly in search results. Instead, search engines index URLs of pages where video content is accessible for users. In order to index VR View pages, the engine must crawl the parent URL, find the iframe and iframe content, associate them all together, and index the parent URL in search results. Thanks to VR View, SEO for VR content pages is easy. In many ways, it is similar to standard video or image optimization, except for a few key differences. Once you have a 360 VR file embedded in a working, mobile-friendly HTTPS page that loads quickly, it is time to start thinking about optimizing URLs for search. The page, iframe URL and VR media URL all need to be unique and optimized for search. Since file names can convey important clues to users and search engines, it is a good idea to include descriptive keywords in URLs for these files. For VR files, “VR” and geographic keywords usually do well. For instance, chicago-vr-image.jpg is better than 1234.jpg. Google includes some keyword terms in the VR View example, but it is possible to make additional customizations for SEO. Each page needs a unique and descriptive HTML <title> element (60-70 characters), meta description (a short sentence or two) and heading tag (three to eight words). Given the interest in “VR” related keywords, it is a good idea to include geographic and VR-related keyword terms accurately describing the subject. For instance, “VR Video Wrigley Field Chicago, IL” is better than just “VR Video” or “Wrigley Field Chicago.” Include a short five- to eight-word caption under the magic window for each piece of 360 VR content. Ensure each caption accurately describes the location and subject matter of the media in the page, in addition to including a couple of “VR”-related keywords for searchers looking for VR content. For instance, “360 VR image: Machu Picchu Peru Guardhouse View.” If an image is worth 1,000 words, 16 images have to be worth a lot more, no? Include some unique original text (ideally a paragraph or two) under the caption for each piece of VR content that accurately describes the subject matter of the 360 VR media embedded in the page. Try to include relevant named entities like nearby cities, states, countries, landmarks, rivers, mountains ranges, forests, oceans, deserts and seasons in addition to elevation, date, time, weather or other relevant information. To attract users searching for “VR”-related keyword terms, do not forget to include format-related content keywords like “VR video,” “VR images,” “immersive video,” “360 VR media” or similar words that make sense. At the same time, the key is to sprinkle, not spam.  (Google’s demo is a technical proof of concept and not an example of SEO best practices; including duplicate text taken directly from Wikipedia is not recommended.) Stanford’s Virtual Storytelling Guide is a great reference for VR success. Since the magic window in VR View leverages an iframe, and iframed content can be problematic for search engines, it never hurts to place a rel=canonical tag pointing to the parent URL in the iframed page, as long as the same iframe URL is not embedded in multiple parent URLs. When used properly, the rel=canonical tag helps ensure that engines index the page with the embedded video and properly consolidate linking properties. VR videos & image search options In addition to embedding 360-degree VR media in web pages or uploading VR videos to YouTube.com, many of the latest 360 VR cameras, devices and apps interface directly with Google. That means that photographers can instantly share 360 VR images on Google with the push of a button. This is important for marketers because photos with virtual tours in search results are twice as likely to generate interest. With the Google Street View camera app, user-contributed 360 VR images can appear in Google organic search results, Google Maps, Street View, Google Earth, third-party sites using embeddable widgets or the Google Maps API, as well as other Google products and services. Final thoughts When people think about VR, “gaming” is the first thing that usually comes to mind, but not all VR experiences require the time it takes to play a game, let alone a fancy VR headset. According to some leading VR experts, the best applications for VR might be communication, not gaming. Marketers interested in VR should think about opportunities to share real-world “bite-size” VR content that anyone can consume — and the sense of “presence” it conveys. For instance, building trust with a 360 VR video of your actual office, closing more deals by leveraging a 360 virtual walk-throughs of homes still under construction, booking more guests by capturing actual views from your rooms or properties and selling more tours with immersive images of real world destinations. Instead of taking a traditional “gaming” approach to 360 VR videos and images, marketers should focus on Google’s “VR for all approach.” Just like Google image search and YouTube, sometimes the best result for a user’s query is not a page full of text. VR creators, developers and users will come up with new and interesting ways to leverage 360 VR media. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Brian Ussery Brian Ussery is the Director of SEO at Razorfish and a leading authority on Google related SEO issues. He is a Google "Top Contributor" in the search console help forum and a trusted Google partner, who connects regularly to stay in-the-know about new and improved product features. Related Articles An In-Depth Look At Image Optimization: Fact And Future Video Optimization: Do Not Underestimate The Power Of YouTube The Rise of Video: 8 Tips to Boost Your Site's SEO With Video How TV (And Video) Influences Search Behavior All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Image SearchSEO: Video Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Google’s dedicated search app gains ability to preview Now cards with 3D Touch By Christian Zibreg, Oct 26, 2016 Tweet 2 Comments Google today issue a small update to its dedicated search app for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Bumped to version 20.3, the free of charge app has gained the ability to preview Google Now cards with 3D Touch on the iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Just press a card within the app to peek at its contents, then swipe up to access additional options or press harder to open the card in fullscreen mode. As mentioned, swiping up while peeking at a Now card reveals hidden options at the bottom of the screen allowing you to copy the URL, share the item using iOS’s multi-purpose Share sheet and more. You may see additional options in the menu depending on the type of Now card being previewed. Aside from using 3D Touch to preview Now cards in your feed, this edition of the Google app contains no other outward-facing enhancements. Grab Google for iOS for free from the App Store. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Google Photos gains 3D Touch shortcuts and storage optimization feature Get directions to home and work with 3D Touch and Google Maps At long last, Facebook Messenger implements 3D Touch Peek and Pop Twitter’s iOS app gains Peek and Pop previews Related Topics 3D Touch, App Store Apps, App Updates, Apple, Apps, Google, iPad, iPhone, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPod Touch (JailbreakQA) King Shoot Didn’t expect Zagreb to be in that one weather photo. Probably a Croatian Google dev Sebastien No, just a screenshot taken by Christian who lives in Croatia   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac New Apple ad highlights Beats Solo3 Wireless 40-hour battery & on-ear controls   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet 1479166785 Business Fiat Chrysler, Cummins reject diesel cheating suit 1479165911 Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win 1479165311 World New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town 1479160847 Business Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman 1479163783 Business Wall St. ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop 1479159621 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 15 1479134340 World Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens 1479163130 Business SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's 1479162175 World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt 1479163236 Business Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 1479161233 Business Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source 1479161730 Business Big-name investors remained bearish on financials before U.S. election 1479154794 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 World Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election 1479158999 World U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' 1479157785 World Poland re-examines remains of president killed in 2010 plane crash 1479149793 World Merkel urges Germans to stay 'open-minded' 1479149557 World UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups 1479154867 World Austria doesn't need emergency cap on refugees now: minister 1479152896 World Islamic State claims suicide attacks as Mosul campaign makes slow progress 1479151562 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 World Nigerian police, Shi'ite Muslims clash in Kano state, at least nine dead 1479149009 World Congo cabinet resigns as part of deal for Kabila to stay 1479150433 World Prosecutors question Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London 1479150028 Business Oil rebounds from three-month lows on renewed hopes for OPEC cut 1479159093 Business Too early to tell impact of Trump policies: Fed's Kaplan 1479156434 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479150386 Business U.S. finalizes 'quiet cars' rules to prevent injuries 1479158115 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479148950 Business With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy 1479158008 World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 Business Google executives met Indonesian officials to negotiate tax bill: source A man holds his smartphone which displays the Google home page, in this picture illustration taken in Bordeaux, Southwestern France. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:20 PM, October 26, 2016 JAKARTA - Senior executives from the Asia Pacific headquarters of Alphabet Inc's <GOOGL.O> Google met Indonesian tax officials on Wednesday to negotiate the internet search company's tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters. No agreement has been reached yet, said the person, who declined to be named as the information was confidential. A Google spokesman declined to comment. Indonesia plans to pursue Google for five years of back taxes, and the U.S. company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, senior tax official Muhammad Haniv told Reuters last month. Google Indonesia has said it continues to cooperate with local authorities and has paid all applicable taxes. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to reduce its budget deficit and fund an infrastructure program. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on corporate tax avoidance. Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms, the head of the Revenue Department told Reuters last month. Ken Dwijugiasteadi, Indonesia's director-general of taxes, declined to comment on whether the meeting with Google took place on Wednesday, but told Reuters in a text message: "When the time is right, we will hold a press conference." The tax office alleges that Google's local entity, PT Google Indonesia, paid less than 0.1 percent of the total income and value-added taxes it owed last year, with most of the revenue from the country being booked at Google's Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. The Indonesian tax office has estimated the total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia at around $830 million a year, with Google and Facebook Inc <FB.O> accounting for around 70 percent of that. But a joint study by Google and Singapore state investor Temasek released earlier this year estimated this at $300 million for 2015. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Wall Street soars as investors see higher chance of Clinton win Wall Street gains as traders bet on Clinton triumph Inside Today World Canada airliner swerves to avoid object near Toronto; two hurt Guerrilla group claims responsibility for attack at French embassy in Athens New Zealand begins evacuating tourists from quake-hit town Russian police find evidence of fraud during parliamentary election U.S. slams proposed Israeli bill on settlements as 'troubling step' Business Exclusive: Mexico banking watchdog boosts oversight of banks after Trump win Nasdaq names Friedman CEO; Greifeld to be chairman SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47 billion takeover offer: source Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Google Fiber operations in Jacksonville on hold, company officials say by: Kristen Dressel Updated: Oct 26, 2016 - 10:18 AM Twtter JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - The plan to expand Google Fiber in Jacksonville has been placed on hold, according to company officials. Jacksonville Mayor Lenny Curry and Google announced last October the possibility of high-speed internet and TV for Jacksonville via a fiber network infrastructure that would deliver speeds about 1,000 times faster than average internet speeds. But those plans may be on hold. Related Headlines 3 killed after shooter opens fire on young mom, 3 children in car in… Wife injures husband with sword after fight about drugs, Clay County… BREAKING: Ross Harris found guilty of murder in son's hot car death The company said in a statement Tuesday by Craig Barratt that it plans to pause operations and offices while it refines its approaches for most of its “potential Fiber cities.” Jacksonville is one of those potential Fiber cities. The cities where the company has launched or is under construction will have the work continue, Barratt said. Barratt described the company as solid, but said the company has to make changes “to focus our business and product strategy” to enhance the focus on new technology and deployment methods to make the internet more abundant. " ... Thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we’ve built together in five short years," Barratt said.  Barratt said the changes will have “some immediate implications.” Barratt didn’t expand on the implications, but said the company will be reducing employees’ in cities that are in an exploratory stage and in certain related areas of supporting operations. The company also announced that Barret is stepping down as CEO of Access, the division of Google corporate parent, Alphabet Inc. However, he will continue as an advisor for the company. “I am humbled by our growth and progress across Access today, and I’m so grateful to have been part of such an extraordinary bet. And as we continue this bet, I remain confident that the future will hold a much more connected society and abundant access for all. Let’s keep doing our part to make it so!” © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Google Fiber operations in Jacksonville on hold, company officials say Parents urged to learn fully about essential oils before using them on… Orange Park man arrested, twin brother investigated for child porn Woman dies after Jacksonville firefighters pulled her from house fire Off-duty firefighter on way home from Disney saves man from burning car… News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Hardware Google unveils the Jamboard, a 55-inch 4K digital whiteboard that's cheaper than the Surface Hub By Rob Thubron on Oct 26, 2016, 6:15 AM TechSpot Google is taking on Microsoft’s Surface Hub with its own 55-inch 4K wall-mounted touchscreen aimed at businesses. The Jamboard is a cloud-connected digital whiteboard that lets teams collaborate on projects even when people are in different locations. The display, which runs Android and a new whiteboarding app, lets users draw, type, import/edit images and Google docs, do web searches in a mini browser, add post-it notes, place stickers, and more, all while automatically saving everything to Google Drive. The Jamboard’s built-in HD camera, speakers, and Wi-Fi lets teams use Hangouts, allowing them to broadcast their work globally. Support for YouTube will arrive at a later date, and third-party developers will eventually be able to create apps that run on Jamboard. Google’s device can recognize up to 16 simultaneous touch inputs, and its passive stylus (no batteries or Bluetooth connection required) may look chunky, but it can draw a line just 1mm thick. It also comes with a round eraser, though you can also use your finger to remove stuff. Probably the most important element of the Jamboard is its remote collaboration features. Teams from around the world can watch and contribute to “jam” sessions using their own Jamboards, or participate using the full companion tablet app for iOS and Android. There’s also a smartphone app that lets users follow along and contribute. The Jamboard can be wall mounted or rolled around on a stand, and it comes with USB and HDMI ports. Google said it has already been testing and refining the device with companies such as Netflix and Spotify. The Jamboard will be available for G Suite customers in the first half of 2017 for less than $6000, making it cheaper than Microsoft’s $8999 55-inch Surface Hub. There’s an early adopter program for those who can’t wait until next year. Related Reads Microsoft said to be testing three Surface all-in-one PCs, redesigning Surface Book hinge Ultra-high-end Surface Book, Surface Pro 4 models now available Surface Mini coming soon? Microsoft sends out invites to a 'small' Surface event in NYC on May 20 6 comments 75 interactions Now Read This… Google now has seven services used by more than a billion people Asynchronous Timewarp enables Oculus Rift to run on slower PCs Google Daydream VR Review Popular 16 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it 45 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise 8 comments Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch 10 comments Russia to investigate Microsoft, Kaspersky says Windows Defender is anti-competitive Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 13 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 8 Windows 10 update, eveyrthing's broken 9 Retailers reveal the price of the Nintendo Switch 10 Adult Friend Finder parent company hacked, 412 million accounts from multiple sites exposed 27 Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Yoast Cart Search Navigation Search home About us Work at Yoast Meet us Contact SEO blog Content SEO WordPress Technical SEO Search news UX & Conversion Analytics eCommerce Social media Plugins Yoast SEO Drupal module Dev blog Licenses Courses My Academy Basic SEO SEO copywriting Yoast SEO for WP Keyword research eBooks SEO for WordPress Content SEO UX & Conversion Hire us Yoast SEO configuration Gold review Platinum review Yoast consultancy FAQ WordPress plugins Website reviews Drupal WordPress themes General Cart USD ($)EUR (€) How to get Google to crawl your site faster How to get Google to crawl your site faster October 26th, 2016 – 5 Comments Post author Joost de Valk View his other posts » Category Technical SEO » Tags How to » Site Speed » A question that often pops up for sites that are chasing “hot topics” is: how to get Google to crawl our site faster? This could be either because you have a big site and want to see changes faster or because you’re optimizing a news site. There are a few things you can do to improve your crawl speed. We’ll cover them in this post. There are a couple of possible reasons why Google is slow when spidering your site. The first might seem obvious: if Google doesn’t find enough (quality) links pointing to your site, it doesn’t think your site is very important. The other reasons are technical: it has too much to crawl on your site, your site is too slow, or it’s encountering too many errors. Your site doesn’t have enough authority When your site doesn’t have enough quality inbound links, Google will not crawl your site very quickly. You can imagine it doesn’t necessarily want to spend much time on a site that it doesn’t deem important. When your site is brand new, this will be the case. So, when you need more crawl action on your site, start doing some link building. We’ve written about that topic before, I’d suggest reading these three posts as I won’t go into it any further here: Link building from a holistic SEO perspective Link building, what not to do 6 steps to a successful link building strategy If the above three posts are not enough for you, there’s more in our link building archive. Technical reasons for slow crawling The technical reasons for Google to crawl your site slowly can be divided into three groups: your site is too slow, you have too many errors, or you have too many URLs. Your server is slow The main reason why we see Google crawling sites slowly, is when the site itself is actually slow. Google actually indicates this to you when this is the case, on the “crawl rate” page of Google Search Console. If this is the case, Google might show you a “faster” option: Our advice: set it to “Faster”, but don’t stop with that: make your server respond faster, either by upgrading your hosting, or improving your site’s caching. Chances are that when Google is suffering long load times, your users are as well. Optimize your site for Google News! Create XML News Sitemaps, editors’ picks RSS feeds and more with Yoast News SEO! »Buy now » Info Too many errors on your site If you have a lot of errors on your site for Google, Google will start crawling slowly too. To speed up the crawl process, fix those errors. Simply 301 redirect those erroring pages to proper URLs on your site. If you don’t know where to find those errors: use the Google Search Console integration in Yoast SEO. Or log into Google Search Console. If you have access to your site’s access logs, you can also look at those, preferably with a tool like Screaming Frog’s Log file analyzer. To prevent your site from being crawled slowly, it’s important that you regularly look at your site’s errors and fix them. We have a more extensive article on fixing 404 errors. When your site is down too much, Google will slow down incredibly hard. If this happens because of your hosting, switch hosting. Make sure to check on your site’s uptime with a tool like Pingdom. Too many URLs If you simply have too many URLs on your site, Google might crawl a lot but it will never be enough. This can happen because of faceted search navigation for instance, or another system on your site that simply generates too many URLs. To figure out whether this is the case for you, it’s always wise to regularly crawl your own site. You can either do that manually with Screaming Frog’s SEO spider, or with a tool like OnPage.org. Tips to increase your crawl speed A couple of simple tips to increase your site’s crawl speed: Using the methods above, find and fix all the errors. Make sure your site is fast. Add an XML sitemap to your site and submit it to the search engines. If all of that fails to improve your crawl speed, start link building! Specifically for news sites, if you want to be indexed faster, you should also look at our News SEO plugin. When you’re in (or want to be in) Google News, it can help make sure you meet all the technical requirements. Read more: ‘Site speed: tools and suggestions’ » Home Academy SEO blog Technical SEO How to get Google to crawl your site faster Joost de Valk is the founder and CEO of Yoast. He's a WordPress / Web developer, SEO & and an Open Source fanatic. He's also (and more importantly) the father of three sons called Tycho, Ravi and Borre, a daughter called Wende and the husband of the lovely Marieke, who also works at Yoast. Read all about Joost » View his other posts or find him on Twitter  Linkedin  Subscribe to our newsletter and get a 50 page eBook for free! Name Email Subscribe » 5 Responses to How to get Google to crawl your site faster By Amy on 27 October, 2016 Thank you for the great information By Wagga Web Design on 27 October, 2016 What sort of target should we be aiming at for publish to crawl time? By ashish on 27 October, 2016 Hi, from past one month , i noticed google indexing of webpages is not increasing , earlier it was 17 and after 1 month its still 17 , under my sitemap it shows 34 pages submitted and only 17 indexed. Also i couldn’t find that crawl rate option to make google crawl faster, normal or slower . By Toby Balsiger on 28 October, 2016 Getting rid of too many urls really helped improve my rankings! By Smitha on 28 October, 2016 Hi, I also noticed nowadays google crawling frequencies has been changed, I think so, because my website didn’t crawling frequently from past 2 months, Also i have used webmaster tools to recrawl but not! Dono why, Hope the above will work. Check out our must read articles about Analytics Twitter Analytics: stats for your tweets Twitter Analytics can help you set up and maintain the right Twitter strategy. We'll explain what can be learned from Twitter Analytics. Read article » Facebook Page Insights explained Facebook Page Insights provides valuable information about the engagement and reach your posts have. Find out more in this post! Read article » Pinterest Analytics: a quick walk-through Want to know everything you can find in Pinterest Analytics? We wrote about your Pinterest profile, audience reports and stats on activity from your site. Read article » Want to learn the basics of SEO? Or how to use Yoast SEO properly? Follow a course on Yoast Academy » Academy SEO blog eBooks Courses Software Dev blog WordPress Plugins Yoast SEO for Drupal SEO blog Analytics eCommerce Content SEO Technical SEO Search news Social Media Usability & Conversion WordPress Review your site Website review Gold SEO review Platinum SEO review Hire team Yoast About us About Yoast Speaking calendar Work at Yoast Media Support Contact © 2003-2016 Yoast BV Yoast is a trademark of Yoast BV Some rights reserved | Privacy policy | Terms of service | Refund policy Yoast is proud to be hosted by WP Engine Buy News SEO Price includes one year updates & support. How many sites will you use News SEO on? Single Site  –  $ 69 € 69 Up to 5 Sites  –  $ 129 € 129 Up to 20 Sites  –  $ 249 € 249 Up to 50 Sites  –  $ 499 € 499 Up to 100 Sites  –  $ 799 € 799 I want to pay in USD ($)EUR (€) Add to cart »
Hide this Days left until Entrepreneur 360™ Long Beach - Limited Seating Available Register Now Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise E360 Event Subscribe 18 min read Marketing Bootcamp 21 Ways to Market Your Business Online There are billions of customers out there, and nearly as many ways to get them interested. Image credit: Alys Tomlinson | Getty Images R.L. Adams Contributor Entrepreneur, software engineer, author, blogger and founder of WanderlustWorker.com Marketing Bootcamp 9 Ways to Polish Your Instagram Account and Take Marketing to a Whole New Level Lesya Liu Marketing Bootcamp Does Your Small Business Really Need a Marketing Plan? Jim Higgins Marketing Bootcamp 4 Ways You're Undermining Your SEO Efforts Ayodeji Onibalusi ON-DEMAND EVENT STRATEGIES TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS Watch Now October 26, 2016 Reader Resource LAST CHANCE—join us live at the Entrepreneur 360™ Conference in Long Beach, Calif. on Nov. 16. Use code SAVE100 for a special rate » Our nascent fascination with search stems back to the internet's earliest days when algorithms didn't reign supreme. Back then, it was far simpler to be found on the web. It didn't require all of the technical know-how, breadth and awareness of hundreds of ranking factors in order to be discovered relevantly in an online search.  No, back then it was far simpler. However, today, with the evolution of Google's core search algorithms, and in the wake of major adjustments that have gone by names like Panda, Penguin and Hummingbird, being found on the web has become likened to obtaining a doctoral degree in physics or mathematics.  As entrepreneurs, we all know that the best way to market any business online is to be found organically through a search at the top of Google's search engine results pages (SERPs). It's free and offers near-limitless traffic to those who can master this highly-convoluted field of online search. But doing that has also become a monumental undertaking.  Related: The Difference Between External and Internal Links On the other end of the spectrum, many of us are online-searching sleuths. We're professionals, able to gracefully surf the world's annals of information effortlessly and with ease. We can tap into the vast knowledge available at a moment's notice from powerful, blazing-fast pocket computers, on cue and at any time. Yes, we most certainly know how to conduct a search.  However, as a business owner or professional, you know quite well that this isn't the case for being found. Appearing relevantly for highly-competitive keywords has become an ever-increasingly difficult task. But how else are we supposed to market our businesses online if we can't appear competitively on Google's SERPs? And how is that some people seem to dominate Google's searches while others seem to falter and fail?  Clearly, it's not easy. That might also be the reason why the world's foremost SEO specialists can command thousands of dollars per hour to analyze, tweak and optimize sites for specific keywords. Surely, this is no small feat. What people don't realize is that there are fundamentals building blocks in place that make it difficult to make considerable traction over a period of weeks or even months.  Translation? Anyone who's interested in dominating search must know that it takes years and years to build up the type of link profile, authority and content to rank almost effortlessly for specific keywords. The truth of the matter? You need to do the most amount of work for the least initial return if you're serious about gaining any traction with organic marketing online.  The problem? We're the product of an instant-gratification society. We want things, and we want them now. This is partially born from our genetic makeup, but further fostered by media and societal norms that highlight the hedonistic pleasures associated with enjoying life's most primal urges to eat, earn and procreate.  Yet, in order to succeed in business or in life, you need to do the most amount of work for the least initial return, not the other way around. You need to endure the pain if you want to experience the pleasure. And when it comes down to marketing your business, you'll most certainly experience tremendous amounts of pain if you don't know what you're doing.  How do you market your business online?  What does it take to market your business online? Without waiting years and years to move up the rankings on Google's SERPs, how can an entrepreneur get the proverbial word out? There are definitely some ways to market your business that will offer a better return on the investment of your time than others. Some will take weeks to pan out; while others will take months and years.  No matter what method you choose for marketing your business on the web, as long as you ensure that you're adding value along the way, and you're implementing the proper set of marketing habits, you'll eventually reap the rewards of your work over time. It won't happen overnight. But then again, nothing worthwhile ever does. Below you'll find some the best methods -- in both the short and long term -- for driving that all-important traffic to your site and pages online.  1. Create a blog and post high-quality content regularly. Clearly, the most important way you can market your business online is to build a blog where you can post and share high-quality content that adds an exceeding high amount of value on a regular basis. This is definitely a very long-term strategy, and it won't pay off overnight, but every entrepreneur needs to understand the importance of embracing this online marketing method.  Not only does building a noteworthy blog in any industry or niche help to drive traffic by peaking the interest of Google, but it also leads to creating authority. If you can become an authority in your industry, you'll garner the attention of consumers, the media and business owners alike. That, in turn, will snowball, build more authority, and eventually, enormous amounts of visibility and sales.  2. Market your content on Medium and Quora.  If you're looking to get some early traffic, and you have a fairly new domain -- less than 2 years old with little authority built up -- you should work on marketing your content on sites like Medium and Quora. How does it work? Write one high-quality piece of content on your website. Make sure it's keyword-centric, insightful, unique and adds a lot of value. Ensure that whatever you're talking about helps people in some way, shape or form.  Once you've done that, write another article on a site like Medium or Quora, also making sure that it's keyword-centric, insightful, unique and adds a lot of value. Create one link from that article using a primary or relevant keyword back to the main article on your site or blog. This is called content marketing, and it's the most powerful method for gaining traction on Google's SERPs, while also reaching large existing audiences through these authority sites as well.   3. Connect with others on LinkedIn groups. LinkedIn groups are a great way for quickly connecting with others in your industry or niche to help spread your message. You can promote your content through LinkedIn groups as long as you don't come across as spammy. It's best to add value to a conversation or discussion before trying to drop your links.  LInkedIn groups are also a great way of contacting people who you might not have mutual connections with. You can message any other member in the group without being connected, which can become a huge asset depending on the particular circumstances. Share updates often in the group, and be sure to stay in the spotlight without oversharing.  4. Use Facebook ads and strategically-targeted landing pages. Facebook ads, while not free, offer a great opportunity for reaching the right demographics for your business. As long as you know your customer well, you can use metrics like interests, geographic location, marital status, age and many others, to locate potential consumers to send to strategically-targeted landing pages, also known as squeeze pages.  Experiment with micro-spends to see which ad copy and squeeze page receives the best responses for dropping consumers into your sales funnel. It might take a considerable amount of time to find the right mixture or recipe when it comes to advertising on a platform like Facebook, but once your campaign is profitable, all you need to do is continue to scale.  5. Leverage the power of Instagram influencers. Today, with the ever-pervading power of social media, you can instantly reach droves of people from across the world at a moment's notice. But we also know that algorithms and visibility are working against us, especially when we don't have the reach of hundreds of thousands or millions of followers.  To reach those people, we need amplifiers, power users and influencers to help spread our messages. While this won't be free, it will give you instant access to a wide audience in your specific niche as long as you select the right Instagram influencer to help spread your message.  Related: 10 Online Marketers to Follow For Inspiration and Growth 6. Create useful video tutorials on YouTube. YouTube offers a great resource for marketing your business on the web. While you might find some friction at the outset for building your audience, if you focus on creating useful video tutorials, eventually, you'll reach a vast amount of people. Again, you have to focus on adding value without much concern for generating profit.  YouTube is a great resource for tutorials because you can teach people just about anything in an easy-to-understand format. Whether you're screen-sharing to teach a digital skill, or you're capturing something in the real world, just ensure that the quality of the recording and the overall content is high. Also, be sure to drop a link inside the description back to relevant content on your site.  7. Develop a relationship with your customers through email marketing. Email marketing is something that every business owner should be engaged in, but it's no easy feat. To succeed with email marketing, you need to give something away for free in exchange for the consumer's email address. It needs to be something of value. If you are serious about collecting emails, take the time to create a free report or ebook that will help people in your industry or niche. Then, develop a relationship with that consumer through drip-fed campaigns using a system like Aweber, Get Response, Constant Contact or Mailchimp. However, don't try to sell at every corner and turn. Connect first, then focus on selling.  8. Use Angie’s List or TripAdvisor. Sites like Angie's List and TripAdvisor offer an avenue for just about any business to reach an enormous audience of potential consumers. These sites are a great resource for finding any local business, giving you the opportunity to have consumers leave reviews based on their experiences with your company.  If you're selling services, try Angie's List. If you're in a travel-related field, why not list on TripAdvisor? Not only are these links good for SEO, but you'll also gain access to a large audience of consumers that are looking for products or services in your industry or niche. Take the time to create a good listing, and drive customers there to post authentic reviews based on their experiences with you.  9. Build consumer trust on platforms like Yelp and Trust Pilot.  One of the barriers holding back business owners and professionals alike is that of trust. People are reluctant to trust businesses that they don't have direct knowledge of or know someone who's worked with them. Clearly, sites like Yelp can assist with that, but so can a site like Trust Pilot.  Trust Pilot and Yelp are specifically dedicated to helping consumers find the right company to work with, and it increases transparency by providing past customers' experiences with the company. These sites are the largest in the world for online reviews and should be leveraged to help build trust with potential consumers.  10. Utilize rich snippets, AMP and FBIA. If you're looking to gain a bit of traction with your content, you can utilize rich snippets, Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) or Facebook Instant Articles (FBIA) to aid in some early exposure. Rich snippets apply to a number of content forms including articles via the AMP specification, local businesses, music, recipes, reviews, TV, movies and videos.  There are Wordpress plugins you can use for rich snippets via Schema.org's specifications, along with plugins for both AMP and FBIA. Considering the recent focus on mobile by Google and Facebook, for example, having AMP and FBIA articles will give you a small advantage over those who don't, increasing your visibility on SERPs and in newsfeeds.   11. Collaborate with popular bloggers in your niche. Reaching out to to popular bloggers in your niche might be an effective way to market your business online, especially if you have something of value to add to one of their posts. If you find a popular blogger who often writes about a particular subject that directly correlates to your line of work, why not reach out and look for ways to collaborate?  A great way to make this happen is to offer your services as a guest blogger. Clearly, you'll have to have a good background in writing yourself, and it might be difficult to find a popular blog willing to allow you to do this, but it would be worth a shot if you eventually secure a guest post.  12. Regularly contribute on industry-specific forums. Many people have the whole forum-strategy posting for SEO all wrong. They get out there and drop spammy links, and they wonder why they're booted off the forums. You can't do that. If you're serious about marketing your business online, when you do find an industry-specific forum, join conversations and add value before you try to link-drop.  No one likes a person who comes in as a new guest to a forum and begins spamming links. Again, you have to think about doing the most amount of work for the least initial return. Add value. Chat with others. Make suggestions. Answer questions. Just don't spam links. Add your link to your signature after a few posts or after the rules of the forum allow you to do so, but don't try to direct people to your site at every bend and turn. It won't work out well for you if you do that.  13. Offer a free product or service to customers. Studies have confirmed that people are more likely to accept something for free than they are to pay a nominal price for it. So, why not provide a free service or product to your customers? Maybe you offer a free 15-minute consultation or an entry-level product that you want to give away.  Whatever you offer, be sure to secure the customer's contact details so you can get in touch with them later. If you're giving away a service for free, you have an opportunity right then to upsell those customers to your paid services. People are more likely to feel like they owe you when they accept something for free as well.  14. Use business listing sites like Yahoo Local and Google Local. If you're running a local business and looking to attract nearby customers to a brick-and-mortar location or offering some professional service that's geographically-specific, you should list your business on local business listing sites such as Yahoo Local and Google Local.  Google Local is an especially powerful way to list and verify your business information, providing public details such as your company's address for Google Maps appearances, store hours and other information related to your business. Ensure that you keep this information accurate and up-to-date.  15. Optimize your website for SEO. Clearly, optimization of your site for relevant keywords is an important aspect of marketing your business online. However, the one thing to keep in mind is that if your business is new -- less than two years old -- and you've built very little authority or content, you're going to have a hard time ranking at the top of Google's SERPs for any keyword that's marginally competitive.  The goal is to build excellent content, but also ensure that you optimize your site's On-Page and Off-Page SEO. While this can become a very lengthy discussion, pay attention to things like your site's speed, mobile usability, meta descriptions, link profile, reading level, citing of sources, content quality, insightfulness and so on. This is more likened to a marathon than a sprint, so don't get discouraged in the short term if you don't see enormous results.  16. Co-sponsor an award or giveaway in a contest. Find something that you can give away and co-sponsor an award or contest with another company, group or professional in your field. Use tools like LinkedIn and Facebook to network with others, and locate another like-minded company or professional willing to conduct an award or giveaway with you. The whole point here is to again add value in the public eye.  17. Give a talk at a professional conference or on a webinar. If you're an authority in your field, why not give a talk at a professional conference or webinar? Of course, TED Talks would be the first suggestion for professional conferences, but you could speak at a number of other kinds of conferences or even webinars conducted online.  When it comes to online marketing, webinars are one of the most powerful tools for selling nearly anything to a highly-engaged audience. And the larger that audience, the more likely you'll be able to sell your products or services. Long term, this would most certainly give you exposure and allow you to build more authority over time, and it's an excellent portfolio piece or resume item that can be used as well, especially in the case of professional speaking engagements.  Related: Why You're Not (Yet) a Great Public Speaker (and 5 Things You Can Do About It) 18. Use press releases to communicate important company news or events. Press releases aren't going to get you immediate media coverage. While some media professionals will use outlets such as Help a Reporter, or even scour press release sites such as PR Web, you're likely not going to get any type of instant news coverage by putting out a press release.  However, a press release that's well-written and has a healthy link profile can assist you marginally with SEO, but it can also allow you to communicate important company news or events that you can then use to actively pursue media outlets with through the proper PR channels.  19. Create a branded email signature. One of the simplest ways that you can market your business online is by using a branded email signature. Place your links and any potential accolades your company might have received directly into your email signature. This helps to passively promote your business to people that you're in contact with on a daily basis.  You should include social media links in your email signature too, along with any relevant links to important company marketing pieces -- digital brochures or news pieces that feature your company. Drop a small tagline or one-sentence catchphrase about your business and its mission as well.  20. Implement the 80-20 rule to identify and market to high-value clients. The 80-20 rule, or the Pareto Principle, states that 80 percent of the results come from 20 percent of the efforts. Basically, it's only a small portion of what we do that actually produces results. However, this also applies to sales, which states that 80 percent of your revenue comes from 20 percent of your clients.  If you can identify which clients are generating the most income for your business, you can scale your sales out by sending them additional offers and discounts for other services and products. You can also gear your online marketing directly to these clients if they're using a portal system to login or if they're being tracked by cookies.  21. Post photos and videos with relevant hashtags on Pinterest, Flickr, Tumblr and Instagram. There are a number of high-domain authority sites that you can post photos and videos on to build a following. Pintrest, Flickr, Tumblr and Instagram come to mind first. Use relevant hashtags and descriptions to properly categorize what you're posting about, and follow others in your industry or niche posting with those hashtags.  This isn't an online marketing technique that will get you instant sales or even instant traffic. It'll take time. But as long as you're adding value and you're passionate about what you're doing, you'll build that following up over the coming months and years. Be sure to comment, like and engage with other people's posts as much as possible in order to get yourself out there in the beginning. R.L. Adams Robert Adams is a writer, blogger, serial entrepreneur, software engineer, and best-selling author of dozens of technology, SEO, online marketing and self-development boo... Read more Social Media Growth Strategies Online Marketing Email Marketing SEO Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Entrepreneur 360™ Conference Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Editions United States Middle East India Español Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Entrepreneur Lending Entrepreneur Coaching Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2016 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds...
Google Fiber: Expansion plans on hold but Louisville still in th - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Kaiser Video Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Facebook Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Google Fiber: Expansion plans on hold but Louisville still in the works Posted: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 3:39 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 3:51 PM EDT SAN FRANCISCO (AP/WDRB) -- Google's parent company is halting operations and laying off staff in a number of cities where it once hoped to bring high-speed internet access by installing new fiber-optic networks. The company also announced that Craig Barratt, a veteran tech executive who led the ambitious - and expensive - Google Fiber program, is stepping down as CEO of Access, the division of Google corporate parent, Alphabet Inc., that operates the 5-year-old program. In a statement, Barratt said Google Fiber will continue to provide service in a handful of cities where it's already operating, including Atlanta; Austin, Texas; and Charlotte, North Carolina. Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer said on Twitter Tuesday night that this announcement does not impact Louisville. Statement tonight from @googlefiber pic.twitter.com/K44MwYhZJ5— Mayor Greg Fischer (@louisvillemayor) October 26, 2016 But it will put further plans on hold in metropolitan areas where it's been holding exploratory talks with local officials. Those include Dallas; Tampa and Jacksonville, Florida; Los Angeles; Oklahoma City; Phoenix; Portland, Oregon; and San Jose, California. Barratt didn't say how many jobs will be cut. His statement described the Access business as "solid," but said it would make "changes to focus our business and product strategy" and incorporate new technology. A recent report by tech news site The Information said the business was under pressure by Alphabet CEO Larry Page to cut costs after failing to meet financial goals, including a target of signing up 5 million subscribers. Barratt said he'll continue to serve as an adviser to Page. Related stories:  Report: Google Fiber rethinking expansion plans in Louisville and other cities AT&T installing Internet fiber throughout Louisville Correction: An earlier version of this story contained a headline that inaccurately said Google had halted its expansion plans for Louisville. Copyright 2016 WDRB News and Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters I'm a Celebrity Gossip, pics and video from the jungle Got a story, picture or video to share? Quizzes Videos Most read News Sections Latest News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health Top News Plush Mayfair mansion of late fashion designer Alexander McQueen goes on sale for a cool £8.5 MILLION Most Read in News Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election New Zealand earthquake: Live updates as two more earthquakes hit South Island in aftermath of deadly quake Supermoon 2016: Live updates as the most spectacular full moon in nearly 70 YEARS happens around the world Here's why Donald Trump's first meeting with Barack Obama overran by an hour Is your M&S closing? List of clothing and home stores that could be shut has been released Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Edward Snowden Steve Rowe Popular this week US Election Hillary Rodham Clinton Donald Trump Weather Remembrance Day Politics Football Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Top Sport No 1, no worries! Murray cruises to straight sets victory over Cilic for perfect start to ATP World Tour Finals bid to finish year on top of the world Most Read in Sport Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge ready to spark January transfer tug-of-war with Anfield exit "Football doesn't belong to you" - San Marino hit back at "bully" Thomas Muller's claim that playing against them is pointless UFC 205 LIVE Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez with stunning second round TKO to win title Transfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool latest as Premier League clubs prepare for January Will Liverpool be top at Christmas? How upcoming fixtures compare to Premier League title rivals 5 players Manchester United could let go in January as Jose Mourinho gets set to reshape his squad Popular this week Conor McGregor UFC 205 Lewis Hamilton Jose Mourinho Trending Today Conor McGregor Eddie Alvarez Cristiano Ronaldo Lionel Messi Arsene Wenger Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb News Top Celebs She's back! Kim Kardashian releases pics from her family Halloween party dressed as a belly dancer Most Read in Celebs Who is Joel Dommett? All you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Watch Sainsbury's Christmas advert 2016 as James Corden makes surprise chart bid for festive Number 1 Who is Wayne Bridge? Everything you need to know about the I'm A Celebrity 2016 contestant Charlotte Church and Piers Morgan reignite their feud after she brands him a "f****** t***" Trending Today Donald Trump James Corden Taylor Swift Ola Jordan Joel Dommett Popular this week Michael Buble Leonard Cohen Cheryl Fernandez-Versini Honey G TV & Film Weird News Trending US Election Clinton Trump Weather Remembrance Benefit cap Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Home News Weird News Religion Your Account Edit Profile Logout Memes are now more popular than Jesus – here is the proof 14:09, 26 Oct 2016 Updated 08:28, 27 Oct 2016 By Joshua Barrie Memes became more popular than Jesus just after his 2014th birthday   Share   Comments Get daily news by email Getty Jesus Christ is not a meme Memes are now more popular than Jesus. As Google Trends clearly shows, the search term 'memes' now ranks higher than 'Jesus' – who many believe to be the son of God. The fact was noticed by Dominik Vincent Salonen, AKA @Kuwaddo. Having searched Google Trends myself, it appears the point in which memes became more popular than Jesus was just after his 2014th birthday. Memes vs Jesus – Google Trends Google Trends Between the dates of December 21-27 in 2014, memes overtook the respected Christian figure. Jesus might be cross. Mirror Online has reached out to Jesus for comment. After December 27 2014, memes became more popular than Jesus on Google. As you probably already know, memes are images/text shared on social media – the best of which often go viral. They're usually ironic, topical, or ridiculous. Or all three. Famous memes include 'troll face', hate figure 'Pepe the Frog', and 'Grumpy Cat' – who, like Jesus, also has his own book. We don't think that Grumpy Cat has more followers than Jesus, however. A recent example of a widespread meme... when u realize that u love spending time by yourself because you are a complete & interesting person on ur own pic.twitter.com/jVBlZ1sBuF— milka (@ariesjpeg) August 9, 2016 Memes are often derogatory or un-PC, but in 2016 a penchant for 'wholesome memes' has taken off. pic.twitter.com/3K2QppdQYU— Wholesome Memes (@WholesomeMeme) August 9, 2016 Read More Sculptor offers to restore statue of baby Jesus - botched result looks anything but 'holy' DailyMirror Comments Show more comments Recently Published When is Diwali 2016? Dates and information about the celebration of the Hindu festival of Lights We've got all the facts you need to know for celebrating Diwali, the annual festival celebrated by millions around the world Sickening beating of sobbing young Buddhist monk caught on camera in vile temple video Happy Diwali 2016! Activities, greetings and UK firework events to celebrate the Hindu festival Previous Articles Tom Cruise hails Scientology as "beautiful" in rare interview about religion He bigged-up the movement at the UK premiere of Jack Reacher 2: Never Go Back Syrian nun finds a rocket launched at her convent embedded in the ground as Aleppo attacks continue from all sides Related Tags Organisations Google Religion See Also Funny ha ha viral Recommended in Weird News Ministry of Defence Britain's £6billion new aircraft carriers 'at risk' because of Tory government defence spending cuts Dangerous driving Drivers still risking lives by using mobile phones while driving - despite huge crackdown Brexit Labour warns Chancellor not to use Brexit as an excuse to make more cuts World War I Unseen Lawrence of Arabia letter expected to sell for huge amount almost 100 years after it was written Facebook Should you post pictures of your kids on Facebook? Two Mirror mums do battle Extradition Amber Rudd authorises extradition of Asperger's syndrome Brit accused of hacking US Army and FBI Crime Man knifed to death at kickboxing gym run by Idris Elba's TV show trainer Tigers Mum charged with endangering 14-year-old daughter after letting TIGERS roam free in their home Bedfordshire Police First picture of young dad shot dead by police in Luton after reports of 'woman assaulted in home' Alexander McQueen Plush Mayfair mansion of late fashion designer Alexander McQueen goes on sale for a cool £8.5 MILLION Most Read in News Donald Trump Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election New Zealand earthquake New Zealand earthquake: Live updates as two more earthquakes hit South Island in aftermath of deadly quake Supermoon Supermoon 2016: Live updates as the most spectacular full moon in nearly 70 YEARS happens around the world Donald Trump Here's why Donald Trump's first meeting with Barack Obama overran by an hour Cheshire Police Mum found dead in suspected suicide two weeks after son aged 8 died in house fire Recommended on the Mirror Which? Revealed: The mobile software updates that are sapping your storage and destroying your battery life Ministry of Defence Britain's £6billion new aircraft carriers 'at risk' because of Tory government defence spending cuts Like us on Facebook The Mirror   View: Desktop Mobile BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business Find a garage About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror News UK News Politics World news Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Technology Play Bingo Casino Crosswords Competitions Dating Goal Time Poker UsVsTh3m Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Tennis Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Golf Horse racing Other Sports Fantasy Football TV TV News TV Previews TV Reviews Celebs Celebrity News US gossip Fashion & Beauty TV & film news Weird celeb news Money City News Personal finance Jobs Quids In Loans Opinion News Opinion Sport Opinion 3am Opinion Lifestyle Opinion Lifestyle Health Horoscopes Psychic Staying in Going out Reader Offers Sex & Relationships Dieting Cartoons Family Gardening Travel Motoring © MGN Limited
ORIGINALS Exclusive interviews, news and more Blue Sky Innovation Blue Sky Originals Google Fiber pauses wired internet expansion, eyes wireless in Chicago Google Fiber pullout Getty Images; Keri Wiginton, Blue Sky Google Fiber is pausing plans to expand its wired internet service to Chicago, but is still considering bringing wireless internet. Google Fiber is pausing plans to expand its wired internet service to Chicago, but is still considering bringing wireless internet. (Getty Images; Keri Wiginton, Blue Sky) Amina ElahiContact ReporterBlue Sky Innovation Privacy Policy Google Fiber is pausing the planned rollout of its superfast wired internet, it announced Tuesday. In Chicago, one of the potential cities, the focus will instead likely be on a wireless service, a spokesperson said.  Google first floated the possibility of bringing its high-speed internet, which offers download speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second, to Chicago in December 2015. "We’re ever grateful to these cities for their ongoing partnership and patience, and we’re confident we’ll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we’ve advanced our technologies and solutions," Craig Barratt, who stepped down as the head of Google Fiber Tuesday, wrote in a blog post explaining the changes. The Google Fiber intiative is part of Access, one of the subsidiaries of Google parent company Alphabet. Barratt, who had been CEO of Access since 2013, announced his departure in the blog post. He wrote he would stay on as an advisor at the request of Google co-founder and Alphabet CEO Larry Page. Barratt wrote that Access' business is "solid," but that it is making changes to its product and business strategy that include "new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today." With those changes, Access will reduce its staff, Barratt wrote. The cuts will be about 9 percent, or more than 130 jobs out of 1,500, Bloomberg reported.  In Chicago, the future of Google-supplied internet access is likely to be wireless, a spokesperson said. Executives may see wireless as a cheaper option to expand what has until now been a capital-heavy endeavor, reports say.  Google Fiber job listing doesn't mean Chicago is getting the service Amina Elahi Google is hiring a city manager to oversee its Fiber business in Chicago — but that doesn't mean the high-speed Internet service is definitely coming here. "We haven't made a final decision about bringing Google Fiber to Chicago," a Google spokeswoman told Blue Sky Innovation by email. "When we... Google is hiring a city manager to oversee its Fiber business in Chicago — but that doesn't mean the high-speed Internet service is definitely coming here. "We haven't made a final decision about bringing Google Fiber to Chicago," a Google spokeswoman told Blue Sky Innovation by email. "When we... (Amina Elahi) Google Fiber is currently available in Kansas City, Mo.; Austin, Texas; Provo, Utah and other markets. For now, residential and commercial customers in Chicago have access to Webpass, a wireless internet service provider acquired by Google Fiber earlier this month. Wepbass is also available in Boston, Miami, Oakland, San Diego and San Francisco. "In Chicago, Google Fiber and Webpass will work together to extend and accelerate deployments via point-to-point wireless. This is great news for residents who can’t wait to get Internet speeds up to a Gigabit, even sooner," a Google Fiber spokesperson wrote in an emailed statement. Chicago customers can also turn to other providers for gigabit-speed internet. Comcast launched its superfast service here in August, while AT&T brought its GigaPower service in 2015. aelahi@tribpub.com Twitter @aminamania Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Comcast Corporation Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 56°
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's parent company keeps losing its top executives Steve Kovach Oct. 26, 2016, 9:13 AM 14,618 facebook linkedin twitter email print Former Nest CEO Tony Fadell.Kimberly White / Getty There's been a mini exodus of sorts among executives at Google's parent company, Alphabet. Alphabet, which formed last year as a conglomerate of separate companies, is designed to help the company find the next big thing outside of Google's core advertising and search businesses. But within a year of Alphabet's formation, there have been several shake-ups and departures at the top of these divisions, especially since this summer. The challenge for these companies and their leaders is to prove to Alphabet's CEO, Larry Page, and CFO, Ruth Porat, that they can turn into growing businesses. While Alphabet doesn't report financials for these "other bets," the recent departures are our best hint that some divisions have struggled or their leaders aren't thrilled with the new pressure now that they're no longer hiding under Google's umbrella. Here's a breakdown of the most important Alphabet executive departures so far this year: Tony Fadell, Nest The highest-profile departure was Tony Fadell, the former Apple executive and CEO of Nest, Alphabet's smart home appliance company that makes connected thermostats and cameras. Fadell stepped down as Nest's CEO in June following reports of inner turmoil in the company and a damning blog post by Greg Duffy, the former head of Nest's camera business. Fadell gave a particularly rough interview to The Information before his departure in which he tersely defended his management style. He was out shortly after that. Fadell is still an adviser at Nest. Bill Maris, GV Bill Maris.Getty / Noam Galai Bill Maris was the head of GV, formerly known as Google Ventures, an Alphabet company that invests in early-stage startups. Maris founded GV in 2009 and left in August after some other members of his team left the company. Craig Barratt, Google Fiber Craig Barratt was the CEO of Google Fiber, the internet service provider that offered super-high-speed broadband in select cities. Barratt stepped down as CEO on Wednesday and announced the company had stopped plans to expand its service to more cities. Instead, it will focus on new ways to deliver internet through wireless technologies. Barratt is now an adviser at Google Fiber. Dave Vos, Project Wing Dave Vos was the head of Project Wing, a division of X, Alphabet's "moonshot" lab that works on a bunch of crazy, futuristic projects. Project Wing experimented with delivery drones and even ran a pilot program to deliver Chipotle burritos to students at Virginia Tech. Vos stepped down from Project Wing earlier this month. Chris Urmson, self-driving cars Chris Urmson.Medium / Chris Urmson Chris Urmson, the tech lead for X's self-driving car project, left the company in August. He had worked on the project for seven years. Do you know anything about what's happening at Alphabet? Shoot me a note at skovach@businessinsider.com. I'm discreet! SEE ALSO: How Google embarrassed Apple NOW WATCH: We got our hands on the Home — Google’s answer to the Amazon Echo Loading video... More: Alphabet Nest Tony Fadell Google Fiber GV X Project Wing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's parent company keeps losing its top executives Google's parent company keeps losing its top executives There's been a mini exodus of sorts among... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade Irish Government appeals against €13bn EU ruling Twitter shuffles deck as COO Adam Bain walks, Anthony Noto takes role The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Robots are primed to change industry… any day now Netflix customers: Watch out for the latest scam Facebook’s data-sharing WhatsApp plan suffers fresh blow Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Virgin sends a fibre broadband boost to 2,000 homes in Tullamore Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize CurrencyFair raises €8m and bulks up leadership team Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Hate queueing for petrol? There’s an app for that ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain CoderWomen: How to help adults catch up with the kids Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? We’re now reinventing capitalism with something called Peers Inc Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons Cybersecurity player Integrity360 to create 150 jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT MACHINES Will current AI be illegal in the EU in 2018? by Colm Gorey 26 Oct 201660 Shares Series of colourful algorithms on a screen. Image: McIek/Shutterstock Silicon Valley and the EU have never really seen eye to eye, but a recent regulation – that means citizens have the right to demand an explanation to an algorithmic decision by 2018 – could drive the two to legal war. You only have to look to see how often many of the largest tech companies – but particularly Google – find themselves in front of EU courts, over their applications and how the average user interacts with them. Its search results wield enormous power and leverage online, not only in terms of what content appears on the first page of search results, but also with incredibly lucrative e-commerce business. This is where it has previously been accused of favouring its own products. What the vast majority of Google users do not realise – or any user of a search engine for that matter – is that their results are defined by months or even years of harvested data. Every search result, every click is analysed by an AI algorithm to decide what it wants to show you. Protecting data of EU citizens So if we are presented with manufactured search results that might not reflect reality, do we not have the right to be told what algorithms are deciding what we are seeing, and why they are deciding it? This was the conclusion drawn by the European Parliament back in April of this year, as it adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to replace the older, less specific 1995 directive. With estimates of nearly 2.5 exabytes of data generated every day on the planet, the EU quite rightly realised that it would need to have much greater definitions for a citizen’s right to data protection. The purpose of the new regulation is to ensure that companies in Silicon Valley – or any others based outside the EU – can be held accountable for any data privacy issues regarding information it collects from EU citizens. Asking an algorithm to explain itself One interesting requirement inserted into the GDPR, regarding the world of AI, certainly caught the attention of computer scientists working in the field. In describing the context of the rule, a recent research paper outlined how it would restrict companies that use predictive algorithms that “significantly affect” users, with EU citizens having the right to understand why an algorithm has made such a choice. After all, aside from accusations of bias made by Google’s algorithms on search results, Facebook’s news feed is based on an algorithm that curates information it thinks we are likely to favour over other content. Therefore, if AI algorithms and data management are kept as they are in two years’ time, Silicon Valley and other global tech hubs are facing the reality that AI could soon be ‘illegal’. Rather than being viewed as a negative, many computer scientists are revelling in the details of the GDPR as a major boon to their field. Creates some good problems for computer scientists One such computer scientist is Prof Barry O’Sullivan, deputy president of the European Association for Artificial Intelligence (EAAI), who spoke to Siliconrepublic.com. While he admits that it will provide enormous challenges on many fronts, including technical, ethical, legal, and commercial; the end result of receiving an algorithmic explanation will be better for the average citizen. “It creates several problems, but as an academic and a researcher, the GDPR creates problems that are very good ones to have,” he said. “I’ve done work on explanation in AI, on and off, for over a decade … and [this] regulation gets to the heart of the issues around data collection; profiling of people through the data they generate on social networks, communications systems, and their online presence. These are important issues.” So what will an explained algorithm look like? Will it just become another ‘cookies’ button that users click and move on without even reading? More than just a cookie O’Sullivan sees it as going “far beyond” just a dialogue box to be clicked away on a website. “[EU web users] are not told what the consequences of accepting a cookie might be, how that data will be used to make decisions about them, which adverts will they see in the future, and what profiling is being done about them. “Just being told that the AI system has a complex mathematical model that ‘just says so’ won’t cut it! “The GDPR will give users the power to ask about the data and the reasoning that goes behind an algorithmic decision that impacts them. That’s a good thing,” O’Sullivan said. Prof Barry O’Sullivan, deputy president of the EAAI. Image: Tomas Tyner/UCC But are we taking all parties into consideration here when we discuss having explainable AI? What about the AI itself? In the research paper cited earlier, written by Bryce Goodman and Seth Flaxman, there exists the philosophical question that if AI has to explain its decisions for collecting and curating data, is it really an AI at all? Can it not be allowed to think for itself and draw its own conclusions? According to O’Sullivan, AI should not be allowed to be a data-harvesting monster guiding your each and every whim online. True hallmark of intelligence is ability to explain “For me, the true hallmark of intelligence is the ability to explain,” he said. “There are lots of tasks that can be automated by a technology that can do the job very well, but it doesn’t really understand what it’s doing, or doesn’t understand why it did something in a particular setting.” It is also crucial that we prevent bias and hold an AI’s methods to account, as an AI designed with bias will only release bias. That’s where the GDPR steps in. This doesn’t necessarily mean that tech companies like Google and Facebook set out to push biased algorithms intentionally, but the clock is ticking fast for them to have an explainable algorithm in place for the May 2018 deadline. To make matters more challenging, many of the latest AI advancements have been in deep learning that is not geared towards explaining its decision, unlike others previously developed. Research funding has been increasing in the explainable algorithm field however, with DARPA in the US being one research centre looking into how to create such a platform that presents a “major challenge”, according to O’Sullivan. With less than two years to go before GDPR becomes law in the 28 EU member states, the world’s tech superpowers will need to act fast to prevent a future ‘AI-ageddon’. In-Depth: Data Science Week Related: search, data science, EU, AI, Google, Facebook, European Commission, Silicon Valley Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines TSSG’s Barry Downes: ‘Our computer sciences need to embrace VR and AR’ 28 Oct 2016139 Shares Hiring Now One of Europe’s best IT workplaces Work smarter, live better The largest employer in northwest Ireland Be part of a globally successful team Enterprise The five-minute CIO: David Pardoe, Hays 28 Oct 2016119 Shares Careers Developing your data skills will make you more employable 28 Oct 201650 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Zombie machines and the data apocalypse: deliver us from evil 24 Oct 201617 Shares Companies EU wants Google to stop giving companies money for search dominance 3 Oct 20168 Shares Machines Is the goal of democratising AI just a pipe dream? 29 Sep 20166 Shares Latest News Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 2 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 2 days ago In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ 2 days ago In a dark week, we find light in career development 2 days ago Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI 2 days ago Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m 2 days ago Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion 2 days ago I have just graduated. What do I do now? 2 days ago To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential 2 days ago Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? 2 days ago India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies 2 days ago Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite 2 days ago Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition 2 days ago Design thinking brought to a new level through VR 2 days ago Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder 2 days ago Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade 2 days ago Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease 2 days ago Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase 3 days ago Every job is unique in 3D design and printing 3 days ago What do you need to do to become a super boss? 3 days ago Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas 3 days ago Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund 3 days ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google executives met Indonesian officials to negotiate tax bill - source By Reuters Published: 08:58 EST, 26 October 2016 | Updated: 08:58 EST, 26 October 2016 e-mail By Gayatri Suroyo and Eveline Danubrata JAKARTA, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Senior executives from the Asia Pacific headquarters of Alphabet Inc's Google met Indonesian tax officials on Wednesday to negotiate the internet search company's tax bill, a person with knowledge of the matter told Reuters. No agreement has been reached yet, said the person, who declined to be named as the information was confidential. A Google spokesman declined to comment. Indonesia plans to pursue Google for five years of back taxes, and the U.S. company could face a bill of more than $400 million for 2015 alone if it is found to have avoided payments, senior tax official Muhammad Haniv told Reuters last month. Google Indonesia has said it continues to cooperate with local authorities and has paid all applicable taxes. Indonesia is eager to ramp up tax collection to reduce its budget deficit and fund an infrastructure programme. Other governments around the world are also seeking to clamp down on corporate tax avoidance. Thailand is studying plans to toughen tax collection rules for internet and technology firms, the head of the Revenue Department told Reuters last month. Ken Dwijugiasteadi, Indonesia's director-general of taxes, declined to comment on whether the meeting with Google took place on Wednesday, but told Reuters in a text message: "When the time is right, we will hold a press conference." The tax office alleges that Google's local entity, PT Google Indonesia, paid less than 0.1 percent of the total income and value-added taxes it owed last year, with most of the revenue from the country being booked at Google's Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. The Indonesian tax office has estimated the total advertising revenue for the industry in Indonesia at around $830 million a year, with Google and Facebook Inc accounting for around 70 percent of that. But a joint study by Google and Singapore state investor Temasek released earlier this year estimated this at $300 million for 2015. (Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo and Eveline Danubrata in JAKARTA; Additional reporting by Hidayat Setiaji; Editing by Bill Tarrant and Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Industry Tech Facebook says users can’t stop it from using biometric data Facebook says users can’t stop it from using biometric data Facebook Inc.’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. By: Bloomberg | Published: October 26, 2016 6:31 PM While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. (Reuters) Facebook Inc.’s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn’t asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google hasn’t responded to requests for comment. Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users’ personal information from e-mails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed. This year, the US Supreme Court set a “concrete injury” standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing Thursday in San Francisco over Facebook’s bid to dismiss the biometrics case. Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can’t apply outside the state under the Constitution’s interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn’t regulate photos. For more on the Illinois biometrics law, click here. Facebook encourages users to “tag” people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. While those types of information are mutable — even Social Security numbers can be changed — biometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. “Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people,” such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, who isn’t involved in the case. Facebook has “cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database,” he said. And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans — including mothers. Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. While most of the earlier privacy lawsuits relied on federal wiretap laws, the facial recognition cases hinge on the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. The Illinois residents who sued under the 2008 law say it gives them a “property interest” in the algorithms that constitute their digital identities — in other words, that gives them grounds to accuse Facebook of real harm. Facebook got the case moved to San Francisco. “Just as trade secrets or subscriber lists can be proprietary to a company like Facebook, unique and unchangeable biometric identifiers are proprietary to individuals,” according to their complaint. They also claim an “informational injury” because Facebook didn’t get consent to collect their so-called faceprints. Facebook says the lawsuit should be thrown out because the users haven’t suffered a concrete injury such as physical harm, loss of money or property; or even a denial of their right to free speech or religion. The plaintiffs “have offered no specific or coherent allegations explaining how this collection and storage actually affects their privacy — much less causes them concrete harm,” Facebook argued in a court filing. Facebook offered examples that might work, such as if users were identified in an embarrassing photo that cost them their jobs, were victims of identity theft, or were caught in a compromising situation that harmed their relationships. While one person might be able to bring such a case, a group lawsuit would be impossible because it would “create a sea of individualized issues,” Facebook says. Legal experts say it’s unclear which side will benefit from the Supreme Court’s “concrete harm” ruling in a case involving search engine operator Spokeo Inc. “Spokeo is vague about what kinds of injury are concrete enough to count,” said Julie Cohen, a professor at Georgetown University Law Center. “Everybody is scrambling for advantage.” Facebook v. Privacy Law December 2005 — Facebook introduces photo tagging October 2008 — Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act June 2012 — Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com September 2012 — Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 2015-2016 — Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. May 2016 — Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain October 2016 — Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Donald Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office: US President Barack Obama India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi Donald Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Businessman surrenders Rs 6,000 crore following Narendra Modi government's demonetisation policy? Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan meets delegates from all parties ahead of Parliament session Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Dubbing artist Bhagyalakshmi on gangrape victim's petition: Sad there is no response from Chief Minister's office Terror-hit Dhaka bakery returned to property owner Cash on Delivery Business hit by demonetisation, says Snapdeal Apollo Hospitals in expansion mode; to invest Rs 1,400-crore Wife hit by cancer, man accidentally tears only Rs 2000 note he had!  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Pixel demand exceeded Google’s expectations, shipping department is 3 weeks behind +6,022 Joe Fedewa Oct 26th, 2016 The Pixel and Pixel XL started arriving on doorsteps for some people last week, but others received updates about lengthy delays. Best Buy, in particular, sent emails about delays up to 30 days. Google is now also telling buyers that units won’t ship until mid-November due to unexpectedly high demand. A good problem to have for Google, but unfortunate for customers. Many people who ordered from the Google Store still have orders listed as “pre-ordered” or “pending.” Some people even have delivery windows that started this week, but their orders are still pending. 9to5Google reached out to Project Fi for some answers. They were told that the shipping department is running “3 weeks behind.” The new ship date is November 18th, not the late October date that many people still see. It’s easy to read “pre-orders exceeded expectations” and jump to the conclusion that the Pixel is a smashing success, but we’ve heard this story before. Nexus devices have traditionally had the same problems. We don’t know how many units Google had available for purchase. Until we know that number, we can’t make any judgements on sales. local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (17) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Google says Fiber is going so well it’s pausing it Written by Tim Skinner 26 October 2016 @ 12:56 Google has decided that it’s doing so well with fibre that it needs to take a break and give everyone else a chance. That was the picture it tried to paint on its latest blog post – bizarrely entitled “Advancing our amazing bet”. The post was written by – spoiler alert – the now former CEO of Google’s Access division Craig Barratt, who said it’s all been a great journey and it’s doing so well and it’s on a great trajectory… so he’s stepping down. That makes sense, doesn’t it? “…thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we’ve built together in five short years,” wrote Barratt. “Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve — pushing the boundaries of technology, business, and policy — to remain a leader in delivering superfast Internet.” Yup, sounding good. Keep going. “We have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives. It entails us making changes to focus our business and product strategy.” Wait a minute, something doesn’t sound right here… “These changes to our business and technology will have some immediate implications.” Ahhh… this isn’t going to be good. “Some of our efforts will remain unchanged, but others will be impacted.” “For most of our ‘potential Fiber cities’ — those where we’ve been in exploratory discussions — we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches.” And then came the sucker punch we spoiled for you earlier – Barratt’s slinging his hook. Google is already a world leader in many areas and it can now add turd-polishing to that list. Positioning a pause in operations and the departure of its CEO as evidence of how well everything’s going shows a level of gall even Samsung’s comms team must be in awe of. Google must have got through an entire jar of Turdo this time so here’s a replacement. Looks like AT&T’s self-indulgent blog post wasn’t wide of the mark after all. It might have been petty, needless, arrogant and ill-advised; but it wasn’t wrong. Tags: AT&T, Euphemisms, Google Fiber, Turdo Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content AT&T marketing team wins standing ovation for data throttling rebrand FCC points net neutrality finger at AT&T AT&T, Colt and Orange have a virtualization party Making AT&W greater than the sum of its parts won’t be easy Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 4 days ago 2016 Cloud VPN Survey Report Share 02 Nov 2016 2016 Broadband Outlook report Share 18 Oct 2016 Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all Webinar tomorrow! Have you registered? Where are #CSPs with their #digital service provider #transformation? hhttps://t.co/Os8hjRyjT3 14 November 2016 @ 23:01:33 UTC BBWF 2016 - Sue Rudd, Director of Service Provider Analysis at Strategy Analytics https://t.co/782JF8q6Ch #broadband 14 November 2016 @ 18:21:07 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Click for weather forecast Home Tourist in the News News World News Tourism News Things to Do Stories about Chiangrai Golf Chiangrai Chiangrai Tours Accommodation Hotels Guesthouse's Thailand Politics Sports Thai Premier League Olympics Southern Thailand Regional News Northen Thailand Economy & Business Automotive Lifestyles Opinion NGO's Chiangrai Myth's & Legends Joel Barlow's Chiangrai Fishing Chiangrai Expat Life Chiangrai in the Media Chaingrai Farming & Agriculture Art and Artists in Chiangrai Learning Thai Legal Learning Thai with Jen English Tips by Jen Health Science Food Western Food Food Food By Suwannee Featured Expats Expats Club Chiang Rai Events Concerts Chiangrai News About Chiangrai Chiang Rai Lifestyle Most Famous Tourist Attraction in Chiang Rai The Caves of Mae Sai Chiangrai City Information Chiangrai Culture and Events Map of Chiangrai City New Bus Station Chiangrai Night Bazaar About & Contact Privacy Policy Posts Gallery Stay Connected Latest Posts in RSS Accommodation Art and Artists in Chiangrai Automotive Chaingrai Farming & Agriculture Chiangrai in the Media Chiangrai News Chiangrai Tours Concerts Economy & Business English Tips by Jen Events Expat Life Expats Expats Club Chiang Rai Featured Fishing Chiangrai Food Food Food By Suwannee Golf Chiangrai Guesthouse's Health Hotels Joel Barlow's Chiangrai Learning Learning Thai with Jen Lifestyles Myth's & Legends News NGO's Chiangrai Northen Thailand Olympics Opinion Regional News Science Southern Thailand Sports Stories about Chiangrai Thai Legal Thai Premier League Thailand Politics Things to Do Tourism News Tourist in the News Western Food World News Latest Comments in RSS Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook Wednesday, October 26th, 2016 | Posted by Editor Thai Government asks Google, Youtube and FaceBook to Join Forces’ to Block Sites The source said the government has to send URLs with inappropriate content to Google’s office in the US for review. . . BANGKOK – According to Google Thailand almost 100 web addresses on the popular video-sharing site YouTube have been blocked over the past four days for insulting the monarchy, the result of what the government is calling a “joint blocking effort.” In addition another 380 web addresses, or URLs, on Google, are in the process of being blocked, a government official responsible for monitoring and blocking inappropriate content online said. The Government source said the Junta was also planning to invite representatives of Facebook this week to discuss ways to strengthen cooperation in blocking users that post content or comments insulting the monarchy. “Approximately 30-40 URLs with inappropriate content have been blocked per day since last week, compared with an average of two to 10 before we started working together,” the source said. Last Friday, Ann Lavin, director of public policy and government affairs at Google’s Southeast Asia and Greater China office, met Deputy Prime Minister Prajin Juntong to discuss the issue. The source said Google had put in place steps making it easier for the government to complain about YouTube posts considered offensive to the monarchy. Google employees in the US consider the requests. The effort includes a complaint report from the government available in Thai rather than only in English, as with previous versions. Google indicated it had Thai nationals to handle complaints around the clock. The source said the government has to send URLs with inappropriate content to Google’s office in the US for review. It must also seek court orders in Thailand. The cooperation benefits the government because it shortens the process of blocking web addresses, the source said. It also helps avoid misunderstandings between the government and Google on what will be categorised as inappropriate content. “The government needs strong assistance from Google to permanently remove all the web addresses showing inappropriate videos on YouTube,” the source said. Google spokesmen have insisted they have made no changes to their policies, which allow for site-blocking and YouTube video takedowns after considering government requests on a case-by-case basis. Earlier, ACM Prajin said the government was monitoring and tracking 100 people either posting or making comments with inappropriate content insulting the monarchy online. The government also set up yet another “war room” to monitor and block inappropriate web addresses 24 hours a day by working with the two state-run Cyber Security Operation Centres. ACM Prajin did not mention another new self-styled monitoring centre at the headquarters of the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission (NBTC). On Tuesday, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha  asked the public to refrain from quarrels and let the lese majeste law do its job. Some netizens have turned angry after seeing online messages that allegedly defame the monarch. Others have criticised the censorship. Gen Prayut advised people not to use emotions to judge what they see. If they find any act to be insulting, they should first look into the reasons behind it. If it turns out that the action was ill-intended, they should let officers deal with the issue, he said. The Foreign Ministry will arrange extradition requests to other countries where suspects under Section 112 of the Criminal Code — better known as the lese majeste law — have fled, Foreign Minister Don Pramudwinai said. Following the Justice Ministry’s recent move to send letters asking authorities in other countries to extradite suspects whose posts breached Section 112, Mr Don said the ministry will help get the letters to these authorities. “We can ask for cooperation [from other countries],” he said. Source: Post Publishing PCL Related Posts: Thailand’s Deputy Prime Minister Meets with Google Over Royal Insults Ben King Appointed Country Head for Google Thailand Thai Government Launches English-language Broadcast Program “The Insider” Short URL: http://www.chiangraitimes.com/?p=42745 Posted by Editor on Oct 26 2016. Filed under Economy & Business, Regional News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. Both comments and pings are currently closed. Share It Digg It Del Icio Us Add to Facebook Google Bookmarks Stumble It Twitter Add to Reddit Print This Post In Loving Memory of His Majesty the King Recently Added Jen’s English Tip – Could have and Would have Mekong River Commission (MRC) Chief Insists “Imperfect” Regulatory Body Has Mekong River Basin’s Interests at Heart Super Moon Marks One Month of Mourning in Thailand Magnitude 7.8 Earthquake Strikes Southern New Zealand Chiang Rai Airport Urges Loy Krathong Lanterns Not be Released Police in Chiang Rai Engage in Crime Sweep Prior to Loy Krathong Heavy Rains Cause Flash Floods in Three Chiang Rai Districts Hillary Clinton Blames FBI Director James Comey for her Defeat Israeli Killed and Dismembered in Bangkok Burmese Police Say Interpol to Take Over Search for Suspected Murderer Briton Harris Binotti Chiangrai News Featured World News News Thailand Health Tourism News Chiang Rai Times English Language Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Log in - Designed by Media Max Powered by Chiangraiprovince.org
Home Industry Tech Google’s Alphabet experiment misses key goal: Retaining key executives Google’s Alphabet experiment misses key goal: Retaining key executives When Google co-founder Larry Page created Alphabet Inc., he gave three primary reasons: free up the main internet business from its costly "moonshot" projects; turn those audacious experiments into real businesses; and keep entrepreneurial leaders from leaving. By: Bloomberg | Published: October 26, 2016 6:17 PM Google Fiber is the latest Alphabet new business — dubbed the “Other Bets” — to be overhauled. (Reuters) When Google co-founder Larry Page created Alphabet Inc., he gave three primary reasons: free up the main internet business from its costly “moonshot” projects; turn those audacious experiments into real businesses; and keep entrepreneurial leaders from leaving. Fifteen months later, that third pillar looks like it’s crumbling. On Tuesday, Craig Barratt, chief executive officer of Alphabet’s Access unit, which runs Google Fiber, announced his departure along with a wave of staff cuts and significant retrenchment of the broadband service’s strategy. Barratt is the third Alphabet CEO to leave since June, and other senior executives have gone too. Google Fiber is the latest Alphabet new business — dubbed the “Other Bets” — to be overhauled. It comes as Page and Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat try to control costs while putting nascent businesses in sectors such as biotech and robotics, on surer footing. Google, the core digital ads juggernaut, is flourishing and turbulence at “Other Bets” may reflect the arrival of fiscal discipline under Porat, who has won praise on Wall Street for her work. Former employees have described how expense and revenue expectations, once rare at the experimental units, have become common since the Alphabet reorganization in August 2015. Deeper Problems The turbulence may also highlight deeper problems creating sustainable business models. Google Fiber was one of the two chief contributors to “Other Bets,” according to the company. (Alphabet does not break out financial metrics for each Bet.) The second is Nest, manufacturer of Internet-connected home devices. It has had an even rougher year. In June, Nest co-founder and CEO Tony Fadell left following internal disputes that partly focused on a spending crackdown. Soon after, some Nest employees moved to Google to work in its new hardware division. That included Ana Corrales, Nest’s chief financial officer, who now runs supply chain operations for the hardware initiative. (A Nest spokeswoman said Corrales continues to be a “shared resource” between the two companies.) The other Alphabet CEO departure was Bill Maris, who stepped down in August from GV, the company’s venture capital arm. Google Fiber’s recast business plan — narrowing its markets to select cities and focusing on wireless technology to deliver broadband — is a retreat to the unit’s strategy from two years ago, a former executive said. Analysts said mounting costs likely caused the retrenchment. Capital expenditure for Alphabet’s Other Bets hit $280 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting ongoing investment in Google Fiber, Porat told analysts. “It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,” said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. “The long-term viability of the project was always in question,” said Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst. “I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn’t really going anywhere.” Unstable Moonshots With some of Alphabet’s more experimental projects, it’s unclear if there even is a market. Alphabet has drastically pulled back from once-ambitious robotics efforts — trying to sell Boston Dynamics and nixing other projects. Its autonomous car project, while a pioneer in the field, has lost key leaders while auto-makers and startups catch up. In the past two months, Alphabet’s X research lab, which incubates potential Alphabet companies, lost two other leaders on those nascent projects. The latest, Dave Vos, ran Project Wing, a drone delivery initiative that competes with a similar effort at Amazon.com Inc. Vos’ departure was sudden, and X did not immediately name a replacement. It was surprising to see Vos leave, said one drone legal expert, adding that such losses are rare at Amazon. That said, Amazon has yet to tackle as many sprawling, ambitious projects as Google’s founders are. Recent departures may indicate a sharper focus at Alphabet, which investors have demanded in recent years. “Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve,” Barratt wrote in a blog Tuesday about Google Fiber. He said this was the “right juncture” for him to step down as CEO. Alphabet did not name a replacement. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Donald Trump will get wake-up call when he takes office: US President Barack Obama India's efforts to protect children fail due lack of budget: Nobel laureate Kailash Satyarthi Donald Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Businessman surrenders Rs 6,000 crore following Narendra Modi government's demonetisation policy? Lok Sabha speaker Sumitra Mahajan meets delegates from all parties ahead of Parliament session Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Dubbing artist Bhagyalakshmi on gangrape victim's petition: Sad there is no response from Chief Minister's office Terror-hit Dhaka bakery returned to property owner Cash on Delivery Business hit by demonetisation, says Snapdeal Apollo Hospitals in expansion mode; to invest Rs 1,400-crore Wife hit by cancer, man accidentally tears only Rs 2000 note he had!  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Support Forum Now Ready For Google Assistant Google Support Forum Now Ready For Google Assistant Oct 26, 2016 • 8:13 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Prev Story Next Story We are all very excited for the Google Assistant and devices that utilize it. Including the Google Home and other devices such as the Pixel phone. Tanya S. from Google posted the first official Google thread on the Google assistant at Google Web Search Help forums. She said "Meet your Google Assistant ." She went on to explain that Google will be "posting more about the Assistant over the next few weeks and the team will be watching keenly for feedback." She wants feedback now on "what are you most looking forward to asking your new Google Assistant?" So you can head to the thread and give that feedback. Forum discussion at Google Web Search Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Search Console Has An hreflang Reporting Bug?   Comments: HustleMan 10/27/2016 01:01 am I want Google Assistant to tell me what she has against Nexus phones and why devout Google Nexus owners are now getting the red headed step child treatment because we don't want to ante up $800 for a Pixel. David Hyman 10/27/2016 02:32 am Apple did the same thing when Siri came out. Sadly this type of product differentiation through software is commonplace Ike 10/27/2016 02:50 am Yeah apple did the same scam and made alot of profit off cheap labor and parts that barley cost $20 +60 to assemble =$80 production cost and 700 profit for apple &Google yeh stick it to the customers😎smh Dodirty 10/27/2016 01:34 pm Take and put assistant in its own app. Allo is kind of pointless without others using it and having assistant trapped there seems pointless. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums Part time job Options Questions about Movies niche Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Phones Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Mobile > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Bootloader on Google Pixel Phone Sold Through Verizon Has Been Unlocked Users can potentially install custom and stock ROMs Oct 26, 2016 12:24 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google announced its latest smartphones at the start of the year and made the devices available through Google Store and Project Fi soon after. The smartphones are also offered by Verizon and many have chosen to purchase them from the US carrier, thanks to faster shipping times or various deals. While Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones bought from Verizon will receive timely security patches and software updates from Google, they do come with a locked bootloader. Developers of Android unlocking tool Firewater and Android security researcher Jon Sawyer have managed to unlock the bootloader on the Pixel phone sold by Verizon. The team took to Twitter to announce their achievement and said that the unlocking process was “so easy, it’s barely fun.” However, it remains to be seen when and if the developers will make the unlock tool available to the general public. Nevertheless, an unlocked bootloader on a Pixel smartphone means that owners can install custom or stock ROMs on their phones and start tweaking its software. Pixel smartphones sold through Verizon do come with bloatware, which are applications that the US carrier pre-installs on the smartphone. Fortunately, it seems that Pixel owners will be able to remove the pre-loaded apps if they don’t use them. Verizon currently sells Pixel smartphones for full retail prices starting $650 or at least $28.07 per month on a 24-month contract. Verizon is also offering free Daydream View VR headsets for each sold Pixel smartphone. #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Bootloader#Verizon reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Pixel Pre-Orders Exceeded Expectations and Caused Delays Google to Start Rolling Out Update to Minimize Halo Effect in Pixel Camera Manufacturing Costs for Google Pixel XL Are About the Same as for Galaxy S7 Edge Google Messenger Update Brings a Compact UI and New Circular Icons OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac The LG V20 Has Been Successfully Rooted Galaxy S6 and S7 Owners Complain About Samsung’s Stock Email App Facebook Is Testing a New Snapchat-like Camera Feature Google Adds Stranger Things Stickers to Allo, New Themes to Arrive Soon    Unlocked Pixel phone New Android APKs Wire APK: Updated November 14th, 18:30 GMT Hub Keyboard APK: Updated November 14th, 18:29 GMT VICE APK: Updated November 14th, 15:05 GMT NHL APK: Updated November 14th, 15:01 GMT BBC iPlayer APK: Updated November 14th, 14:59 GMT LinkedIn APK: Updated November 14th, 14:53 GMT Trip Tracker APK: Updated November 14th, 14:35 GMT Reader comments Load old comments   Samsung Announces Android 7.0 Nougat for the Galaxy S7/S7 edge more on: Samsung Galaxy S7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Jamboard announced as a cloud-first whiteboard By R Padla - October 26, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We’re pretty sure you’ve imagined a digital, touchscreen whiteboard that can be used in school or in the office during meetings. Right now, that board is an essential fixture for any organization. All those things written on the board can be quickly erased so to save those ideas, you snap a photo. And now, here enters Google with a new hardware offering that we know will be useful but not really sure if will sell a lot because of the high price tag. Google has recently launched Jamboard. It’s a 55-inch whiteboard that features the G Suite and offers cloud connectivity. This brings your ideas and plans up there in the “cloud” so you can access them anytime, anywhere. This digitally connected whiteboard is another attempt by Google to launch hardware after the Google Home, Google Wifi, OnHub, and the Google Pixel and Pixel XL duo. Google’s product offering for the office is quite expensive with a $6,000 price tag. It’s a 4K display with touchscreen capabilities. It’s more like a huge tablet that’s propped up on the wall, allowing everyone to collaborate, draw, and illustrate. Jamboard works in the cloud so people can work with anyone even remotely. You can “jam” now with your workmates and collaborate on a project in real-time. Google describes this as a cloud-first whiteboard that aims to improve collaborative creativity as made possible by the G Suite. The Jamboard works with a tablet or smartphone companion app so you can access remotely. Feel free to share your ides, images, slides, sheets, or any documents stored in Drive. You can also use stencils and sticky notes so you can add to the digital board. The Jamboard also includes speakers, Wi-Fi, HD camera, and precise touchscreen capability. SOURCE: G Suite Updates, The Keyword Story Timeline Google Apps for Work rebrands as G Suite, blog now Keywords Google introduces new time-saving features for G Suites TAGS Android Enterprise G Suite Google Jamboard Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google puts expansion of fiber optic network on hold Relaxnews (AFP) 26/10/2016 © Provided by AFPRelaxNews Google Fiber Optic Alphabet, the parent of internet giant Google, on Tuesday announced it was halting the rollout of its Google Fiber -- 1 Gbps fiber optic wireless service, in some markets. In cities where service started or is being developed, work will press ahead, said Craig Barratt, head of the Access division that covers the Google Fiber project. But other possible expansion will be on hold, he said in a note on the company website. Barratt also announced that he himself will leave his post as the Access chief executive, while still playing a role as an adviser to the company. The company did not immediately say how many jobs would be lost. Technology news site Ars Technica estimates the cuts could amount to nine percent of employees. Kansas City in 2011 became the first city chosen by the group to test its proposed ultra high-speed Google Fiber internet network, promising transmission speeds of 100 times that of current networks. It then expanded to seven other US cities. Installation work is currently underway in four more cities including San Francisco. A total of eight more cities were being considered as potential candidates, including San Jose in Silicon Valley, as well as Los Angeles, Portland and Phoenix. Though the project is hitting a pause button, Alphabet CEO Larry Page said it does not mean the company wants out of ultra broadband. "I'm excited about the potential of providing super fast internet to more people," Page said. soe/mdl/mdo GOOGLE Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
      Latest News Latest Magazine Issue Education Finance Health Infrastructure Management Elections Politics Public Safety Urban Photos Video Events Institute Papers Data About More MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTERS EVENTS WEBINARS INSTITUTE WOMEN IN GOVERNMENT CITY ACCELERATOR PAPERS DEGREES JOBS ABOUT ADVERTISE MORE EDITORIAL Masthead DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos Feedly Pulse PROGRAMS Public Officials of the Year OUR NETWORK Government Technology Emergency Management Public CIO FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education RESOURCES Books Public Sector Jobs Public Sector Degrees INDUSTRY Market Insights Navigator Media Kits COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs FINANCE | HEALTH | INFRASTRUCTURE | MANAGEMENT | ELECTIONS | POLITICS | PUBLIC SAFETY | URBAN | EDUCATION | COMMENTARY | DATA | PHOTOS | VIDEO Infrastructure & Environment Google Fiber Pauses Plans to Expand to More Cities by Tribune News Service | October 26, 2016         By Wendy Lee The executive overseeing Google Fiber said on Tuesday that the service will suspend plans to expand its fast gigabit fiber Internet service into other cities, including San Jose, and will reduce staffing. "These changes to our business and technology will have some immediate implications," wrote Craig Barratt, CEO of Access, a division that oversees Google Fiber, in a blog post. "Some of our efforts will remain unchanged, but others will be impacted." Barratt said he will also be stepping down from his role as CEO and will remain as an adviser within Alphabet, Google's parent company. Google Fiber launched in Kansas City in 2013. There are 8 cities using Fiber and four more on the way. But there's also a list of eight potential metropolitan areas cities for Fiber, and some of those cities, including San Jose, Santa Clara, Palo Alto and Google's hometown of Mountain View, will have the Fiber efforts halted for now. In August, some workers in San Jose were told that the Fiber project was pushed back and were given the option to transfer elsewhere, according to the San Jose Mercury News. Roughly 9 percent of Google Fiber's staff will be laid off, a person familiar with the issue told the Chronicle. "In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we'll be reducing our employee base," Barratt said. Google Fiber's subscriber base and revenue are "growing quickly," he said in the blog post, and the division is now refining its approach. "We're ever grateful to these cities for their ongoing partnership and patience, and we're confident we'll have an opportunity to resume our partnership discussions once we've advanced our technologies and solutions," Barratt wrote. Part of Google Fiber's mission was to put pressure on telecom companies to increase the availability and lower the cost of high-speed Internet. Google Fiber succeeded in that goal, but as fiber Internet became more widespread, Google Fiber couldn't differentiate itself from competitors in terms of the technology itself, said Mark Hung, a vice-president with research firm Gartner. "At some point, Alphabet (Google Fiber's parent company) took a look at this and said, 'Does the ROI (return on investment) make sense?" Hung said. In June, Google Fiber said it would acquire Webpass. Webpass says it provides superfast Internet through "point to point wireless." Hung said this type of acquisition could allow Google Fiber to create a sufficiently differentiated product. Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet, acknowledged Barratt's hard work in broadening the reach of Google Fiber in a statement Tuesday. "I'm excited about the potential of providing super fast internet to more people," Page said. (c)2016 the San Francisco Chronicle Tribune News Service  |        0 comments Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. You can enter an anonymous Display Name or connect to a social profile. LATEST INFRASTRUCTURE & ENVIRONMENT HEADLINES Not Just California: Deep South Also Reeling From Drought 6 hours ago U.S. Judge Orders State to Deliver Bottled Water to Flint Residents 3 days ago Drought Prompts State of Emergency in Tennessee 3 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 4 days ago Nevadans Vote to Dismantle the State's Electric Monopoly 5 days ago Indiana and Kansas Make Fishing and Hunting a Constitutional Right 5 days ago MORE NEWS More from Infrastructure & Environment LOAD MORE ARTICLES LATEST INFRASTRUCTURE & ENVIRONMENT HEADLINES Not Just California: Deep South Also Reeling From Drought 6 hours ago U.S. Judge Orders State to Deliver Bottled Water to Flint Residents 3 days ago Drought Prompts State of Emergency in Tennessee 3 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 4 days ago Nevadans Vote to Dismantle the State's Electric Monopoly 5 days ago Indiana and Kansas Make Fishing and Hunting a Constitutional Right 5 days ago Washington State Rejects What Would Have Been Nation's First Carbon Tax 5 days ago Solar Measure Fails in the Sunshine State 5 days ago MORE NEWS FEATURED RESOURCES Sponsored Content Presented by   Household hazards reborn in NYC Managing water infrastructure through innovation – two leaders share ideas When does a water reclamation plant start competing with a museum for visitors? How Boston uses “hidden gem” to meet climate goals Preparedness: How water utility recovered from devastating hurricane Tweets by Veolia_NA LATEST INFRASTRUCTURE & ENVIRONMENT DATA State Gas Tax Revenue Data Car Ownership in U.S. Cities Map Deadliest States for Cyclists: Per Capita Fatality Rates Pedestrian Traffic Fatalities: 2008-2012 Map More Data Subscribe Current Issue MOST READ Marijuana Legalized for Fun in 4 More States and Medicine in 4 Others Republicans Add to Their Dominance of State Legislatures Republicans Make Gains in Governors' Races The Most Important and Interesting Ballot Measure Results The Ramifications of Changing the Electoral College What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for State and Local Finances and More With Control of More States, Conservatives Plan Their Course As Many States Break Early-Voting Records, Florida Leads Nation © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Rumored To Be Working On A Mixed Reality Headset By Tyler Lee on 10/26/2016 05:10 PST In terms of both virtual and augmented reality, Google has dabbled in a bit of both. With the Google Glass, it acted as something of an augmented reality headset, while the recently released Daydream View VR is a virtual reality headset. However it seems that there is another headset that Google could be working on. According to a report from Engadget, Google is rumored to be working on a mixed reality headset. Unlike the Google Glass that placed a display over one eye of the user, this headset is said to feature technology like eye-tracking, and will come with a host of sensors and algorithms that will be able to map out the real-world space in front of the user. This will allow the headset to place digital objects alongside the objects in the real-world. Also unlike the Daydream View VR, this rumored headset will apparently not require a smartphone or a computer to power it as it will be completely standalone. If this sounds familiar, it is because in July we heard rumors that Google could be working on a standalone VR headset. It was initially reported that the headset had been killed off, but later it was rumored that maybe it was not the complete story and that it could still be alive and well. There is some evidence of that being true as a report from The Drum revealed a “wireless virtual reality” device that passed through the FCC and also listed Mike Jazayeri, the director of product management for Google’s VR group, as a contact. We have no idea what the final product could look like or when it will even be announced, but we’ll be keeping an eye out for more details which will hopefully surface in the near future. Filed in Gadgets >Rumors. Read more about augmented reality, daydream, Google, Virtual Reality (VR) and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-11-10 Daydream View Arrives With YouTube VR App In Tow 2016-11-09 Daydream VR-Compatible Phones Must Have A Full HD Display 2016-11-01 Google’s Daydream View VR Headset Will Be Available 10th November 2016-10-13 Google Releases Daydream Keyboard In The Play Store Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Bootloader Of Verizon’s Pixel Phones Have Been Unlocked By Tyler Lee on 10/26/2016 05:16 PST Ahead of the release of the Google Pixel phones, it was revealed that the Pixel phones bought from Verizon would have their bootloaders locked, whereas those bought directly from Google would not. This is a big deal for those who prefer to tinker around with their phones, and a locked bootloader will obviously stop that from happening. However according to a tweet by @firewaterdevs, it would seem that they have successfully managed to unlocked the bootloader of the Pixel phones on Verizon’s network. That’s the good news. The bad news is that it seems that it is unclear if the developers have any plans to release it to the public. However given that they have been successful, it is possible that other developers could figure it out as well and release it themselves, but so far @firewaterdevs appears to be the first and only developers who have succeeded. This is pretty good news because while purchasing a phone without being tied down to a carrier is great, sometimes to help save money, or at least not have to pay so much money upfront, purchasing via a carrier and locking oneself to a contract is one of the few options available. At least now that we know that it is “easy” to unlock the bootloader of Verizon’s Pixel phones, tinkerers will now have more options where they can purchase their phone from. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Google, pixel, rooting and Verizon. Related Articles 2016-11-11 Verizon Delays Shipment Of 128GB Pixel XL Smartphones By 2 Weeks 2016-11-10 Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Tablet Launched 2016-11-10 Renders Of Alleged Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD Tablet Leaked 2016-11-07 Verizon Unveils 5GB & 10GB Prepaid Data Plans 2016-11-07 SyncUp Drive Is T-Mobile's Connected Car Solution 2016-10-28 Google Giving Some Pixel Customers $50 In Play Store Credit 2016-10-27 Bootloader Unlock For Verizon’s Pixel Has Been Released 2016-10-14 Pixel Phones Bought From Google Will Have Unlockable Bootloaders 2016-10-05 Verizon’s Pixel Phones Might Have Their Bootloaders Locked Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Alan Greenspan Warns of this US Scheme to Confiscate Savings Home | Street Talk Tags: Alphabet | Google | fiber | telecommunications Alphabet Cutting Jobs in Google Fiber Retrenchment  (Image courtesy of Alphabet Inc.) Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 07:44 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Google in the past two years put in place plans to expand its Fiber fast internet service to more than 20 cities. Inside the company, executives harbored bigger ambitions: to deliver service nationwide and upend the traditional broadband industry. Google parent Alphabet Inc. reset the project on a more humble footing on Tuesday. Craig Barratt, head of the Access unit that includes Google Fiber, is leaving, and about 9 percent of staff is being let go, according to a person familiar with the situation. The business has about 1,500 employees, meaning there will be more than 130 job losses. Barratt wrote in a blog that the company is pulling back fiber-to-the-home service from eight different cities where it had announced plans. Those include major metropolitan areas such as Dallas, Los Angeles and Phoenix. Moving into big cities was a contentious point inside Google Fiber, according to one former executive. Leaders like Barratt and Dennis Kish, who runs Google Fiber day-to-day, pushed for the big expansion. Others pushed back because of the prohibitive cost of digging up streets to lay fiber-optic cables across some of America’s busiest cities. "I suspect the sheer economics of broad scale access deployments finally became too much for them," said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. "Ultimately, most of the reasons Google got into this in the first place have either been achieved or been demonstrated to be unrealistic." Some executives previously described Google Fiber’s business model as working best in mid-sized cities. In those markets, the costs of fiber installation isn’t as high and incumbent telecom companies have less of a footprint.  On recent earnings calls with analysts, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Google and Alphabet, defended the company’s investment in Google Fiber, which she has cited as its most expensive unit outside of the main Google online search and advertising business. With its planned Fiber expansion, Access staff had nearly tripled from 500 from last year, according to the former employee. © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Google in the past two years put in place plans to expand its Fiber fast internet service to more than 20 cities. Inside the company, executives harbored bigger ambitions: to deliver service nationwide and upend the traditional broadband industry. Alphabet, Google, fiber, telecommunications 329 Wednesday, 26 Oct 2016 07:44 AM 2016-44-26 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented CNBC: Wall Street Caught Without Trump Plan; Traders Buy Gold, See 10 S&P 500 Decline Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 35 comments "Praise God from whom all blessings flow. Praise him all creatures here... Steve Forbes: 7 Ways to Replace Obamacare With Better, Affordable Insurance Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 24 comments 1. Hospitals must provide one price for any procedure, which applies... US Chief Executives Write Open Letter to Trump Seeking Reassurances Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 19 comments After placing all of their bets on Hillary and losing, they now have the... UAW Says Will Work with Trump on NAFTA Reform Friday, 11 Nov 2016 | 19 comments The union opposed Trump's candidacy, but said his "position on trade is... Wilbur Ross: Hillary Presidency Means '3rd Term of Obama,' Recession Within 2 Years Tuesday, 08 Nov 2016 | 16 comments This country is already in a recession. But things will only get worse... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
GO! Toggle navigation Money Banking & finance Economy Markets SMEs Insurance Other Energy Oil & Gas Power Green living Real Estate Residential Commercial Infrastructure Other Technology Gadgets Telecom IT Innovation Travel Transportation Media Digital Broadcast Print Advertising & PR Other Jobs Aficionado Lifestyle Arts & Culture Iconic GO!       New President for America: A MENA perspective       Home  >  Media  >  Digital  >  Security check: Amnesty ranks the safest messaging apps AMEinfo EXPERTS Talking Tech by Faisal Al Bannai DarkMatter Taking Stock by Hussein Al Sayed FXTM VIEW ALL EXPERTS Security check: Amnesty ranks the safest messaging apps October 26, 2016 3:34 pm With an abundance of messaging apps, which is the safest to use? (Image: Alamy) Which messaging app is considered the safest to use or guarantees the most privacy? Amnesty International tried to answer that question by assessing 11 companies that run “the world’s most popular messaging apps” – including Apple, Google, Facebook, Skype, Snapchat and others. Here is the outcome:   (Source: Amnesty International) Facebook: 73/100   Facebook runs two very popular messaging apps, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp. The assessment shows that the world’s largest social network is using the most encryption to maintain the privacy and security of its messaging apps. The firm is also most transparent about the actions it is taking to combat human rights threats. For instance, WhatsApp is reportedly the only app that warns users when end-to-end encryption is not used on a particular chat, according to Amnesty International. Apple: 67/100   The iPhone manufacturer runs iMessenger and Facetime, and provides end-to-end encryption as a default, Amnesty International found.  Apple has also reportedly taken steps against “encryption backdoors”, through which hackers can bypass encryption and access the communicated information. The company has also disclosed government requests for access to date, which is great, but it still doesn’t notify users about non-encrypted messages. Telegram: 67/100 Telegram brands itself as a secure messaging app to its 100 million active monthly users, but ironically doesn’t apply end-to-end encryption as a default. Moreover, users receive no warning while using weaker encryption. Google: 53/100   Google’s messaging apps include Allo, Duo and Hangouts, but end-to-end encryption is present on Duo only. Encryption is optional on Allo and non-existent on Hangouts. However, on a company level, Google has disclosed government requests for data and has also taken steps to secure encryption backdoors. Line: 47/100 With more than 200m active daily users, mainly in Thailand, Taiwan, Indonesia and Japan, the app does provide end-to-end encryption, but needs to do more to notify users about threats to human rights. Additionally, it doesn’t publish transparency reports, Amnesty International’s ranking shows. Viber Media: 47/100 The messaging app Viber has almost 250m active daily users. The company does provide end-to-end communication encryption by default, but does not release transparency reports and does not share details on how it implements encryption. Kakao: 40/100 South Korean firm Kakao owns KakaoTalk, which reportedly has 49m monthly users. It came under fire in 2014 following reports that it gave South Korea’s government information about its users. Since then, the firm has taken some steps to strengthen its encryption security, but still does not apply full end-to-end encryption as a default. Microsoft: 40/100   Microsoft has owned popular communication programme Skype since 2011. Today, Skype has more than 300m active users and, due to its popularity, it has been repeatedly targeted by government surveillance arms. Despite Microsoft’s strong stance and commitment to privacy and human rights, Skype uses a weak form of encryption. Snapchat Inc.: 26/100 The super-popular Snapchat is used by more than 100m people on a daily basis. But, while it does claim to have a strong commitment to privacy, it does little to protect its users’ privacy; it does not deploy end-to-end encryption and should do more to inform users about its efforts to ensure their rights, according to Amnesty International. Blackberry: 20/100 Blackberry Messenger reportedly has 100m active users. Despite the large number of users, Blackberry only offers end-to-end encryption as a paid service. It also makes no public commitments to protecting freedom of expression and publishes no transparency reports. Tencent: 0/10 WeChat and QQ, two of the most popular messaging apps in China, are owned by Tencent. It falls at the bottom of the list because, according to Amnesty International, it failed to meet any of the ranking’s criteria. It was also reportedly the only company that has remained quiet about granting government access to encrypted messages by building a backdoor access.   Tags: By AMEinfo Staff AMEinfo staff members report business news and views from across the Middle East and North Africa region, and analyse global events impacting the region today. Toggle navigation Money Energy Real Estate Technology Travel Transportation Media Jobs Aficionado facebook twitter linkedin Contact About AMEinfo.com Advertising Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Featured Site Site Map © 1996-2016 Mediaquest FZ LLC, A media and entertainment company Middle East main office | [email protected] © 2016 Dubai Business | AMEinfo. All rights reserved. s
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « A Korean Press Report Attempts to Cause a Controversy over a 'Smoking' iPhone 5s onboard a Korean Flight | Main | Microsoft Introduces Surface Studio to Challenge iMac » October 26, 2016 Another Expensive Google Moonshot Project is beginning to fade into the Sunset   Google's big moonshot projects generate a lot of interest from the press and that's why they create them. Vaporware has always sucked in the press who need to write about cool dreamy things that don't come to market. Google Glass disappeared; Project Ara – the modular phoned died; Project Tango promoting a 3D camera with an Augmented Reality twist was adopted by Lenovo recently but wasn't adopted by Google's own Pixel smartphone. What does that say? Well, it shows no confidence in their own project. Today another project is on the ropes and likely to die in its current form: Google Fiber   USA Today reports that "Google Fiber is halting its rollout in 10 cities and laying off staff as its chief executive Craig Barratt steps down, dealing a major setback to the Internet giant's ambitions of blanketing the nation in super-speedy Internet.   Google Fiber is part of Alphabet's Access division created in the corporate restructuring of Google as Alphabet.   On recent earnings calls with analysts, Ruth Porat, chief financial officer of Google and Alphabet, defended the investment in Google Fiber, which is the most expensive division inside Alphabet apart from Google itself.   "Alphabet seems to have been rethinking lots of its non-core activities and either focusing them more narrowly, divesting them, or making other changes. It feels like this is the latest shoe to drop," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research. "Although Google is framing this as a pause while it considers next generation technologies, I would hope that it's actually a concession on the company's part that being in the access business is a distraction rather than a strategic imperative." For more on this, read the full USA Today report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 26, 2016 at 06:09 AM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile

null
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise A Glimpse of #SEJSummit New York SEO October 26, 2016 Leave a Comment SEO Jessica CromwellOctober 26, 2016 SEJ STAFF 301SHARES 318READS 301SHARES 318READS SEJ STAFFJessica Cromwell 301SHARES 318READS SEJSummit New York is all set for November 2nd, happening at The TimesCenter, right in the heart of Manhattan. The conference agenda ranges from AMP, mobile, Google algorithm updates, paid search, local search, and many other cutting-edge search topics you won’t want to miss. We’ve gathered insights from our speakers so you can catch a glimpse of what to expect at SEJ Summit: A mobile app should be about a brand that wants to build a relationship with its customer. – Maile Ohye, Developer Programs Tech Lead at Google When a site doesn’t meet a certain quality threshold, all hell can break loose on the site. That includes a drop in rankings, loss of traffic, loss of rich snippets, and more. – Glenn Gabe, President, G-Squared Interactive It is critical that companies have some sort of ongoing diagnostics in place to check for simple but deadly [SEO] problems. – Bill Hunt, Global Strategy Consultant, Back Azimuth Consulting For a strong news site, AMP is about 5% of total traffic (9% of total mobile traffic), 3% of total impressions, +2% in CTR, and +5.6% in ranking position. – John Shehata, Vice President, SEO at Condé Nast Ad Fraud is a legitimate concern and one that threatens the entire digital advertising ecosystem. … Google is very much on the front lines in the fight against invalid traffic. – John Brown, Head of Publisher Policy Communications at Google RankBrain is learning from human decisions – specifically what they click on. Attracting higher click-through rates will be critical to your SEO success. – Larry Kim, Founder of WordStream It is possible, and most desirable, to create content that both helps build SEO while at the same time creating real value for actual users of the site. – Mark Traphagen, Senior Director of Marketing at Stone Temple Consulting A massive opportunity lies in understanding an audience’s emotional state when they are engaging your brand. – Keesa Schreane, Senior Manager Marketing, Thomson Reuters If a brand operates within the local space, it’s important to understand what their audience is interested in to leverage the appropriate content. – Kristan Bauer, Director of SEO, Zillow To grab and hold attention, site owners need to distil down the main message their user is seeking and carefully guide them down the conversion path. – Purna Virji, Senior Bing Ads PPC Training Manager, Microsoft Besides all the signals the search gets from social, you absolutely need both in order to compete in the marketplace. – Amy Vernon, Director Audience Engagement at Daily Dot If you can make pages the best they can be for crawling and indexing, we should carry on doing that. Keep the fundamentals in place. – Mike Grehan, CMO & Managing Director, Acronym Media There’s still time to join us at our SEO conference, take advantage of the actionable takeaways you can learn from SEJ Summit New York! Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Paulo Bobita Related Posts #SEJSummit New York: Super Early Bird Tickets Now On Sale! Agenda Announced for #SEJSummit New York Save the Date for #SEJSummit New York: September 16, 2015 Now Here’s a Conference You Don’t Want to Miss: #SEJSummit New York Bio Twitter LinkedIn Latest Posts Jessica Cromwell Director of Sales & Events at Search Engine Journal Jessica oversees advertising and events at Search Engine Journal. Things that make her happy: family, beer, cats, motorcycle rides, and seeing the world. She was... Read Full Bio @jrdoog Latest posts by Jessica Cromwell (see all) A Glimpse of #SEJSummit New York - October 26, 2016 Save BIG with Early Bird Group Registration for #SEJSummit - September 22, 2016 UK Search Awards 2016: Last Call for Entries! - September 20, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.6K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.8K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.5K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.0K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.5K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 #SEJSummit New York: Super Early Bird Tickets Now On Sale! 2 Agenda Announced for #SEJSummit New York 3 Save the Date for #SEJSummit New York: September 16, 2015 4 Now Here’s a Conference You Don’t Want to Miss: #SEJSummit New York [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos Most Popular New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve him well: Obama - 01:16 Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins - 00:53 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year - 00:53 Trump's choice of Bannon draws outrage - 02:04 Obama: Trump is committed to NATO - 01:15 U.S. Bank's Eric Wiegand on the post-Trump victory rally - 04:27 Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower - 01:26 Dog yoga record broken in Japan - 01:01 Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop - 01:17 House back in session after "contentious" election - 01:46 Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump campaign - 01:19 Google brings virtual parade to disabled veterans Saturday, November 14, 2015 - 01:13 Disabled veterans who can't participate in Veteran's Day parades now have a virtual alternative. As part of Google Impact Challenge: Disabilities, Google.org set up cameras on several floats in New York City's Veterans Day parade, for veterans who couldn't be there in person. Jillian Kitchener reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript There are many disabled veterans who could not physically be part of this parade... or parades in the future. But Google.org has found a way to bring the parade to the veterans. Through this cardboard device, vets like Alex Kowalski watched the Manhattan Veteran's Day parade, on the day of. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ALEX KOWALSKI, U.S. NAVY VETERAN WHO SERVED IN WORLD WAR TWO AND THE KOREAN WAR, SAYING: "It's like being there, I don't care what you say. And being confined to a wheelchair, you didn't think about sitting down, you thought you were marching along with the group." Marching... as thousands of Americans waved their hands in appreciation. It's the magic of virtual reality... captured by 360 degree cameras mounted to floats, and broadcast out to VA hospitals nationwide. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CORNELL MURPHY, U.S. ARMY VETERAN WHO SERVED IN THE KOREAN WAR, SAYING: That felt really, really rewarding. It felt like you were really, really there, making you feel like you want to wave back." "Google Cardboard" is one of the least expensive options when it comes to virtual reality, according to the company. Although these veterans say the experience was priceless... Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/1Xk9AxR <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=366315714"></iframe> Close Google brings virtual parade to disabled veterans Saturday, November 14, 2015 - 01:13 Top News » Julian Assange questioned by prosecutor at... 12:19am IST - (1:19) Obama: Trump is committed to NATO 2:38am IST - (1:15) India seeks to quell public anger by raising... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) U.S.-Australia asylum seeker deal to provide... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:23) Breakingviews TV: A competent cabinet Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (3:16) India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:04) Paris attacks remembered one year later Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Iraqi troops face fierce resistance advancing... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Trump's Chief of Staff pick 'imminent' says... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) 'Substantial deportations' likely under Trump:... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:13) UK royals honor fallen soldiers Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) Left must hold Trump accountable: Sanders Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) More arrests in another night of anti-Trump... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) New Zealand shaken by strong earthquake Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:54) France's far-right Le Pen hopes for Trump-like... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:23) Fire threatens homes near Sydney Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Hollande leads Paris attacks memorial Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:58) Kerry says U.S. will push to implement climate... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Hundreds join Walnut the whippet's last walk Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:50) New peace deal reached in Colombia Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Vietnam holds first-ever destruction of ivory... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:46) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Thousands march in U.S. cities against Trump... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Business » Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise... 3:26am IST - (1:17) Trump victory taking shine off gold 2:08am IST - (1:58) U.S. Bank's Eric Wiegand on the post-Trump... 1:50am IST - (4:27) Allianz: 'brilliant' results beat sector blues 12:00am IST - (1:34) Breakingviews TV: A competent cabinet Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (3:16) American Apparel files for second bankruptcy... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) China fears over Trump trade talk Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Japan's economy beats forecasts but risks... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:40) 'Trump Thump' whacks bond market Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) VW's Audi in talks for 2nd China tie-up Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) China economy threatened by household debt Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Burn not bury when it comes to trash in China Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) The Fed will raise rates in December: Capital... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (3:46) Week ahead: focus shifts from Trump to Fed Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) Kerry says U.S. will push to implement climate... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:39) Indian villagers hit by banknote switch Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:36) Dow chalks up best week in five years, closes... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:12) Wunderlich's Art Hogan on the outlook for the... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (6:10) Latin America's commodity conundrum Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:52) J.C. Penney posts surprise drop in same-store... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:14) Breakingviews TV: Mexico vs. Canada Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (3:55) Trump win puts EU trade in limbo Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:34) Bowie artworks fetch $30 mln in first auction... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:11) Trumponomics – What to expect on investment Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (7:20) Trumponomics - What to expect on international... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (8:36) Rough Cuts » Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve... 3:47am IST - (1:16) Video shows air strike in Damascus, Syria 1:42am IST - (1:17) Obama: no comment on Trump appointments 3:04am IST - (1:44) Reflection "healthy" for Democratic party:... 2:52am IST - (1:28) Obama: Trump is committed to NATO 2:38am IST - (1:15) House back in session after "contentious"... 1:29am IST - (1:46) Obama says ready to accelerate "smooth... 2:25am IST - (1:28) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... 2:05am IST - (1:21) Republicans attribute "unprecedented success"... 12:44am IST - (1:11) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) Conway denies any extremist influence on Trump... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:19) Democratic party needs "profound change":... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:44) Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:53) "Deal maker" Trump could be good for U.K.,... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:46) Fists fly in Ukrainian parliament Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:03) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Swedish prosecutor arrives at Ecuador embassy Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:47) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) Anti-Trump protesters march in Hollywood Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:45) Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Trump's Chief of Staff pick 'imminent' says... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) 'Substantial deportations' likely under Trump:... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:13) UK royals honor fallen soldiers Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:24) Left must hold Trump accountable: Sanders Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:47) Technology » Turning urine into biogas Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:09) Plaques unveiled to mark Paris attack sites Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:44) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:48) Robot dinosaurs unveiled in Japan Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (2:13) Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (1:46) Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily,... Wed, 02 Nov, 2016 - (2:11) New robot toy uses ‘emotions’ to interact with... Tue, 01 Nov, 2016 - (1:45) Intelligent prosthetic leg automatically... Mon, 31 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Dinosaur brain tissue identified for first... Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (1:58) Playing Pac-Man with tiny microbes Thu, 27 Oct, 2016 - (2:09) 3D tool predicts nose jobs more accurately Wed, 26 Oct, 2016 - (2:13) 3D solution to Syrian cultural destruction Wed, 26 Oct, 2016 - (2:19) HoloLens to help improve museum experience Tue, 25 Oct, 2016 - (2:05) U.S. robots win at RoboCup Mon, 24 Oct, 2016 - (1:29) Pint-sized dancing robot to foster kids' STEM... Mon, 24 Oct, 2016 - (2:13) Oddly Enough » Punches thrown in Ukrainian parliament as MPs... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:40) Dog yoga record broken in Japan Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Supermoon appears in Australia Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:59) Magnificent lights over Sweden likely caused... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) Supermoon rises in Spain Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:00) 'Sha-la-la-la-la' for Philippines' Duterte and... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:49) Rare pink diamond on display in Geneva Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Plans underway for new Trump wax figure Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:51) Philippine and Malaysian leaders let loose... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:04) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) Record snow in Swedish capital Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) “Sky Blue” diamond expected to fetch $25... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Mariachis protest "sad" election outside Trump... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Tobler-moan: Brits unhappy with smaller bar Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:52) Clinton camp 'freezes' in election day ad Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:43) Animals have their say in U.S. election Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Clinton and Trump are turned into pooper... Tue, 08 Nov, 2016 - (1:02) Flashmob wears Hillary Clinton-inspired... Mon, 07 Nov, 2016 - (1:13) Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:21) Pandas back home in China from U.S. stint Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (0:55) Straw poll at Harry's Bar in Paris weighs in... Sun, 06 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Thousands make kimchi in Seoul Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (0:46) Thousands make kimchi in Seoul Fri, 04 Nov, 2016 - (0:46) Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup Thu, 03 Nov, 2016 - (1:20) Sotheby's courts fine art buyers in Moscow Thu, 03 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Entertainment » 'School of Rock - The Musical' opens in London 3:48am IST - (2:13) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... 2:05am IST - (1:21) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (2:03) South Korean actors talk "Legend of the Blue... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (1:09) Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with European... Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:57) Duke of Cambridge presents theatre award Mon, 14 Nov, 2016 - (0:48) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sun, 13 Nov, 2016 - (1:32) Robert Vaughn dies at 83 Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:06) The Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards moves... Sat, 12 Nov, 2016 - (1:17) Warren Beatty film return in "Rules Don't... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:50) Why Ang Lee chose 'Billy Lynn' to showcase new... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:43) Amy Adams talks 'Arrival's awards buzz Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:31) Leonard Cohen dies at age 82 Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:05) Leonard Cohen dead aged 82 Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Robert De Niro reacts to Trump as US president Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:25) Leonard Cohen dies at 82 Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:37) J.K. Rowling hopes Harry Potter fans embrace... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (1:42) Liam Neeson visits Syrian refugee camp as... Fri, 11 Nov, 2016 - (0:56) Mars show home goes on display at observatory Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:28) Brad Pitt back on red carpet for 'Allied' Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:50) Tokyo Film Festival Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (2:46) Pussy Riot song portrays Trump presidency Thu, 10 Nov, 2016 - (1:26) Francis Ford Coppola comments on old... Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:59) Celebrities react to Trump victory Wed, 09 Nov, 2016 - (1:01) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Fiber puts expansion plans on hold to review strategy – Computerworld Posted on October 26, 2016 by Computerworld Google Fiber has paused plans to roll out fiber optic cables across a number of U.S. cities, as the company reevaluates its strategy to use mainly wireless to provide high-speed Internet service. Work on Google Fiber is to continue in the cities where … Google halts expansion of Fiber in 11 cities amid layoffs, executive shakeupDigital Trends Google Fiber will lay off employees as it shifts to wirelessThe Verge Google Fiber division cuts staff by 9%, “pauses” fiber plans in 10 citiesArs Technica Business Insider -USA TODAY -CNET -New York Times all 61 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Review: LG’s V20 is a different kind of phone — in a good way – Computerworld Posted on October 26, 2016 by Computerworld The latest Android phone from LG offers high-end components, great audio, lots of photo options, a second screen, a replaceable battery and Android Nougat. More like this. Google Pixel and Pixel XL · Review: Google’s new Pixel XL is a fine phone — but … Google Plans To Fix Google Pixel’s Lens Flare Issue SoonAndroid Headlines LG V20 review: A handheld media creator with smart business looks and functionsZDNet Google Pixel XL manufacturing cost on par with that of iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S7 edgePhone Arena International Business Times -Ubergizmo -9 to 5 Google -Latin Post all 71 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google’s Alphabet Experiment Misses Key Goal: Keeping Executives Bloomberg 10/26/2016 Mark Bergen © Mark Bergen BC-ALPHABET-EXECUTIVE-DEPARTURES When Google co-founder Larry Page created Alphabet Inc., he gave three primary reasons: free up the main internet business from its costly "moonshot" projects; turn those audacious experiments into real businesses; and keep entrepreneurial leaders from leaving. Fifteen months later, that third pillar looks like it’s crumbling. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 58.12 -0.90 -1.52% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% On Tuesday, Craig Barratt, chief executive officer of Alphabet’s Access unit, which runs Google Fiber, announced his departure along with a wave of staff cuts and significant retrenchment of the broadband service’s strategy. Barratt is the third Alphabet CEO to leave since June, and other senior executives have gone too. Google Fiber is the latest Alphabet new business -- dubbed the "Other Bets" -- to be overhauled. It comes as Page and Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat try to control costs while putting nascent businesses in sectors such as biotech and robotics, on surer footing. Google, the core digital ads juggernaut, is flourishing and turbulence at "Other Bets" may reflect the arrival of fiscal discipline under Porat, who has won praise on Wall Street for her work. Former employees have described how expense and revenue expectations, once rare at the experimental units, have become common since the Alphabet reorganization in August 2015. Deeper Problems The turbulence may also highlight deeper problems creating sustainable business models. Google Fiber was one of the two chief contributors to "Other Bets," according to the company. (Alphabet does not break out financial metrics for each Bet.) The second is Nest, manufacturer of Internet-connected home devices. It has had an even rougher year. © Mark Bergen BC-ALPHABET-EXECUTIVE-DEPARTURES In June, Nest co-founder and CEO Tony Fadell left following internal disputes that partly focused on a spending crackdown. Soon after, some Nest employees moved to Google to work in its new hardware division. That included Ana Corrales, Nest’s chief financial officer, who now runs supply chain operations for the hardware initiative. (A Nest spokeswoman said Corrales continues to be a "shared resource" between the two companies.) The other Alphabet CEO departure was Bill Maris, who stepped down in August from GV, the company’s venture capital arm. Google Fiber’s recast business plan -- narrowing its markets to select cities and focusing on wireless technology to deliver broadband -- is a retreat to the unit’s strategy from two years ago, a former executive said. Analysts said mounting costs likely caused the retrenchment. Capital expenditure for Alphabet’s Other Bets hit $280 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting ongoing investment in Google Fiber, Porat told analysts. "It’s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn’t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market," said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research. "The long-term viability of the project was always in question," said Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst. "I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn’t really going anywhere." Unstable Moonshots With some of Alphabet’s more experimental projects, it’s unclear if there even is a market. Alphabet has drastically pulled back from once-ambitious robotics efforts -- trying to sell Boston Dynamics and nixing other projects. Its autonomous car project, while a pioneer in the field, has lost key leaders while auto-makers and startups catch up. In the past two months, Alphabet’s X research lab, which incubates potential Alphabet companies, lost two other leaders on those nascent projects. The latest, Dave Vos, ran Project Wing, a drone delivery initiative that competes with a similar effort at Amazon.com Inc. Vos’ departure was sudden, and X did not immediately name a replacement. It was surprising to see Vos leave, said one drone legal expert, adding that such losses are rare at Amazon. That said, Amazon has yet to tackle as many sprawling, ambitious projects as Google’s founders are. Recent departures may indicate a sharper focus at Alphabet, which investors have demanded in recent years. "Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve," Barratt wrote in a blog Tuesday about Google Fiber. He said this was the "right juncture" for him to step down as CEO. Alphabet did not name a replacement. To contact the reporter on this story: Mark Bergen in San Francisco at mbergen10@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Jillian Ward at jward56@bloomberg.net, Alistair Barr, Robert Fenner ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
/ Cloud Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Web Dev Let's be friends: 3 Things About Containers Moving to Docker? Rocket? See how they handle three essential components: security, performance, and cost. by Peter Zaitsev · Oct. 26, 16 · Cloud Zone Like (14) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Download the Essential Cloud Buyer’s Guide to learn important factors to consider before selecting a provider as well as buying criteria to help you make the best decision for your infrastructure needs, brought to you in partnership with Internap. Containers like Docker and Rocket are getting more popular every day. In my conversations with customers, they consistently ask what containers are and how they can use them in their environment. If you’re as curious as most people, read on. How Did This Happen? From what I understand, containers grew out of Google’s (and others’) need for massive horizontal scaling. Now, this is hardly a unique problem. At the time, there were several different solutions out there that could help deploy and orchestrate the applications and infrastructure necessary to scale — namely virtual machines (VMs) and their orchestration services (like VMware’s vCenter). At the uber-massive scale that companies like Google were pushing, however, server virtualization had some serious drawbacks. Enter containers. What Is a Container? Essentially, the main difference between a container and a virtual machine is the amount of overhead involved in each unit. A virtual machine is literally the components of an entire server, minus the physical hardware. Simplified, it’s the operating system and all additional components required to run the application. That’s a great way to separate applications for mobility, but it also requires a large amount of redundancy (and overhead). A container is your application and all of its dependencies that run on top of the operating system, but not the operating system (OS) itself. The OS kernel is shared among all the containers on the system. This approach reduces the CPU, memory, and disk overhead that virtual machines introduce by running a separate OS instance on every VM. At single system scale, this is not much of a consideration. But when you are talking about scale in the millions, it can lead to an incredible amount of savings without much of a reduction in functionality. When you get down to the key differences, it essentially amounts to “at what level the hypervisor runs,” or if that’s too technical, the level at which the two technologies provide abstraction from their underlying components (take a look at the image below). For VMs, it abstracts the hardware from the OS. For containers, it abstracts the OS from the applications that interface with it. This is where the benefit comes from: containers allow applications to have isolation without requiring every application to have an additional copy of the operating system. Operating systems take up a great deal of a computer’s resources, so the ability to share that overhead — while getting isolation — can be extremely efficient. Google reported that they spin up roughly 2 billion containers per week. At that type of scale, you can see the necessity for efficiency! Image courtesy of Docker.com How Do I Decide Between VMs and Containers? This is the million dollar question. Currently, the two are often used together. If you’re running containers on an AWS EC2 instance, then you are running containers inside a VM. However, the are important differences to note: Security Security = VMs. Whenever you are consolidating resources, regardless of whether it’s with VMs or containers, security should be at the top of your mind. This is because the process that controls access to resources presents a single, high-value target for attack. If you can compromise that process, you can potentially gain control of all resources that are using it. Scary, right? Efficiency Cost reduction = Containers. As I said before, you can use both. However, containers have great potential to reduce the number of physical servers you rely on or your spend in any cloud environment. Especially now that there are orchestration solutions like Kubernetes and Swarm to help you manage your environment. The only other thing that you should consider before deciding what to put in a container is the next point... Performance Performance = Depends. If you have services (applications) that have very spiky workloads or require a great deal of resources, you have to make very careful decisions about what services you pair together. This is true of both VMs and containers. The reason being that there are a finite amount of resources on the physical machine that is supporting the services. The closer that machine gets to 100%, the slower it responds to the service, and the slower your application runs. The Wrap-Up The container space is still maturing. There are sure to be many exciting announcements to come. One thing is certain: This isn’t a fad! While you don’t have to go and start “containerizing” everything in your environment, I would suggest that you start conversations regarding where they’re a good fit in your environment. After all, someone much smarter than I said, “You’re either planning for success or failure. The only difference is deliberation.” The Cloud Zone is brought to you in partnership with Internap. Read Bare-Metal Cloud 101 to learn about bare-metal cloud and how it has emerged as a way to complement virtualized services. Topics: containers,cloud,virtualization,vm Like (14) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Peter Zaitsev, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Cloud Partner Resources MongoDB Atlas is an on demand NoSQL database service. Try it now! MongoDB Benchmarking SQL Database on Bare Metal and Virtual Cloud Internap MongoDB Atlas, the fastest growing NoSQL database. Delivered as a Service on AWS. Learn more. MongoDB Introducing the only MongoDB as a Service offering available on Amazon Web Services (AWS) powered by the creators of the database. Learn more. MongoDB Evaluating Cloud Solutions Internap Bare-Metal Cloud 101 Internap The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Updated Oct. 26, 2016 at 8:03 a.m. Google Fiber halts expansion but 'work will continue' in Triangle, Charlotte Published: 2016-10-26 06:55:00 Updated: 2016-10-26 08:03:30 2 comments | Post Yours Print this blog postE-mail blog post Related Blog Posts Google Fiber goes 'live' in Morrisville; more Triangle access coming Triangle fiber wars intensify: Lightower expands Raleigh network Google Webpass: Fast wireless net coming soon to a building near you? (+ video) Fiber war! Google Fiber to AT&T: 'Consumers want a choice' AT&T execs mocks Google fiber: 'Pardon our dust' Source: Google still investing heavily in fiber despite job cuts report Sources: Google Fiber still burying cable across Triangle Google Fiber: Network 'one of biggest infrastructure projects ever undertaken' in RTP By RICK SMITH, WRAL TechWire Editor Tags: Broadband, Fiber, Internet, Google Research Triangle Park, N.C. — The head of Google Fiber is stepping down and GF is halting plans to expand to other cities. However, GF says construction will continue in metro areas such as the Triangle and Charlotte. "Our work with continue" in some cities, GF's top executive, Craig Barratt, wrote in a blog post late Tuesday in which he disclosed that he was stepping down. Barratt is senior vice president of Alphabet (the name for Google's parent company) and CEO of Access, Alphabet's name for the Google Fiber effort. In the Triangle and North Carolina, a spokesperson for GF pointed out: "Our blog post speaks for itself." GF not only will continue in Morrisville and Charlotte but also remains committed to start accepting signups in six other Triangle communities, the spokesperson adds. However, there also will be some layoffs. "In this handful of cities that are still in an exploratory stage, and in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we’ll be reducing our employee base," Barratt said. He did not specify where cuts would be made. GF does have a group of managers and other employees based in the Triangle. "Some of our efforts will remain unchanged, but others will be impacted. In terms of our existing footprint, in the cities where we’ve launched or are under construction, our work will continue," Barratt wrote. However, other cities will have to wait. "For most of our 'potential Fiber cities' — those where we’ve been in exploratory discussions — we’re going to pause our operations and offices while we refine our approaches," Barratt explained. Those include: Dallas; Tampa and Jacksonville, Florida; Los Angeles; Oklahoma City; Phoenix; Portland, Oregon; and San Jose, California. GF launched service in Morrisville just a month ago and earlier this year in Charlotte. Alternative technologies GF recently began exploring alternative technologies for delivering super-fast Internet service and related entertainment offerings. One option is wireless, and the Triangle is among the cities GF has identified to the FCC where it wants to test the technology. "Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve — pushing the boundaries of technology, business, and policy — to remain a leader in delivering superfast Internet. We have refined our plan going forward to achieve these objectives. It entails us making changes to focus our business and product strategy. Importantly, the plan enhances our focus on new technology and deployment methods to make superfast Internet more abundant than it is today," Barratt said. "These changes to our business and technology will have some immediate implications." The "implications" include the halt to expansion plans and job cuts. GF first announced plans to deploy fiber five years ago, picking Kansas City as its initial launch point. Barratt said he would step aside as CEO as part of the changes but noted that Google CEO Larry Page "has asked me to continue as an advisor, so I’ll still be around." The halt to expansion and job cuts comes after a recent report by tech news site The Information said the business was under pressure by Page to cut costs after failing to meet financial goals, including a target of signing up 5 million subscribers. Google also faces increasing competition in the fiber business, including the Triangle where both AT&T and Frontier began offering ultra-fast services well ahead of GF's launch. And other competitors continue to enter the market or expand their footprint. (The Associated Press contributed to this report.) WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. The Skinny WRAL TechWire Publisher and Editor Rick Smith dishes out tidbits from the local technology sector. Read more articles…         page 1 sort order: oldest first | newest first I admire their aspirations. Always stay ahead of the curve. That's the only way to do business in this market as they have learned from the impact of the success of ATT on their fiber project. However, it would benefit them to be successful on current technology before they worry to much about wireless or something else. I have a feeling that by the time they roll out wireless service, everyone will have good fiber and won't be too interested in whether or not services come to them through a cable or not. It's like they have the best of nothing. And after you fail on basic fiber, people are not going to get as excited about whatever t-shirt you send out next. equinoxbandingo October 26, 2016 12:17 p.m. I live in Clayton and we have CenturyLink with up to GigE None of us will touch it because their Customer Service is run by ignorant folks and it's not worth the nightmare. nospamfordb October 26, 2016 10:23 a.m. page 1 sort order: oldest first | newest first Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    Healthcare organizations embrace mobile strategy    Good news for fintech: Revenues to double by 2020    Net neutrality at risk? Plus: AT&T-DirecTV data move    Facebook captures nearly 80 percent of online audults Latest Tech News  2ULaundry, pickup and delivery service startup, raises $400K Bunker Labs program receives $1.5M funding boost Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Samsung $8B auto tech play; Facebook glitch; Pfizer price cut; airline computer outage; China's Singles Day 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW week in review, part 2 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW's week in review, part 1 Venture & Innovation  Fundings: Undercover Colors, TCI Software raising cash Hatteras Ventures to manage NC's Venture Capital Multiplier Fund Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains  AgTech Accelerator closes on $8.5M in additional capital CED counters HB2 blowback with positive 'WhyNC' campaign Lenovo to launch 'Kung Fu' smartphone Nov. 8 Lenovo unveils first US smartphone; 3D version coming Nov. 1 Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Cisco E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Market Movers Midday Movers The Final Round Sportsbook Trending Tickers Andy Serwer Brittany Jones-Cooper Daniel Howley Daniel Roberts David Pogue Ethan Wolff-Mann JP Mangalindan Julia La Roche Melody Hahm Nicole Sinclair Rick Newman Sam Ro Contributors Personal Finance Retirement Lifestyle [Video] Currency Converter Tech Market Data Trending Tickers Stocks: Most Actives Stocks: Gainers Stocks: Losers Top ETFs Commodities World Indices Currencies Top Mutual Funds Most Traded Options by Volume US Treasury Bonds Rates Calendars Industry News Energy Financial Healthcare Business Services Telecom & Utilities Computer Hardware & Electronics Computer Software & Services Industrials Manufacturing & Materials Consumer Products & Media Diversified Business Retailing & Hospitality NEWMy Screeners My Portfolio Sign In U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,164.20 -0.25 (-0.01%) Dow 30 18,868.69 21.03 (0.11%) Veritas Advances Enterprise Data Management with Support for Google Cloud Storage Coldline PR NewswireOctober 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share SINGAPORE, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Veritas Technologies, the leader in information management, today announced that it is expanding its Google Cloud Platform integration with support for Google Cloud Storage Coldline. By combining Information Map, NetBackup and Google Cloud Platform, customers can take advantage of frictionless information governance with complete visibility, insight and greater control of their data. Veritas LogoMore  The number of enterprises using cloud as a backup destination is on the rise and is expected to double by 2018[1], according to Gartner. As this trend continues, customer choice in cloud storage destinations and the appropriate tiers within those destinations becomes critical to building the right data management and governance strategy. This includes backup and archive to durable, offsite repositories such as Google Cloud Platform. Veritas is advancing enterprise data management through simplified data migration to Google Cloud Platform by automating and optimizing storage lifecycle policies, reducing cost and improving agility. "Veritas' collaboration with Google underscores our commitment to managing the world's information and helping customers gain accessibility and insights from their data," said Scott Anderson, Senior Vice President of Information Protection Solutions at Veritas. "By extending our support to Google Cloud Storage Coldline, we're enabling our customers with more cloud storage choices to better balance their service level objectives, compliance requirements and spend for data that is necessary to keep, but rarely accessed." Google Cloud Storage Coldline offers customers an ideal cloud destination for the long-term archiving of backup copies and disaster recovery of cold data with no compromise on latency or availability. Veritas also offered day-one support of Google Cloud Storage Nearline for storing backup data that is accessed less frequently (i.e. less than once a month). Google Cloud Storage integrates seamlessly with Veritas NetBackup Appliances, giving customers a complete solution for managing data through its lifecycle. The NetBackup Appliance offers optimized local storage for critical backup data that needs to be readily accessible for quick restore. As the data ages, it can automatically move through different tiers of storage, including cloud. All of this is managed via a single policy and management console. Veritas Information Map further illuminates unstructured data assets across the global storage environment for complete visibility, easy management, and new levels of insight from which smarter decisions can be made. Visit Veritas.com to learn more about Veritas information management solutions and Google Cloud Platform. [1] Source: Gartner, Inc., Magic Quadrant for Data Center Backup and Recovery Software, Dave Russell, Pushan Rinnen, Robert Rhame, June 8, 2016  About Veritas Technologies Veritas Technologies enables organizations to harness the power of their information, with information management solutions serving the world's largest and most complex environments. Veritas works with organizations of all sizes, including 86 percent of global Fortune 500 companies, improving data availability and revealing insights to drive competitive advantage. www.veritas.com Read More Media Contacts Mizu Chitra / Marc Lee Text100 Singapore +65-6603-9000 veritas@text100.com.sg Logo - http://photos.prnasia.com/prnh/20150408/8521502200 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Google looking into grossly inaccurate top news search result displayed as final popular-vote tally Business Insider Why two influential tech tycoons have fallen in love with a startup called Turbonomic Business Insider Black veteran says he was refused free Veteran's Day meal at Chili's after man in Trump shirt questioned his service Business Insider These 10 megadonors blew $112 million on losing candidates in the presidential election Yahoo Finance Trump reportedly surprised by scope of White House staffing duties CNBC Cramer uncovers what is really ailing CVS Health CNBC Videos From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Trump's presidency creates an unprecedented conflict for golf Yahoo Finance PepsiCo CEO: Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's election Business Insider Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's job when meeting Obama Business Insider How Trump Should Handle Recent Hate Speech Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett is bullish on airline stocks Yahoo Finance Trump's jobs plan faces a bigger challenge than China Yahoo Finance Credit Card Companies Want You to Give Up Your Right to Sue Them. Here’s How to Opt Out Money Breaking Down Bannon Bloomberg Video Hillary Clinton Eyes Vice President Joe Biden As Her Secretary of State: Report Kurt: Alternate universe news, what a concept. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance China fires its first warning shot at Trump CNBC Sorry folks, Amazon just removed a sale on one of the best games of 2016 Business Insider Yes, you can be fired for expressing your political views at work Business Insider Harman International CEO says Samsung’s big deal is ‘dyna... CNBC Videos Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Here's Why DryShips Inc. Stock Continues to Explode Higher Motley Fool Adidas and Under Armour are locked in a bitter battle to be Nike's top US competitor — here's who's likely to win Business Insider The New MacBook Pro: The ultimate good news/bad news story Yahoo Finance Trump's White House Hires Bloomberg Video Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment Associated Press Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Internet IT Blogwatch By Rebecca Linke Follow About | A daily digest of IT news, curated from blogs, forums and news sites around the web each morning. We highlight the key commentary and demystify the real story. News Analysis Why Google Fiber is 'pausing' work in 11 cities and laying people off More like this Google Fiber puts expansion plans on hold to review strategy A Google Fiber move to wireless could keep it competitive Google Fiber confirms Webpass buy for wireless extensions to fiber network on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Oct 26, 2016 3:48 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Internet Google Comments Are you one of the lucky few who lives in a city with Google Fiber?  If so, you might remain in the minority. Google Fiber has announced is "pausing" work in 11 cities, potentially laying off 9% of its workforce and its CEO is stepping aside. But the Alphabet division claims to be going strong. So what is going on? In IT Blogwatch, the truth races past on "superfast and abundant internet." What exactly is going on? Brittany A. Roston has the background Google...just announced that Google Fiber rollout has been paused in the cities it has selected as "potential" markets...for the company to "refine" its plan to meet new objectives it has laid out. ... The "pause" was announced by Access CEO Craig Barratt, who...will be leaving that role and instead continuing on in an advisory role. According to Barratt, everything is fine at Access..."business is solid" with a quickly growing customer base as well as revenue. Why the changes, then? Fiber is looking to change its objectives in order to "stay ahead of the curve." What about the layoffs? How many people are getting laid off, and what does that mean for the company? Jon Brodkin has the details: A source familiar with the company's plans confirmed that nine percent of the Alphabet "Access" division that operates Google Fiber will have their roles eliminated...The source did not say exactly how many employees that percentage represents. Access includes more than...Google Fiber, so the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned is probably a little higher. ... Google Fiber...has not hit its subscriber goals, and fiber construction is...costly...While the company isn't giving up on fiber...it may be able to deploy internet service at a lower cost using wireless technology. Using wireless technology? Is that what they mean by "staying ahead of the curve"? John Ribeiro thinks he knows: Google Fiber had...seen opportunities for making the internet available to consumers through wireless technologies. It said in June...it was acquiring internet service provider Webpass to be able to increase its urban coverage quickly and offer customers a combination of fiber and wireless delivery of high-speed internet. ... In April, Google Fiber obtained approval to test internet delivery on 3.5GHz spectrum in...Kansas City that could result in fast, short-range wireless connections to serve areas not reached by Google Fiber. So what cities are going to be affected by this changing approach? Justin Diaz fills us in: The areas...that are having the operations put on hold...includes the cities that were labeled by Google as “potential” locations on their Google Fiber map, which are Portland, Chicago, Louisville, Dallas, Phoenix, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Jose, Oklahoma City, and Tampa. ... Google does have four other cities...which don’t currently have Fiber set up, but...are upcoming Fiber cities so Google is still committed to getting Fiber up and running in these areas. This includes Irvine, San Francisco, San Antonio, and Huntsville. So what exactly did the blog post by Google Fiber say that broke this news? Pinboard sums it up for us: “Google Fiber has been such an amazing, roaring success that we’re stopping all work and also I quit.” RELATED TOPICS Internet Google Previous Post Xiaomi Mi Mix: Release date, price and specs Next Post Surface Studio: Specs, price, and who's going to want one Rebecca Linke — Senior Associate Editor Rebecca Linke is a Senior Associate Editor at Computerworld who writes about social media and personal technology. She also helps manage Computerworld's Facebook and Google+ pages. From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet 451 Research: Interconnection 101 Agile Portfolio Management Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... 3 things GrubHub's CEO should've considered before sending anti-Trump email Watch what you write in an email. First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Google's Pixel phones go out of stock – ‘expectations’ were wrong Google's Pixel phones go out of stock – ‘expectations’ were wrong by Sean Keach 26 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google has admitted that demand for the new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones "exceeded" its expectations. The new Google Pixel smartphones have proved extremely popular, with several models of both the Pixel and Pixel XL now unavailable to buy on the Google Store. Four different variants are now listed as ‘out of stock’ in the UK, with no apparent re-stocking date listed. The handsets became available for pre-order on October 4, and officially went on sale on October 20, just five days ago. But demand has seemingly been rampant, which has left many users unable to purchase their chosen device. In a statement, Google said: “We’re thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand exceeded our expectations. We’re looking to restock our inventory as soon as possible.” At the time of writing, here are device stock listings on the UK Google Store: Pixel Silver 32GB – Out of stock Pixel Silver 128GB – Out of stock Pixel Black 32GB – In stock Pixel Black 128GB – Out of stock Pixel XL Silver 32GB – Out of stock Pixel XL Silver 128GB – In stock Pixel XL Black 32GB – In stock Pixel XL Black 128GB – Out of stock Many users who have already bought a phone are reporting that their delivery estimates have been missed. And recent buyers have been told by Google that they may have to wait until mid-November to receive their Pixel phone. Speaking to 9to5google, a customer service representative said that the “shipping department is running three weeks behind”. Google unveiled the new Pixel smartphones on October 4, launching the handsets under the new ‘Made by Google’ banner. The phones serve as a replacement to the old Nexus series of handsets, and are purportedly entirely designed by Google (although HTC manufactured them). Features include Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 chip and Google’s latest Android 7.1 Nougat OS. Related: Samsung Galaxy S8 Watch: Google Pixel hands-on What do you think of the Google Pixel smartphone? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Google Pixel XL 128GB Very Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone UNOPENED $1,250.00 View Item Google Pixel 32GB (Factory Unlocked) 5-inch 12.3MP 4GB RAM Android Smartphone $649.00 View Item Google Pixel 32GB (Factory Unlocked) 5-inch 12.3MP 4GB RAM Android Smartphone $799.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Utsab Mitra October 26, 2016, 2:00 pm Pixel XL Black 32GB – Out of stock Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. AI Pioneer Yoshua Bengio Is Launching Element AI, a Deep-Learning Incubator subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Yoshua Bengio in Dresden, Germany, June 11, 2016.Chad Buchanan/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 10.26.16. 10.26.16 Time of Publication: 6:30 am. 6:30 am AI Pioneer Yoshua Bengio Is Launching Element AI, a Deep-Learning Incubator Yoshua Bengio in Dresden, Germany, June 11, 2016.Chad Buchanan/Getty Images Yoshua Bengio, one of the leading figures behind the rise of deep learning, is launching a Silicon Valley-style startup incubator dedicated to this enormously influential form of artificial intelligence. The incubator, Element AI, will help build companies from AI research that emerges from the University of Montreal, where Bengio is a professor, and nearby McGill University, and he says this is just part of his efforts to develop an “AI ecosystem” in Montreal. Bengio says the Canadian city offers “the biggest concentration in the world” of academic researchers exploring deep learning, the breed of AI that now plays such an important role inside the likes of Google, Facebook, and Microsoft. “Element AI will help entrepreneurs get started in that high-growth area, with a team of experts—and my help—to steer those companies in the right direction,” he says. According to Bengio, about 100 researchers are exploring deep learning at the University of Montreal and about 50 others are doing similar work at McGill. Whether this amounts to an unparalleled concentration of researchers is debatable—Europe is also a hotbed of research—but the importance of deep learning is undeniable. Last week, Microsoft researchers unveiled a computing system that recognizes conversational speech as accurately as humans do. When transcribing audio from old telephone conversations, the system makes fewer errors than professional transcribers. This research carries caveats, but it underscores how much deep learning has accelerated AI in the last five years. Using deep neural networks—networks of hardware and software that learn by analyzing vast amounts of data—several tech giants have pushed speech recognition to human-like levels, including Google, IBM, and Baidu. Using similar technology, these and other companies have built systems that accurately recognize faces and objects in photos. And now, deep learning is rapidly reinventing everything from machine translation to the Google search engine. The deep learning movement grew out of a relatively small community of academics, and so many of these researchers have now funneled into the tech sector. One of the movement’s founding fathers, Geoff Hinton, works for Google. Another pioneer, Yann LeCun, runs the AI lab at Facebook. And in recent years, the giants of Silicon Valley have acquired one deep learning startup after another. Most notably, Google now owns DeepMind, the London-based think tank that recently used deep learning and other technologies to crack the ancient game of Go. Hinton, LeCun, and Bengio are the three people most responsible for nurturing deep learning through 1980s, ’90s, and early 2000s when few others saw its potential. But Bengio hasn’t followed the other two into the private sector. Microsoft AI researcher XD Huang calls him “a great educator,” and that’s typically how the deep learning community describes him. That said, Bengio is an advisor to IBM, and with Element.AI, he’s creating a pipeline through which AI research can flow into the commercial world. This is significant because deep learning talent remains relatively rare. Silicon Valley’s biggest players are engaged in an arms race for such talent that extends well beyond the usual fight for engineers. The enormity of the arms race was highlighted last year when OpenAI, a startup funded by Elon Musk and others, lured several key AI researchers away from Google and Facebook. It’s also important that Bengio is building an incubator—something along the lines of Y Combinator—because this can address the gap that often exists between expertise in AI and the know-how needed to build a company or product. “A lot of technologists, particularly in deep learning, are very skilled at constructing powerful algorithms but don’t always know how to use them to solve real world problems,” says Chris Nicholson, the founder of a deep learning startup called Skymind. “These very skilled technologists need a bit a guidance.” For researchers given the right guidance, the market for their skills is enormous. Deep learning is now technology that every big company needs. And there are only so many researchers to go around. Update: Though Yoshua Bengio originally referred to his incubator as Element.AI, the official name is now Element AI. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. ai deep learning Geoff Hinton google IBM microsoft Yann Le Cun Yoshua Bengio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 4 hours Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 11 hours These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 12 hours My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 6 hours The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones TV The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones 8 hours Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 2 days Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites Hack Brief Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites 6 hours IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 12 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 12 hours Election 2016 Trump’s Presidency Could Upend the Way Silicon Valley Works 11.11.16 Data Visualization Class Polarizes Americans Just as Much as Politics 11.06.16 social media How Facebook Is Transforming Disaster Response 11.10.16 Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 4 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Pixel Pre-Orders Exceeded Expectations and Caused Delays GO Shipping estimates for Pixel phones now reach 3-4 weeks Oct 26, 2016 10:53 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google announced its latest smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, earlier this month and pre-orders for the two devices went live soon after that. With a high-end camera and sleek design, Pixel smartphones are among the most popular on the market. It seems that some versions of Pixel phones are sold out and if customers do manage to place an order, shipping estimates reach 3 to 4 weeks. The company has issued a short statement on the delays. “We’re thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We’re working to restock our inventory as soon as possible,” Google representatives stated recently. Some Pixel models are temporarily out of stock at Verizon’s online store 9to5Google reported that the shipping department is running 3 weeks behind for units ordered via Project Fi. It seems that Pixel is available in Black and Silver with shipping in 3-4 weeks, while Pixel XL is available in silver 32GB with the same shipping period. It might take about a month before Google manages to get back on track with Pixel orders, but that remains to be seen. Verizon also seems to have some availability issues with the Pixel XL, as both the 32 and 128GB variants are out of stock. Orders can still be placed, but shipments will arrive on November 11 or 12. Obviously, customers have the option to test their luck at brick and mortar Verizon stores, which are usually properly stocked with phones. There has been some concern that customers would express moderate interest in Pixel phones, considering that they have a higher price point compared to previous Nexus models, but it seems that the $650 price didn’t discourage consumers. In addition, Samsung recalled its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone from the market and some of its customers might have already jumped ship and went with Google’s latest offerings. Google already spent several million dollars on marketing the two smartphones, which surely contributed to their popularity. #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Pre-orders#Delays subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Sprint CEO Says Many Galaxy Note 7 Owners Opt for Another Samsung Smartphone Google to Start Rolling Out Update to Minimize Halo Effect in Pixel Camera Manufacturing Costs for Google Pixel XL Are About The Same as For Galaxy S7 Edge Google Pixel XL and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Undergo Speed Test OnePlus 4 Rumors Suggest Mind-Blowing Specs: 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 CPU Pregnant Woman Suffers Second-Degree Burns After Falling Asleep on iPhone 7 Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Microsoft Officially Announces Visual Studio for Mac Create Your Own Ubuntu 16.10 Live ISO with the New Linux For All (LFA) Distro Vivaldi 1.5 Web Browser Up to RC State, Fixes H.264 and MP3 Support for openSUSE Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Released, It's Based on Xfce 4.12 & Slackware 14.2 Mozilla Firefox 50.0 Now Available for Download, Brings Built-in Emoji on Linux    Pixel and Pixel XL New Android APKs Wire APK: Updated November 14th, 18:30 GMT Hub Keyboard APK: Updated November 14th, 18:29 GMT VICE APK: Updated November 14th, 15:05 GMT NHL APK: Updated November 14th, 15:01 GMT BBC iPlayer APK: Updated November 14th, 14:59 GMT LinkedIn APK: Updated November 14th, 14:53 GMT Trip Tracker APK: Updated November 14th, 14:35 GMT Reader comments Pictures and Specs of Google's Canned Project ARA Smartphone Leaked Out more on: Project Ara i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
