검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Nat'l Assembly endorses PM nominee The Korea Herald > Business > Technology Google’s new ad solution fuels worries over privacy   Published : 2017-05-31 14:35 Updated : 2017-05-31 16:03 Google is introducing a new advertising solution that can track how well online ads translate to offline purchases, a move that helps advertisers gauge the effectiveness of their digital campaigns while leaving users concerned about their privacy on the web. The US internet giant unveiled a new ad management system called Google Attribution and a store sales measuring tool that links online ads to offline store sales using user email accounts and credit card transaction records, at the Google Marketing Next Month conference in San Francisco this week, according to media reports Wednesday. (123RF) Though the tech giant has long used its vast pool of accumulated user data to determine when they click on ads and make purchases, linking users’ online activities with offline spending is seen to further extend the scope of the tech giant’s analytic power. Google Attribution works by measuring a user’s online activity via AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search, making it easy to pool data from various marketing channels and gain a “complete view of your performance,” Google said in a blog post. In addition, Google will introduce in the coming months the “store sales measurement,” currently available as a beta service, that “measures in-store revenue in addition to the store visits delivered by your Search and Shopping ads.” Essentially, companies that collect email addresses from customers when they make a purchase can import their store transactions into Google’s AdWords system to compare which items customers purchase against advertisement spend. Firms can also extrapolate such user purchase data by using credit and debit card transaction records to be provided by third-party companies, Google said. In doing so, the new ad management solution aims to answer the question: “Is my marketing working?” and “makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and channels,” Google said. The move has immediately sparked criticism from privacy advocates, such as the US-based Electronic Privacy Information Center, that have taken issue with how Google handles and makes use of personal information. By using users’ credit card data to connect their digital trails to purchases made in the real world, Google is analyzing people’s activities in a way that many could perceive as overly intrusive, they argue. “What we have learned is that it’s extremely difficult to anonymize data,” Paul Stephens of US-based consumer advocacy group Privacy Rights Clearinghouse told the Washington Post. “If you care about your privacy, you definitely need to be concerned,” he said. Google has asserted that it has “custom encryption technology” to ensure that user data remains anonymous, private and secure, though it does not reveal in detail how it safeguards the identities of users. By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Nat'l Assembly endorses PM n... 2. Average W3.6tr traded via s... 3. Kosdaq on record run for two... 4. Mirae Asset Daewoo denies ta... 5. Poll shows 60% of Koreans ne... 6. Moon’s recruitment of IT fi... 7. Average wage of SME worker e... 8. Lee Jung-hee to helm Deloitt... 9. Hanwha Chemical to make eco-... 10. ECCK chairman looks to Moon... 1. Chung Yoo-ra arrested on fli... 2. More THAAD launchers in Kore... 3. US successfully shoots down ... 4. Man plunges to death from Se... 5. Moon Jae-in appoints four De... 6. Daughter of S. Korea's 'Rasp... 7. Choi Soon-sil's daughter re... 8. Kim Jong-un’s fascination ... 9. Trump lashes out at Germany ... 10. Signals of pressure THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Europe to splash €120m on free WiFi for ~8,000 villages and cities Inspur jacks up huge heat sink-sporting beast Millimetre wave.. omigerd it's going nowherrr.. Apple, you say? WDC may form carrion consortium to snap up Toshiba's flash memory biz WebAssembly fandom kills Google's Portable Native Client MySQL devs take cache behind shed, shot heard GitHub CEO Wanstrath: 'Our goal is no outages' Seminal game 'Colossal Cave Adventure' released onto GitLab Windows XP crashed too much to spread WannaCrypt Android apps punched out by Judy malware NORK spy agency blamed for Bangladesh cyberheist, Sony Pictures hack Shadow Brokers lay out pitch – and name price – for monthly zero-day subscription service Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are BA's 'global IT system failure' was due to 'power surge' LinkedIn finds friends to join its 'Open19' data centre standards effort 'The internet is slow'... How to keep users happy, get more work done What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Cisco cuts 250 jobs in San Jose, has 850 more pink slips to hand out Ad watchdog bites Plusnet over 'unintelligible' radio ads Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Lexmark patent racket busted by Supremes Intel gives the world a Core i9 desktop CPU to play with Much-hyped Ara Blackphone LeEco Essential handset introduced Qualcomm kicks out mesh network, Wi-Fi and RubinPhone win Defend yourself against ISP tracking in an Trump-era free-for-all Geek's Guide India sets June 5 as the day it will joint the heavy-lift rocket club Pentagon trumpets successful mock-ICBM interception test NASA boffins find an explanation for Saturn's wonky moon Event horizons around black holes do exist, say astroboffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London Sergey Brin building humanitarian blimp for lifesaving leisure Your job might be automated within 120 years, AI experts reckon Bitcoin exchange Coinbase crashes after Asian buying frenzy Verity Stob German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla 3 Software WebAssembly fandom kills Google's Portable Native Client Homegrown tech dumped for trendy native code scheme 31 May 2017 at 05:01, Thomas Claburn Google says it will stop supporting Portable Native Client in the first quarter of 2018, with some exceptions, because WebAssembly has become more popular. Portable Native Client, which according to Google is abbreviated PNaCL and pronounced "pinnacle," was introduced in November, 2013. It was intended to be an improvement over NaCL, Native Client, which allow developers to run native C and C++ code in a sandboxed space in web applications. NaCL was seen as a way to match the native application experience in the web browser. PNaCL surpassed its predecessor by allowing developers to generate a single architecture- and OS-independent bitcode executable (pexe) rather than multiple architecture-specific executables (nexe). But Mozilla rejected NaCL and PNaCL and chose to focus on making JavaScript run faster. The result was asm.js, a subset of JavaScript that plays nicely with ahead-of-time optimization in order to run faster. It's not fast enough, however. Code written in asm.js creates a parsing bottleneck and thus doesn't perform as well as hoped. So in June, 2015, WebAssembly, or wasm, emerged. Javascript creator Brendan Eich defined it as "a new binary syntax for low-level safe code." It's intended to co-exist with asm.js initially and to provide a path to the sort of native app performance to which web apps have long aspired. WebAssembly will allow developers to write C/C++ code that can be integrated with web applications. Any code that relies on speedy execution stands to benefit, including games, cryptographic apps, graphics apps, audio processing, math-heavy apps, and in-memory databases. The web community has warmed to WebAssembly so Google has decided to go with the flow. "Given the momentum of cross-browser support, we plan to focus our native code efforts on WebAssembly going forward," said software engineer Brad Nelson in a blog post. "We will remove support for PNaCl in the first quarter of 2018 everywhere except inside Chrome Apps and Extensions." ® Tips and corrections 3 Comments MORE Google Web Development Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register US judges say you can Google Google, but you can't google Google The Chocolate Factory is spared the aspirin treatment by the 9th District Court 58 Comments Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability Patch promised 2 Comments Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Cook fights for life after Google summit blaze Google I/O Don't worry, no programmers were harmed, says web ads giant 20 Comments Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 25 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. 5 Ways Veritas NetBackup 8 Makes Microsoft Hyper-V Backup Rock! Transform and simplify the protection of your VMware, physical, and cloud environments no matter where they reside. Most read BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Network Time Protocol updated to spook-harden user comms Spotlight Distro watch for Ubuntu lovers: What's ahead in Linux land The eternal battle for OpenStack's soul will conclude in three years. Again Bye bye MP3: You sucked the life out of music. But vinyl is just as warped Kill Google AMP before it KILLS the web Windows 10: Triumphs and tragedies from Microsoft Build The real battle of Android's future – who controls the updates Sorry Google, it's boring old workloads that are pumping up AWS and Azure, not sexy AI TensorFlow: I want to like you, but you're tricksy Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkey says German MPs' Incirlik visit 'not possible' Features archive UN: '180,000 civilians still in' Daesh-held Mosul areas Features archive Turkish military chief: I opposed coup bid from start Features archive Turkey arrests suspected senior Daesh leader Features archive Read top news with Anadolu Post Features archive world middle east 180,000 face specter of famine in western Mosul: WFP Features archive 27 Iraqi security personnel killed in W. Mosul in 48hrs Features archive Turkish Red Crescent helped 4.5M Syrians:Aid group head Features archive Turkey maintaining naval deal talk with Saudi Arabia Features archive europe US: Laptop ban's European expansion 'still on table' Features archive OPINION - Trump meets European allies: NATO’s future at stake Features archive Pop stars to pay tribute to Manchester attack victims Features archive Germany's Merkel against hasty decision on Incirlik Features archive americas Mexican journalists protest over murdered reporters Features archive Hackers hint at selling tools stolen from US government Features archive US carries out historic ballistic missile intercept Features archive US confirms small arms, ammo deliveries to PYD/PKK Features archive africa Group of Darfurian rebels returns to Sudan from Chad Features archive Moroccan MPs blast ‘lack of debate’ over ongoing unrest Features archive DR Congo: Over 25,000 have fled to Angola in past month Features archive Thousands fleeing South Sudan to seek refuge in Sudan Features archive asia - pacific At least 10 dead, over 50 injured in Kabul explosion Features archive Hekmatyar’s close aide assassinated in Pakistan Features archive US failed to keep its promises in Afghanistan: Karzai Features archive Indian party figures charged over mosque destruction Features archive economy Turkey's Borsa Istanbul down at close Features archive Turkey maintaining naval deal talk with Saudi Arabia Features archive US stock market opens lower Features archive Chinese media giant eyes investment in Turkey Features archive Turkey provides $10 million to displaced Pakistanis Features archive politics AK Party puts the people's will first: Erdogan Features archive Russia concerned over US 'threats' against Syrian army Features archive World reacts to refugee crisis 'only at doorstep' Features archive Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Features archive Turkey: AK Party's new executive board named Features archive sports Turkey competes in Everest marathon for the first time Features archive Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Features archive Football: Besiktas claim 15th Turkish league title Features archive Basaksehir keep title hopes alive with last-minute goal Features archive LeBron James becomes top scorer in NBA Playoffs history Features archive health WHO stresses environmental impact of tobacco smoking Features archive WHO sends massive aid delivery to cholera-hit Yemen Features archive Turkey donates medical equipment to Kenyan hospital Features archive Turkish Red Crescent resumes aid activities in Mosul Features archive Gaza ministry warns of disaster post medicines shortage Features archive infographics photo AK Party Group Meeting in Ankara Tandori bread in Ramadan Istanbul celebrates 564th anniversary of Ottoman conquest Over 1,450 trucks parade to mark Istanbul conquest Besiktas claim 15th Turkish league title video video gallery Cholera outbreak in Yemen Bomb attack in Iraq Bedug: Indonesia’s traditional Ramadan drum Protest as NATO leaders meet in Brussels multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Uber fires man at center of US self-driving car lawsuit Leader of Uber’s self-driving car project leaves company amid legal battle with Google’s Waymo home > science-technology 31.05.2017 Features archive related news Uber launches trucking service in US S. African taxi drivers block roads in Uber protest Elon Musk defends role on Trump’s council Uber chief to leave Trump's economic council Uber launches self-driving cars in San Francisco By Barry Eitel SAN FRANCISCO Uber announced Tuesday that it fired Anthony Levandowski -- once the company’s autonomous automobile project engineering lead and the center of a legal dispute between Uber and Alphabet, Levandowski’s former employer. Levandowski began working at Google in 2007 and was brought on to the company’s self-driving car division Waymo, which later became a separate firm when Google reorganized under umbrella company Alphabet. Levandowski left Waymo in January, 2016 to found autonomous freight truck company Otto, which was acquired by Uber a few months later. This past February, Waymo sued Uber and alleged Levandowski stole highly confidential files and trade secrets from his old employer before starting up Otto. In its complaint, Waymo alleges Levandowski stole 14,000 pages worth of documents, a charge Uber has never denied. Uber maintains that it has done nothing wrong and wanted Levandowski to cooperate with the investigation, but, according to Uber, he kept citing his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid self-incrimination. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an email to employees. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” Once it became clear that Levandowski would not cooperate with the investigation, he yielded some of his duties last month to Eric Meyhofer, who will now take over from Levandowski as head of Uber’s Advanced Technologies Group. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 10 : 02 world At least 10 dead, over 50 injured in Kabul explosion 08 : 18 world Mexican journalists protest over murdered reporters 08 : 16 science-technology Hackers hint at selling tools stolen from US government 23 : 14 Turkey Turkey says German MPs' Incirlik visit 'not possible' 21 : 19 Turkey UN: '180,000 civilians still in' Daesh-held Mosul areas 19 : 35 world OPINION - Trump meets European allies: NATO’s future at stake 16 : 19 Turkey AK Party puts the people's will first: Erdogan 13 : 44 economy Turkey provides $10 million to displaced Pakistanis 13 : 34 Turkey World reacts to refugee crisis 'only at doorstep' 11 : 29 world Russia: Death toll from freak storm rises to 16 analysis news Fenerbahce's Euroleague victory "is for Turkey" Turkey and India pondering over their policy limits PKK’s franchising strategy Hezbollah’s mission impossible Turkey and the US: past, today and tomorrow Uber fires man at center of US self-driving car lawsuit 1 / 1 Uber fires man at center of US self-driving car lawsuit analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Essential Home enters the smart home, promises to be smarter and more natural By Rei Padla - May 31, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Your smart home is about to get smarter now that Andy Rubin has entered the scene. Well, Rubin hasn’t really left the industry. He left Google a few years ago to help a startup which this week unveiled the new Essential Phone. Aside from the new smartphone, the company has also announced the Essential Home. It’s a new device that promises more beyond automation. We’re assuming this will rival what the Google Home and the Amazon Echo are currently offering. For the Essential team, they want something that feels more natural to use. Usually, you have to ask a smart device a question to get information. With Essential Home, it won’t feel stressful that you can’t remember the correct command or format. It will be natural and more helpful, providing the “essentials” that you need to go about in each day. Design-wise, the Essential Home is something you will want to show off. It’s not a bulky tower but a nice round device with a display. At first glance, it will remind you of a Nest Thermostat in an Echo Dot form. You can say it’s a combination of the Nest, Echo Dot, and Google Home plus the new Echo Show by Amazon. There are no LED lights but the screen will be enough to give some illumination. The Essential Home is a smart device that will answer your questions just by talking to it. Tap on the screen to activate or glance on the display to read information. It is private as it limits sending data to the cloud and works over your network at home. It has its own AI engine so it doesn’t have to call on a server all the time. It runs Ambient OS that introduces itself to current devices at home. The new OS for the home aims to choreograph the devices, people, context, and content. Developers can also make their own apps that can work with the Ambient OS technology. An open SDK will be provided so you can start developing programs for the Essential Home. Essential Home can do what Amazon Echo and Google Home can do like answer your questions, turn on/off lights, play music, and control your other smart home devices. We have no details yet on pricing and availability but it is expected to arrive this Summer. SOURCE: Essential Story Timeline Andy Rubin shows corners of Essential’s almost bezel-less phone Essential smartphone by Andy Rubin surfaces on GFXBench LG X Venture introduced with Outdoor Essentials, sports a durable design Andy Rubin to show off new Essential smartphone next week Andy Rubin's Essential Phone finally unveiled TAGS Android Essential Home Essential Products smart home Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 477.9kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Essential Phone PH-1 Huawei nova 2 Plus Huawei nova 2 About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
Just In 22mins Call me maybe - on my cellphone, says Trump to world leaders 34mins Coldplay, Bieber to join Ariana Grande at Manchester concert 50mins Now, an SMS can link PAN with Aadhaar 52mins First Scorpene submarine Kalvari to be commissioned by July 1hr Here is the trailer of Victoria and Abdul starring Judi Dench, Ali Fazal 1hr Indian Navy rescues 18 people off Chittagong 1hr US successfully tests ICBM defence system 1hr IIT-Madras campus tense after beef fest 1hr Sensex hits another peak of 31,233; Nifty at 9,638 1hr Rupee rebounds 13 paise against US dollar 2hrs Yogi Adityanath offers prayers at Ayodhya 'Ram temple' 2hrs How 'Wonder Woman' built a world of women, onscreen and off 2hrs Android creator unveils new Essential phone, home assistant device 2hrs Nine dead, more than 90 wounded in Kabul blast 3hrs CBSE class 10 results will be declared soon Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Android creator unveils new Essential phone, home assistant device Share On JUST IN 22mins Call me maybe - on my cellphone, says Trump to world leaders 34mins Coldplay, Bieber to join Ariana Grande at Manchester concert 50mins Now, an SMS can link PAN with Aadhaar 52mins First Scorpene submarine Kalvari to be commissioned by July 1hr Here is the trailer of Victoria and Abdul starring Judi Dench, Ali Fazal 1hr Indian Navy rescues 18 people off Chittagong 1hr US successfully tests ICBM defence system 1hr IIT-Madras campus tense after beef fest 1hr Sensex hits another peak of 31,233; Nifty at 9,638 1hr Rupee rebounds 13 paise against US dollar 2hrs Yogi Adityanath offers prayers at Ayodhya 'Ram temple' 2hrs How 'Wonder Woman' built a world of women, onscreen and off 2hrs Android creator unveils new Essential phone, home assistant device 2hrs Nine dead, more than 90 wounded in Kabul blast 3hrs CBSE class 10 results will be declared soon CLOSE Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Modi: Three years, one truth Sci-Tech Technology Technology Android creator unveils new Essential phone, home assistant device Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 31, 2017 10:22 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 10:40 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Essential phones will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri.   | Photo Credit: AFP Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 31, 2017 10:22 IST Updated: May 31, 2017 10:40 IST more-in The new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon.com Echo and Alphabet's Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn , Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. Post a Comment More In Gadgets Technology technology (general) mobile phones Related Articles << Previous Story Wristband that beats like heart fights stress Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 31, 2017 12:35:38 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/android-creator-unveils-new-essential-phone-home-assistant-device/article18664174.ece © The Hindu Leaked documents from Facebook show types of content it allows Leaked Facebook Inc documents show how the social media company moderates issues such as hate speech, terrorism, pornography and self-harm on its Reuters French researchers find last-ditch cure to unlock WannaCry files  French researchers said on Friday they had found a last-chance way for technicians to save Windows files encrypted by WannaCry, racing against a Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Coldplay, Bieber to join Ariana Grande at Manchester concert How 'Wonder Woman' built a world of women, onscreen and off Now, an SMS can link PAN with Aadhaar Android creator unveils new Essential phone, home assistant device Kannada film producer Parvathamma Rajkumar passes away Call me maybe - on my cellphone, says Trump to world leaders From Israel, with love: Four zebras as ‘gift’ to Mysuru zoo Tabs to watch over truant teachers Realtor killed in public view near Ice House police station Dasari Narayana Rao, filmmaker and former minister, passes away CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Quit a Big Silicon Valley Firm? Tread Carefully When You Start Your Own Company by Alex Webb @atbwebb More stories by Alex Webb May 30, 2017, 11:09 PM EDT Alphabet and Tesla have pursued departing engineers in court Uber fired top engineer at heart of dispute with Waymo Pilot models of the Uber self-driving car are displayed at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Photographer: AFP via Getty Images The biggest players in Silicon Valley’s burgeoning autonomous car industry have a warning for their top engineers: if you quit to set up your own company, tread carefully. Anthony Levandowski, a pioneering self-driving car engineer, became the highest-profile casualty of this increasingly litigious approach after  Uber Technologies Inc. fired him in the midst of a contentious legal fight. Alphabet Inc.’s autonomous car project, now called Waymo, sued Uber alleging Levandowski stole some of its core technology and took it to the ride-hailing company when it acquired his startup. Levandowski has refused to testify in the case. “You could consider this as a shot across the bow, of companies saying they’re not going to stand for this stuff,” said Michael Dovorany, a Los Angeles-based consultant at the CarLab. “In the past there really hasn’t been a lot of respect or upholding of non-compete agreements. Now you’re seeing the pendulum swing the other way.” Once General Motors Co. paid $581 million for Cruise Automation Inc. last year, a bevy of engineers recognized they could get a bigger payday if they set up their own companies rather than remain employees of a bigger beast. Tesla Inc. and Waymo started to hemorrhage top staff, and the number of autonomous car testing licenses granted in California ballooned from about a dozen companies to 30 inside a year. Several of those engineers have faced legal pressure from their former employers that are trying to gain an advantage in an industry McKinsey & Co. estimates will be worth $6.7 trillion by 2030. Waymo alleges that Levandowski stole key intellectual property when he left to create Otto, the startup that was subsequently acquired by Uber for about $700 million. Meanwhile Tesla settled out of court in April with Sterling Anderson, a former director of its Autopilot program. Anderson formed a company called Aurora Innovation LLC earlier this year with Chris Urmson, the ex-head of Google’s self-driving car program. Tesla had claimed that Anderson breached his contract by starting Aurora and recruiting engineers from the Elon Musk-led company. The smartphone, computer and tablet markets are “very mature, whereas autonomous cars is brand new,” said Bob O’Donnell, president and chief analyst at Technalysis Research. “It’s a real opportunity for these tech companies so that’s why they’re taking it very seriously.” Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up When online learning company Udacity Inc. decided to spin out its autonomous car operations into a standalone business earlier this year, it faced a significant hurdle, according to a person familiar with the process. Founder and President Sebastian Thrun had led the Google X innovation lab before leaving to start Udacity, and navigating his relationship with Google held up the formation of Voyage, as the self-driving car business was subsequently dubbed, according to the person, who asked not to be identified because the discussions were private. Discussions were drawn out over several months, and Thrun, who initially planned to be Voyage chairman, ultimately assumed no formal role at the company, beyond an equity stake through Udacity, the person said. “Given my deep involvement with Udacity and my close friendship with the Google team, I felt it would be inappropriate to take any role or equity in Voyage,” Thrun said in an emailed response to Bloomberg News questions about discussions with Google. An Alphabet spokesman couldn’t be reached for comment. Google filed a complaint in December against Leonid Shamis, a software engineer who left to join startup Drive.ai the previous month. The search giant alleged that he and 10 unidentified defendants had breached the terms of employment agreements not to use Google’s confidential information for other means, according to court filings. Others have so far succeeded in evading the tech companies’ lawyers. Bryan Salesky and Peter Rander, former leaders of self-driving car teams at Uber and Google, secured a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. in February for their company Argo AI. The Pittsburgh-based startup aims to build the brains for a self-driving car. “There really do seem to be a select few people who have made a name for themselves in this space,” said the CarLab’s Dovorany. “Their value is really great.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News The New Hardline in the Valley Part 3: Who’s shattering the calm in central Kashmir To counter OBOR, India and Japan propose Asia-Africa sea corridor Centre’s notification on cattle sale: DMK, Mamata up ante, Karnataka joins protest Babri Masjid demolition case: What L K Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and Kalyan Singh are charged with Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Home Technology Tech News Uber fires executive Anthony Levandowski at centre of Waymo lawsuit Uber fires executive Anthony Levandowski at centre of Waymo lawsuit Uber fired self-driving car executive Anthony Levandowski, yielding to mounting pressure in its court fight with rival Waymo to part ways with the engineer after a judge concluded he took thousands of confidential files from the Alphabet Inc unit. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 31, 2017 10:17 am Uber fired self-driving car executive Anthony Levandowski, yielding to mounting pressure in its court fight with Google’s Waymo. (Image source: AP) Uber Technologies Inc fired self-driving car executive Anthony Levandowski, yielding to mounting pressure in its court fight with rival Waymo to part ways with the engineer after a judge concluded he took thousands of confidential files from the Alphabet Inc unit. Levandowski joined the ride-hailing startup in 2016 after several years at Google’s autonomous driving project, which is now called Waymo. In February, Waymo sued Uber alleging that Levandowski stole trade secrets and patents from Waymo for the development of self-driving technology and brought them to Uber. Levandowski has invoked his Fifth Amendment right not to testify in the case, hindering Uber’s ability to defend itself against Waymo’s claims. The firing indicates a possible split between Uber and Levandowski, who for months had presented an allied front in the fight against Waymo’s claims. After U.S. District Judge William Alsup told Uber it wasn’t doing enough to compel Levandowski to cooperate, the company threatened to fire him if he didn’t change his stance. The engineer had countered that it was an unfair burden to make him choose between his constitutional rights against self-incrimination and his job. In a termination letter dated May 26, Uber gave Levandowski 20 days to comply with the requests to help in the investigation. Levandowski isn’t a defendant in Waymo’s lawsuit, though Alsup has asked federal prosecutors to investigate claims made in the case. In a May 11 order, Alsup gave Uber until May 31 to turn over all Waymo materials downloaded by Levandowski before he left the company. While Uber hasn’t denied that Levandowski took the proprietary files, the company has repeatedly insisted that they can’t be found on its computer servers. Shortly after Uber announced Levandowski’s ouster on Tuesday, his lawyer filed arguments in court urging the judge to back off the May 11 order, which led to Uber’s initial threat to fire Levandowski. “The government — no matter the branch — may not force a person to choose between her continued employment and her Fifth Amendment rights,” Levandowski’s lawyer wrote in the filing. Lawyers for Levandowski didn’t immediately respond to a request for additional comment. An Uber spokeswoman declined to comment further on the termination. A representative for Waymo didn’t immediately comment. The New York Times reported on Levandowski’s termination earlier Tuesday. Lidar Files Waymo’s lawsuit accuses Levandowski of illicitly downloading 14,000 files, including some on Waymo’s lidar, a key component of self-driving systems. Alsup ruled that Levandowski needed to step aside from working on the technology at Uber until the Waymo dispute was settled. Uber replaced Levandowski as head of its self-driving program, placing engineer Eric Meyhofer in charge. Uber employees were told about the termination in a staff email on Tuesday. Levandowski’s tenure at the private ride-hailing juggernaut, valued at almost $70 billion, was brief and dramatic. He came to Uber via the acquisition of Otto, an autonomous trucking startup he formed after leaving Waymo. With his arrival, Uber received another injection of engineers experienced with building self-driving systems. A year before, Uber jump-started its own autonomous program after hiring a slew of roboticists from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. Some Uber executives and investors had voiced concern that the company’s lack of involvement in the field placed it at an disadvantage against Alphabet and traditional carmakers, which have invested heavily in the tech. Levandowski’s pay package at Uber also entered the legal dispute. Waymo’s lawyers said in court that the engineer was awarded Uber shares worth more than $250 million that were dated the day after he left Waymo. However, the compensation was tied to certain performance milestones, according to documents filed by Uber. The company said Tuesday that none of Levandowski’s stock has vested because he wasn’t at the company long enough to meet the mileston For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Google Uber Waymo No Comments. Most Read JAC result 2017: Jharkhand board Class 10th matric results 2017 declared at jac.nic.in, pass percentage dips Restore the shine of your gold jewellery with these simple tips WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage Assam Board SEBA declares HSLC, AHM Class 10th results at resultsassam.nic.in, results.sebaonline.org and assamonline.in Best of Express Kabul blast: 49 killed, at least 300 injured after huge explosion in diplomatic area of Afghanistan Adityanath visits Ayodhya, offers prayers at makeshift Ram temple PM Narendra Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour OpinionProposed total ban on cattle slaughter goes against SC decisions on matter since 1959 OpinionSuggestion to tax agricultural income shows gap between policy makers, farmers Buzzing Now EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra shamed for showing legs in front of Narendra Modi. Priyanka answers by showing some more leg, see photo EntertainmentDeepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra make it to Maxim 2017 Hot 100 list, see photos EntertainmentParvathamma Rajkumar dead, wife of late actor Rajkumar was 77 TrendingDhinchak Pooja may be a 'sensational' singer, but she is also a 'philosopher' on Twitter TrendingDonald Trump's confusing 'Covfefe' tweet results in hilarious memes on Twitter Top News Kabul blast: A timeline of major attacks in the Afghan capital Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Feedback on cattle trade rules: Drop buffalo, cut red tape, scrap order IIT Madras beef fest: Students demand administration to expel those who attacked PhD scholar SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pandya fills in the blank SportsEngland has a subcontinent feel to it LifestyleThe Master Cut Lifestyle#QueerPeCharcha: IITs, IIMs, etc come together to answer most commonly asked questions about LGBTQ TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com today: All you need to know before buying TechnologyAndroid creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know May 31: Latest News Five of family killed in car accident in Udaipur Now, link Aadhaar and PAN via SMS Five things to watch out for at the French Open on Wednesday Maharashtra HSC results: Aanchal Raut writes with her feet, scores 63 per cent Golden State Warriors do not need to be perfect to beat Cleveland Cavaliers say pundits                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society Online education to be worth $1.9 billion in India by 2021: Google-KMPG report Online education in India is witnessing a staggering growth and is expected to grow eight times in the next four years, according to a Google and KMPG report. Sami Khan   May 31, 2017 09:36 IST Online education in IndiaWikimedia Commons The next few years are looking extremely promising for the online education industry in India. Internet search giant Google, along with KMPG, released a joint report on the status of India's online education in the years to come. The report, titled "Online Education in India: 2021", was released on Tuesday, and offers some interesting insights on the prospect of online education in the country where education is plagued with challenges like corruption, rote learning methods and lack of ambition. But the latest market analysis reveals that the increased use of internet is going to have a direct impact on the education industry. Google and KMPG together concluded that online education is expected to grow eight times in the next four years. That remarkable growth rate will establish a stable $1.9 billion worth (Rs. 12,669 crore) industry. "The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India. There are many factors driving this growth including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels," Nitin Bawankule, Google India's industry director, said in a statement. "It is also interesting to note, that high growth in education search queries is now coming in from Tier 2 and 3 cities such as Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota — which points to the opportunities that growing penetration of smartphones and improving quality of internet have opened up," he added. Deeper analysis based on market trends With terabytes of information at its disposal, Google has witnessed an upward trend in online education. According to the study, online searches for education have doubled, and searches from a mobile device have tripled over the last two years. YouTube has also played a key role in the education sector, witnessing a 4X growth in consumption of education-related content in the last one year. The market survey, based on 3,600 respondents across 27 geographies and different paths of life, also revealed that the paid user base will grow exponentially from 1.6 million users in 2016 to 9.6 million in 2021. Online certification courses are expected to witness the highest growth, with a net value of $463 million by 2021. Google and KMPG also noted that the primary and secondary supplementary education will have a massive user base of 260 million, and it is expected to reach $773 million by 2021. Finally, the smallest segment of test preparation is also expected to grow handsomely to reach $515 million in the next four years. Related GSEB HSE Results 2017: Find out where you can get the Gujarat Class 12 results Scores of toppers; tons of marks; dreams soaring high: But does India have enough opportunities for these talents? BSEB Bihar board class 12 results to be declared today; here's how you can check your marks online Post Comment IBT TV Close Massive queue forms at Heathrow exit as passengers are told to leave airport Why advertise with us? Latest News Yemen cholera death toll rises, but number of infections drop: WHO 3 minutes ago By Reuters Indonesia: Arrest warrant issued for Islamic Defenders Front leader Habib Rizieq over porn charges 15 minutes ago By Namrata Tripathi Why advertise with us? most popular This newborn baby walking immediately after birth has stunned the Internet [VIDEO] The 41-second video has gone viral with over 71 million views in less than four days of hitting the cyber space. Baahubali 2 craze: Forceful attempt to watch SS Rajamouli's movie leaves 5 men behind bars Five men have been arrested for attacking theatre staff after they refused to hold a special screening of Baahubali 2. US visas: India sees 28% increase in non-immigrant visas under Trump, 40% decline for Pakistan Indian's visa numbers saw a hike in comparison to the monthly average of the US visas granted to Indians in the previous year. Venkaiah Naidu endorses Gen Bipin Rawat's remarks: Why are we making our army a political pawn? Once upon a time, Indian army chief K M Kariappa was reprimanded for airing his views on governance. Today, we are seeing army leaders making frequent remarks and also getting endorsed by politicians. It's a dangerous game. ISIS executes 7 women in Mosul for refusing sexual jihad Reports state that the militants killed the children and the women after they allegedly refused to practice the so-called sexual jihad with the extremists. Babri Masjid demolition case: LK Advani, Uma Bharti and 10 others charged with criminal conspiracy Big relief for Advani, Joshi, Bharti and others as the Special CBI Court grants bail to all 12 accused on personal bond. Framing of charges is underway. IAS officer drowns while trying to save female colleague in Delhi The 30-year-old IAS officer drowned while trying to rescue a female colleague in a swimming pool at the Foreign Service Institute at Ber Sarai in New Delhi on Tuesday. Shobhaa De mocks Indian Army with a cartoon; Twitterati trolls her back Shobhaa De shared a cartoon on Twitter mocking Indian Army's human shield technique and got slammed in return. Photo Gallery Upendra, Srinagar Kitty, SM Krishna pay homage to Parvathamma Rajkumar South Indian celebs like Upendra, Srinagar Kitty, SM Krishna pay homage to Parvathamma Rajkumar. Fans pay last respect to Parvathamma Rajkumar Fans pay their last respect to Veteran Kannada film producer and distributor Parvathamma Rajkumar passed away early on Wednesday at a private hospital. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Shop Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Where We're Going... The 25 Best Time Travel Movies Why Won't Anyone Fix What Is Actually Wrong With Phones? "The Essential Phone" is a beautiful new phone from Android's creator Andy Rubin that solves none of the big problems phones actually have. Most Popular Essential By Eric Limer May 30, 2017 There is a new telephone. Designed by Andy Rubin, the creator of Android who left Google in 2014, the "Essential Phone" arrived with a splash and bills itself as the antidote to the modern phone. It has a clean design, with no logos or branding, and promises a stripped down software design—no undeletable "bloatware" apps you don't want. It is beautiful, for sure, but for all its revolutionary talk, it doesn't begin to solve the problem that needs solving: that we have to keep buying these things over and over and over. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Briefly, here are the things that make the Essential Phone unique: A titanium case, which may or may not keep your phone from getting busted. After all, it's the screen that breaks. Metal "pogo pins" on its back, which allow you to snap on attachments like a special 360-degree camera (the only such attachment announced right now), or snap it into a dock. Its screen goes all the way to the top of the phone, wrapping around the front-facing camera, which looks swell! There is no brand or logo anywhere on it, which is frankly pretty fantastic. It will work in tandem with the "Essential Home," a smart speaker, voice assistant, smart-home hub device in the style of the Amazon Echo, Google Home, et al. It's made by the guy who made Android! Smart dude! What is maybe more noteworthy is the ways it is like other phones out there: It's a $700 rectangular screen with a camera that (probably) runs vanilla Android. In fact, it's quite an awful lot like Google's Pixel, though prettier and without the headphone jack. The things that make it "special" are unproven at best, meaningless at worst. Phones are very expensive gadgets that are almost worthless in just two years. Most Popular But it's not like phones have reached perfection and there is no room left to improve. There are actually two huge, intertwined problems that plague virtual every device. Their batteries only last a single day at best, and they are very expensive gadgets that are almost worthless in just two years, three max. Replaceable batteries help solve the issue of battery life, but that feature fell out of style ostensibly because it hampers a razor-thin design. There's a more insidious explanation though, one that cuts to the core of what's really wrong with phones today: if you can easily replace the battery, why buy a whole new phone when the battery goes bad? In the early days of smartphones, the processing power that phones could provide and that apps demanded increased in leaps and bounds, making the choice to upgrade for better performance a no-brainer if you could afford it. But now as processing power (and the need for it) has mostly plateaued, there's a different apple hanging from the end of the upgrade stick: often a new battery, but also an unshattered screen, or unbroken hardware buttons—a phone that isn't so much "better as it is just "not busted." These are problems that a truly revolutionary phone could endeavor to fix in any number of ways. Google's truly modular phone failed, but perhaps there's a more reasonable middle ground. How about a phone with replacement parts you can order from the maker and install with basic skills and tools? Or a phone that actually comes with its own repair kit? Or a phone with a free battery replacement after two years? In short, a phone that's not just new, but a phone that stays new for years and years. Yes, it flies in the face of market pressure to Sell More Phones but I'd pay a premium to not have to worry about buying a damn phone again. Some phones like this do exist. Warrantee offerings and free-repair promotions hint at a possible future. But no phone has followed through on this aim full-throatedly, or with beauty and flourish the way a big name like Andy Rubin (and the commensurate investment that name commands) could follow through. It's too bad the Essential Phone is essentially just more of the same. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Best New Gadgets GIF Best New Gadgets Share Meet the 80s Version of Handheld Streaming TV Best New Gadgets Share The Most Important Part of Microsoft's New Surface Pro Is Its Name Best New Gadgets Share Which Logitech Gaming Mouse Should You Buy? Here's the Answer Best New Gadgets Share The 15-inch HP Spectre x360 Is a Versatile 2-in-1 Laptop With a Killer 4K Display GIF Best New Gadgets Share Watch This RC Car Walk on Water GIF Best New Gadgets Share This 'Impossible' Bolt Puzzle Is Viciously Clever Best New Gadgets Share 7 Worthwhile Uses For Your Old Phone or Tablet Best New Gadgets Share The Best Gear For Your Next Backyard Bash Best New Gadgets Share Amazon's New Echo Has a Camera and a Screen Best New Gadgets Share 11 Forgotten Media Formats of Yesteryear New Technology Best New Gadgets What Went Wrong With Saturn?: Analysis What Went Wrong With SpaceX's Launch? Analysis What Went Wrong With the Qantas A380 Engine: Understanding The Preliminary Report What Went Wrong With Weatherization Hypersonic Blowout: What (Probably) Went Wrong with DARPA's Mach 20 Flier What Should You Do When the Dealer Says Nothing Is Wrong with Your Car? More From Best New Gadgets PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Popular Mechanics participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Popular Mechanics gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Gearburn Incisive reviews for the gadget obsessed Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe World Industry News Advertising & Marketing Big Tech Apple Google Microsoft Security Mobile Android iOS Apps Interviews Geek Culture TV & Movies Streaming Viral videos Memes Humour Online Fun Competitions Social Facebook Twitter Instagram WhatsApp Snapchat YouTube LinkedIn Future Tech Bio Technology Internet of Things Military Tech Space Technology Transport Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs MenuWorld Industry News -Advertising & Marketing -Big Tech --Apple --Google --Microsoft -Security -Mobile --Android --iOS --Apps -Interviews Geek Culture -TV & Movies -Streaming -Viral videos -Memes -Humour -Online Fun -Competitions Social -Facebook -Twitter -Instagram -WhatsApp -Snapchat -YouTube -LinkedIn Future Tech -Bio Technology -Internet of Things -Military Tech -Space Technology -Transport -Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs Trending Solms Delta feels Twitter’s wrath after ‘racial profiling’ incident Cape Town’s drought makes international news on CNN and Facebook 15+ SA journalists you should follow on Twitter [Digital All Stars] 9GAG buries the ‘memeist’ monument ever made to confuse future humans Donald Trump and the Western Wall star in an unlikely Twitter meme #BowWowChallenge: you just can’t fool the internet, even if you’re Bow Wow Katy Perry’s ‘Backpack Kid’ swishes his way into SNL history Industry News / Big Tech / Google / South Africa: here’s how to get four free months on Google Play Music By Andy Walker: Editor on 30 May, 2017 AndyWalkerSA Share Google Play Music now offers a four-month free trial for those subscribing to its service. The streaming music platform headed by the Mountain View company houses over 30-million tracks, and allows users to upload their own to the cloud, usually comes with a two- or three-month trial. But Google’s seemingly feeling a bit generous this week. First spotted by Android Police last week, the deal is still ongoing at the time of writing. And yes, it’s available to those within South Africa’s borders too. Interestingly, it seems that the deal comes in tow with South Africa’s addition to Google Play promo codes supported list. It’s now the only African country on the list. Once the trial ends, a subscription to Google Play Music will cost users R60 per month. Here’s how to get it If you’re interested in checking out the extended trial, users can access it here. You’ll need to be logged in to your preferred Google account, and you’ll also need your credit card at the ready. Hit “Subscribe” and you’ll be taken to a sign up box. Hit “Add credit or debit card”, add your details to the relevant boxes (Google will also ask for a billing address) and hit “Save”. At this point, Google will create a “Google Payments” account as well, so you might want to read through the privacy documents and terms of service. Once you’re set, you should be taken to Google Play Music’s home page. Remember though, if you’re only in this for the trial itself, be sure to deactivate your subscription before Google Play Music debits R60 from your account automatically after the fourth month. Google Play Music is also available on Android and iOS. H/T: Android Police Author | Andy Walker: Editor Camper by day, run-and-gunner by night, Andy prefers his toast like his coffee -- dark and crunchy. Specialising in spotting the next big Instagram cat star, Andy also dabbles in smartphone and game reviews over on Gearburn. More RELATED Google Docs’ latest phishing scam was bad news for journalists SoundCloud now features Spotify-like personal, curated playlists ‘Disaster’ Fyre Festival likened to ‘that alien movie in South Africa’ on social media BurnCast Subscribe via email SHARE Popular Latest Comments | May 31, 2017 Solms Delta feels Twitter’s wrath after ‘racial profiling’ incident | May 31, 2017 Cape Town’s drought makes international news on CNN and Facebook | May 31, 2017 15+ SA journalists you should follow on Twitter [Digital All Stars] | May 31, 2017 9GAG buries the ‘memeist’ monument ever made to confuse future humans | May 31, 2017 Donald Trump and the Western Wall star in an unlikely Twitter meme | May 31, 2017 #BowWowChallenge: you just can’t fool the internet, even if you’re Bow Wow | May 31, 2017 Katy Perry’s ‘Backpack Kid’ swishes his way into SNL history Andy Walker: Editor | May 30, 2017 Sanlam debuts SA’s first WhatsApp drama in novel marketing campaign Julia Breakey | May 30, 2017 Cannes Film Festival 2017: here are the big winners at the main awards Andy Walker: Editor | May 30, 2017 South Africa: here’s how to get four free months on Google Play Music Julia Breakey | May 30, 2017 South Africa readies the golf puns as Tiger Woods’ mugshot hits Twitter Andy Walker: Editor | May 30, 2017 Cape Town’s Koeberg nuclear power station to get mini-desalination plant Hadlee Simons | May 30, 2017 Mobile in SA Report 2017: Vodacom, Samsung have handy lead Staff Reporter | May 29, 2017 Starbucks is coming to Cape Town before the end of 2017 priya patel says: surat is the most attractive place for touris... Charlie Boy says: cape town malletjies :-)... Darryl Linington says: Great list and well deserving... but you forg... Enrique west says: Fabulous list of mobile if you can add 1k i n... Irene von Buddenbrock says: He is still South African :) lol.... Caveshen Rajman says: I love a lot of these people and respect thei... Mid- level PHP Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Senior Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Front End Developer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Senior PHP Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid- Level PHP Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Front End Developer/ UI at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid- Snr Javascript Developer at Recruit Digital (Johannesburg) Senior Front End Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Mid to Senior PHP Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Senior Designer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Memeburn focuses on everything digital in the emerging markets sphere. More about us here Copyright © Memeburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Google, Music Google Docs' latest phishing scam was bad news for journalists Read More »
Home Weather 68° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About More Video Community Share It Photos More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About More Video Community Share It Photos Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, UC Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Princeton University/The Conversation , KSDK 4:45 PM. EDT May 30, 2017 (Photo: UmbertoPantalone, Custom) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to the desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com” – not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere Lumen’s user interface, showing the data leakages and their privacy risks, found for a mobile Android game called ‘Odd Socks.’ ICSI, CC BY-ND Lumen’s explanation of a leak of a device’s Android ID. ICSI, CC BY-ND More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the keys. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Connecting a device’s MAC address to a physical address (belonging to ICSI) using Wigle. ICSI, CC BY-ND Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Creative Commons/BY-ND CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Killfies Man arrested for homicide Weather at 11, April 25 Man Shot and Killed in Virginia Beach Stealthing epidemic Messer denied bond in the death of his son Family pleads for pleading for information that could assist in the investigation into the murders of their loved Athlete of the Week: Western Branch's Ben Holtzclaw Fix the flooding issues! Teenager dies at hospital after being shot in Norfolk More Stories Mother tried to hire hit man to kill witnesses in… May 30, 2017, 11:15 p.m. German Shepherd owner shoots Pit Bull that attacked dog May 30, 2017, 3:09 p.m. Isolated showers or thunderstorms Feb 20, 2016, 2:12 p.m. About Us Contact Us Meet The Team Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Outlook Hurricane Center Closings & Delays Weather Maps Weather Cameras National Webcams More... Weathercaster App More Weather Radars Pollen Forecast Location Search Weather Knowledge Beach and Boating Forecast Weather Insiders Weather Alerts Health Detail weather redirecct Local 13 News Now Investigates Links in the News Military News North Carolina News My City Lottery More... Mugshots Charlie Foxtrot If My Parents Only Knew More Local Politics Consumer Minute Newsmaker Headlines On Demand National Politics Peninsula Now Special Reports (needs cat) Virginia News BuyER Beware Side Effects Pearl Harbor Year in Review Nation Now Traffic Southside Gas Prices Live Cameras Peninsula Gas Prices North Carolina Traffic Airport Status Sports 2016 Olympics High School Sports Local College Sports Admirals Tides NCAA Basketball Tournament More... Super Bowl Features Making Your Mark Joe&s Job Holiday Salute 13Specialist Sweepstakes Hampton Roads Happenings More... TD Jakes More Features Event Calendar Consumer Minute Shelter Sunday CMA Awards Savings Sunday Workplace Woes The Oscars on ABC Peli-Cam Grammys Eagle Cam Archives Watch ABC Shows Magnify Money Vote Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Eclipse NORAD Santa Tracker About Meet The Team Advertise With Us Jobs Contact Us TV Listings Justice Network More... Closed Captioning ABC News Player TEGNA Foundation Lottery Numbers More About Us Privacy Terms Ad Choices Community Rules Connect With Us ABC Player Conversation Guidelines FAQ FCC Public Inspection File Newsletters RSS Text Alerts Survey More © 2017 WVEC-TV Services Advertise With Us WVEC Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners ABC Career Builder Justice Network Cars.com Norfolk Site Relevance Date Search
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Google points out everyone's terrible spelling, and then misspells a word Sasha Lekach Mashable•May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos While Scripps National Spelling Bee this week tries to convince us that America can spell, Google has the state-by-state breakdown to prove otherwise. SEE ALSO: California State University's grad stole features a pretty brutal spelling error The search engine revealed Tuesday which word comes up the most when people type in, "How to spell..." and the results are something else.  America's most misspelled words - it's #spellingbee week and we mapped top "how to spell" searches by state#dataviz pic.twitter.com/oHkRHj8Eku — GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) May 30, 2017 The results are telling — Wisconsin looks up how to spell their own state name the most, while New Hampshire is worried about diarrhea and getting that right. @GoogleTrends "Wisconsin" being the most misspelled word in Wisconsin is perfect. — Jamison Stoltz (@EditorStoltz) May 30, 2017 @GoogleTrends Diorrh... diahrr... dioeri... never mind... — davepaisley (@davepaisley) May 30, 2017 Google itself has some of its own spelling problems to sort out. Its original map spelled Washington D.C.'s most searched word as "nintey," which is definitely not how you spell out the number 90. It was corrected later, along with some incorrect letter counting, with a new map and legend marked as the "one to use."  We've made a few corrections to the legend. This is the one to use pic.twitter.com/0Z8fUlzmHc — GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) May 30, 2017 Helpfully, or embarrassingly, Google broke down the searches by letter-length. Most searches are for six to 10 letter words, like California, New York, Minnesota, Kentucky and Ohio's "beautiful" or Illinois' "appreciate." Good old Pennsylvania really pulled through with "sauerkraut." Some concernedly short search queries were "liar" in Rhode Island and "nanny" in Mississippi. The two longest words hailed from West Virginia and Connecticut (way harder to spell than Wisconsin) and were the same: supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from Mary Poppins. But the best finding was "tomorrow" topping searches in both Arizona and Colorado — but with different letter lengths. In Arizona, searches for the word were six to 10 letters, while in Colorado they were 11 to 19 letters — that's a lot of extra Ms and Rs. @GoogleTrends Interesting how "tomorrow" has eight letters in Arizona and eleven letters in Colorado — ᵖᵉᵗᵉ (@petecasellini) May 30, 2017 Catch the spelling bee finals on Thursday — they'll be on ESPN. Maybe "chihuahua" or "banana" will be the ultimate stumper. But probably not, considering last year's winning words were "gesellschaft" and "Feldenkrais." WATCH: The adaptation differences in the Harry Potter series are wickedly permissible View photos Https%3a%2f%2fblueprint api production.s3.amazonaws.com%2fuploads%2fvideo uploaders%2fdistribution thumb%2fimage%2f1078%2ff21177ad 401d 42fd b7b8 c050a77dcc3aMore Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Ariel Winter Shredded for ‘Tasteless’ Memorial Day Bikini Photo 1,454 reactions5%70%25% Water cannons blast Venezuelan protesters 76 reactions7%76%17% Donald Trump's Weird Typo Becomes The Hot New Word Everyone Is Using 599 reactions4%72%24% Lindsey Vonn Posted An Unfortunate Instagram Hours After Tiger Woods Arrest 451 reactions6%74%20% Ramadan celebrations around the world 117 reactions4%69%27% 6-year-old girl competes in Scripps National Spelling Bee Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 85 reactions5%79%16% Report: LaVar Ball turned down $10 million shoe contracts for his son Lonzo 2,261 reactions5%68%27% Girl defeats body-shamers by wearing everything people said she shouldn't 2,842 reactions10%58%32% Size 12 Woman Asks H&M to Solve Its ‘Absolutely Ridiculous’ Sizing Policy 754 reactions5%71%24% ISIS-linked group under heavy fire in the Philippines as civilians flee 139 reactions5%76%19% 'The Leftovers' co-creator, stars reflect on series as finale approaches Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 69 reactions9%65%26% Man who killed 4 people sentenced to death in Nebraska 792 reactions6%75%19% Pelley out as 'CBS Evening News' anchor 193 reactions5%71%24% Artist Protests 'Fearless Girl' By Installing Urinating Dog At Her Feet 4,177 reactions7%62%31% Kathy Griffin apologizes for beheaded Trump photo: 'I crossed the line' Bob: Everyday, Liberal's prove they are hands down the most hateful people in our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #ChampionsTrophy #NarendraModi #Saharanpur #SachinABillionDreams #MumbaiIndians #ManchesterAttack #GST #AAP #RealEstateAct #KulbhushanJadhav Home / Mumbai / Mumbai: When supercop Google caught a killer! Mumbai: When supercop Google caught a killer! — By Diwakar Sharma | May 31, 2017 07:15 am FOLLOW US: Mumbai: Siddhant Ganore, who stabbed his mother to death on May 24, would have been roaming freely if he hadn’t committed a cardinal mistake. Being a cop’s son, he knew carrying a mobile was never a good idea when on the run. So, he fled Mumbai without a cell phone. But, when he reached Jaipur he bought a smartphone and a sim card. He switched it on. The phone prompted him to load his gmail account to access the Internet. He did what the phone ordered. As soon as he logged in his personal details, cops knew exactly where he was, thanks to Google which pinpointed his location. “Google is the super cop. It helped us track Siddhant’s location,” a senior crime branch official told The Free Press Journal. “Siddhant purchased a new Android cell phone and a SIM card in Jaipur. Since Android devices require gmail account to be set up before its use, he followed the orders. That was endgame for him,” the crime branch official said. Also Read: Mumbai: Sheena Bora cop’s wife killed by son, draws smiley with blood and writes ‘catch me and hang me’ Siddhant had left Mumbai for Jaipur after stabbing his mother to death and drawing a smiley with her blood with the message ‘Tired of her. Catch me and hang me.’ Dipali’s body was found in a pool of blood after her husband Dyaneshwar Ganore, a Mumbai police officer who investigated the high-profile Sheena Bora murder case, returned home at Vakola in Santa Cruz (East). The officer said Google was very prompt to respond to queries of the cyber cell in the case. “Google’s executives replied our queries within 10 hours,” he added. After getting Google’s feedback, a three-member team of Mumbai Police flew to Jaipur. “Somehow, Siddhant came to know that police were tracing him in Jaipur. So, he changed his location and left for Jodhpur where he stayed in a hotel near the railway station,” the officer added. Mumbai Crime Branch then took the help of Jodhpur police to track Siddhant. The Jodhpur police detained him on the basis of inputs given by its Mumbai counterpart. Later, Mumbai police team took Siddhant’s custody and brought him to the city. Share this Post: « Previous Article Maharashtra: ‘Land being taken for Samruddhi without consent of farmers’ Next Article » Opposition, get your act together! Tagged with: Google Google helped nailing the killer Mumbai Murder case Siddhant ganore Siddhant Ganore was caught because of Google JUST ARRIVED ‘Beyhadh’ special: Kushal Tandon’s birthday surprise for Jennifer Winget is too cute Crime Patrol: 43% of the newly elected Maharashtra corporators have criminal record Maharashtra State Board class 12 result: The number game Shah Rukh Khan has narrow escape following accident on sets of Anand L Rai’s next Mumbai: Meow Meow drug menace hits colleges, probe reveals shocking details EDITOR’S PICK Tamil Nadu land deals are unravelling Even as the Tamil Nadu government has quietly initiated the process of confiscating properties attached in the disproportionate assets (DA)… Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties in limbo Union Sports Minister Vijay Goel’s categorical assertion that frozen bilateral cricket ties between India and Pakistan will remain frozen for… Mufti needs Centre’s unstinted support The situation in Kashmir is getting worse every day with the misguided and frustrated youth taking to streets and pelting… Opposition, get your act together! Union Environment Minister Anil Madhav Dave passed away in the early hours of May 18, with two momentous decisions still… Beef politics a trigger for deep discord It is unfortunate that inept handling by Central and/or State governments often leads to sensitive and emotive issues coming to… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 144 Plus 1 on G+ 72 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares278 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? D.Smithee *crickets* Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.752s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: The head of the robot car program of the driving company Uber, Anthony Levandowski, speaking at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, 27 February 2017.Andrej Sokolow/Alamy Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Aarian Marshall. Aarian Marshall Transportation Date of Publication: 05.30.17. 05.30.17 Time of Publication: 9:18 pm. 9:18 pm Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On The head of the robot car program of the driving company Uber, Anthony Levandowski, speaking at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, 27 February 2017.Andrej Sokolow/Alamy On Tuesday Uber fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of its legal battle with Waymo, Google’s self-driving car company. Uber said Levandowski failed to cooperate with the company’s internal investigation into allegations asserted in a lawsuit Waymo brought against Uber: mainly, that Levandowski, who previously worked at Google and spent years working on the company’s robocar effort, stole reams of intellectual property before he quit in early 2016, and that when he joined Uber six months later, used the illicit know-how to advance his new employer’s technology. But dropping the embattled engineer, one of the preeminent players in the nascent self-driving car industry, doesn’t mean Uber’s in the clear. “This is not a positive development for Uber,” says John Marsh, an attorney with the law firm Bailey Cavalieri who specializes in trade secret litigation. “In a perfect world, they would have been able to persuade Levandowski to come clean and demonstrate that there’s nothing there”—that he didn’t take 14,000 documents full of IP, that Uber did proper due diligence while hiring a competitor’s former employee, and that no Waymo intellectual property made its way into Uber’s self-driving tech, as Waymo’s bombshell lawsuit has alleged. Uber Moves Aarian Marshall and Alex Davies The Scariest Threats to Uber’s Future, From Waymo to Money Worries Cade Metz Uber Hires an AI Superstar in the Quest to Rehab Its Future Dan Solomon One Year After Fleeing Austin, Uber and Lyft Prepare a Fresh Invasion The severance caps off what must be an exceedingly uncomfortable few months for both Levandowski and Uber. It started in February when Waymo accused Uber of stealing its self-driving car technology. In quick order, Uber found itself in court and Levandowski was invoking his Fifth Amendment rights, refusing to answer most questions related to the dispute, a sign he and his team of laywers believed criminal charges were at play. (Levandowski is not a defendant in the Waymo suit, but retains his own counsel.) Uber then barred the engineer from working on projects related to lidar, a sophisticated technology that helps self-driving cars see—and the one Waymo says ended up in Uber’s own autonomous vehicles. Judge William Alsup of the Northern District of California, who is overseeing the case, officially ordered Levandowski off those projects earlier this month. Alsup then made the very unusual move of referring the trade secrets case to the Department of Justice for a possible criminal investigation. Ultimately, Uber firing Levandowski does not protect the company from the explosive charges of the lawsuit. “The litigation concerns activities that took place in the past, and whether or not Uber did anything improper or was part of anything improper in connection with Levandowski joining Uber,” says Phil Bezanson, a defense attorney with the law firm Bracewell. During a May hearing, Uber lawyers did not not push back against Waymo assertions that Levandowski stole 14,000 documents off of Google’s server, asserting instead that no record of those documents had made it to Uber’s system. But even if Uber did not knowingly permit Levandowski to use swiped tech in its self-driving designs, legal experts say simply being negligent and sloppy enough to let those ideas seep into its work could be grounds for a loss in court. Advanced Lawyering Though Uber’s decision to fire Levandowski will not shield it from Waymo’s complaint, it is a sign of some high level lawyerly strategery. Earlier this month, Judge Alsup demanded Uber produce a comprehensive record of its investigations into the Waymo matter by June 23, a gargantuan task that requires the legal team to dig up and organize every document and record related to Levandowski and the company’s own lidar projects. By firing the engineer before that report is due, Uber demonstrates to the court, ‘Hey, man, we’re really trying here.’ “[The firing] is a matter of necessity,” says Marsh. “In order to ensure that they’re in compliance, they need to demonstrate to the court that they’ve done everything in their power to persuade, cajole or compel Levandowski to cooperate.” Now, Uber has hit the nuclear option: termination. There might be another dynamic at play here, and that’s a possible criminal investigation into Levandowski’s alleged trade theft. When Judge Alsup recommended this case to the Department of Justice, it was a rare move—and a signal that Waymo has compelling evidence that the engineer walked off with documents he shouldn’t have. If Levandowski had remained with the company, “the government could take a pretty dim view of that and say, ‘Uber, you didn’t push as hard as you possibly could to get him to share information with you,’” says Bracewell. “Now Uber can say, ‘We tried everything we could and he didn’t cooperate, so we fired him.’” It appears this case has reached its cover-your-butt phase. “Uber is in a very potentially dangerous situation,” says Peter Toren, an intellectual property lawyer and former Department of Justice attorney. Uber and Levandowski are now no longer on the same side, he says: “They’ve made the decision now that getting rid of Levandowski to go outside the tent is worth the risk.” As the federal probe looms, it’s definitely a risk. “Now he’s in it for himself to do anything he possibly can to be [not] be the fall guy in the criminal investigation,” says Toren. While Uber lawyers play poker, Waymo’s legal team still has a lot of work to do. At a hearing earlier this month, Alsup indicated the Google spinoff hadn’t sufficiently connected the dots between what Levandowski allegedly stole and the technology that Uber now uses in its self-driving vehicles. “I’ve given you lots of discovery, and so far you don’t have any smoking gun,” he told Waymo lawyers. That trove of Uber documents due June 23 could clarify things—or not at all. Either way, this very messy self-driving tech case just got way messier. Related Video Science Robots & Us: When Machines Take the Wheel Autonomous driving technology could make getting around safer, more efficient, and less expensive. What will it mean for the millions of people who drive for a living and is it really ready for the road? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. corporate espionage Self-Driving Cars Uber Waymo Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone Phones The Father of Android Is Back, and He’s Built the Anti-iPhone David Pierce Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs Chips Intel’s New Processors Are Built For the High-Powered Future of PCs Brian Barrett One Man’s Quest to Make 20-Year-Old Rum in Just Six Days Science One Man’s Quest to Make 20-Year-Old Rum in Just Six Days Wayne Curtis Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On crises Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Aarian Marshall Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test military tech Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test Brian Barrett Get Ready for Skyscrapers Made of Wood. (Yes, Wood) Design Get Ready for Skyscrapers Made of Wood. (Yes, Wood) Liz Stinson The Unflinching, Unfinished Battle Royale That’s Entrancing Gamers Gaming The Unflinching, Unfinished Battle Royale That’s Entrancing Gamers Julie Muncy Why Netflix’s Best New Comedies Are Way Less Binge-Friendly TV Why Netflix’s Best New Comedies Are Way Less Binge-Friendly Charley Locke More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation Auto Tomorrow’s Cars Won’t Just Drive Themselves. They’ll Feel Different Brett Berk Transportation Lawyers, Not Ethicists, Will Solve the Robocar ‘Trolley Problem’ Aarian Marshall military tech Don’t Read Too Much Into That Successful Missile Defense Test Aarian Marshall Where—and When—You’ll Find America’s Worst Traffic This Memorial Day Weekend Aarian Marshall Roads California’s Daunting Plan to Clean Up the Big Sur Landslide—And Stop the Next One Aarian Marshall crises Uber Fired Its Robocar Guru, But Its Legal Fight With Google Goes On Aarian Marshall We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 11 hours That galaxy may be far, far away, but the future of Star Wars isn't. Here are the latest rumors: bit.ly/2rBqq1k Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Accessories Image Source: Marques Brownlee, YouTube You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case Maren Estrada May 30th, 2017 at 7:09 PM Share Tweet If you think the battery life on your Google Pixel XL is impressive now, wait until you get your hands on an ICONIC Google Pixel XL Battery Case. This well-reviewed case fits perfectly on your phone and adds a whopping 5,000 mAh to the Pixel XL’s already sizable 2,770 mAh internal battery. Depending on your usage, the two batteries will combine to let you go for as long as three days without having to plug in your phone to charge. The typical $60 price on Amazon is more than fair for a case that’ll give you that kind of battery performance, but use the coupon code 46EEXWF7 at checkout between now and June 30, and your price will drop to just $47.99. Here are a few key details from the product page: [COMPATIBLE WITH GOOGLE PIXEL XL]: Premium design for Google pixel xl. Simply put your phone into the case and press the charge button for 2 seconds to start / stop charging. [DOUBLED BATTERY LIFE]: Built with powerful 5000mAh High Capacity Li-polymer Rechargeable Battery. Doubles the battery life with 14 + hours talk time or 10+ hours web browsing time. [FULL PROTECTION]: 360° comprehensive bumper + hard-shell backplate protect you phone from scratches and daily damage. Intelligent charging IC protects your phone safe in peace. [DUAL CHARGING COMPATIBLE]: Charging Google pixel xl battery and case battery simultaneously. Connect wall charger to the battery case with your pixel xl at night, both the phone and case battery will be fully charged in the morning. [WHAT YOU GET]: Battery Case, User Manual, + Complimentary Hassle Free Satisfaction Guarantee, contact ICONIC Customer Service directly whenever you have issue and we will provide replacement promptly! Pixel XL Battery Case, ICONIC Google Pixel XL Charger Case 5000 mAh (5.5inch) External Portable… $47.99 From Amazon | Use code 46EEXWF7 by 6/30 BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Follow @BGRDeals on Twitter to keep up with the latest and greatest deals we find around the web. BGR Deals content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and BGR may receive a commission on purchases made through our posts. Tags: BGR Deals View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You Google Search just got a lot more personal By Chris Smith 19 hours ago New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Amazon’s 12 best daily deals: $10 off Echo Dot, glowing fidget spinners, video doorbell, more By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is offering up to $10,000 to developers making Google Assistant actions Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 5:40pm PDTMay 29, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 75 Share on Twitter Total Shares203 Google News Actions on Google is the name for third-party services on Google Assistant, which was opened up to developers back in December. There is no shortage of Actions available, but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once. Google wants developers to create compelling features for Assistant, so the company has started a competition with various monetary and physical rewards. There are quite a few prize categories, ranging from 'Best app by students' to 'Best life hack.' Google will chose three overall winners, with first place winning tickets to Google I/O 2018, $10,000, and a walk-through of Google's campus. Second place will win $7,500 and a Google Home, and third will get $5,000 plus a Google Home. Of course, this isn't a brand new contest - it was announced at Google I/O. To enter, developers will need to create an Action and submit it by August 31. The winner will be chosen sometime in Q4 2017. You can find more information at the source link below, and if you plan to enter, I wish you the best of luck. Source: Google Developers Via: Ian Lake (Google+) Tags Actions on Google competition Google google assistant prize subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on ... ... Next Story YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dana Nice way to motivate developers into making assistant more useful👍 Indefinite Implosion I'm a glad at least one person is positive. Good day to you! 4Ui812 'Best life hack.' I hate that fucking term. Now I think I understand why Google has been producing buggy software lately. They're to busy trying to find the 'Best life hack.' PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Creating solutions for problems that don't exist is difficult. Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de91c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de91c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs381ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de91c:....,.... Teja You don't know that its a problem until you come across it. Problems do exist, we just have to figure out where they are. Ed. Blake AI can make old peoples life so much better if it can do more then show the news/wheater and actually comprehend a context and interact with the OS/apps. alexg No one cares about ML Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept - G Assistant or Siri. Still pretty unreliable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especially with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree / https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/add-quick-event-to-calendar-using-single-text-line/id1182758447?mt=8 Imparus Great spam marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/spam.gif Paul Smith "but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once" Ditto for Alexa skills. A huge buzzword, but essentially empty. I think Google Assistant has more legs than Alexa, simply because Google speech recognition and understanding is so much more advanced. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what gets done, we probably won't get said features in the UK.. Still, at least we can ask it what the weather is. thezero4 The developers of Plex should get in on this. If Plex started working with assistant/home with integration to the chromecast it would be a shoe-in. Randroid I would LOVE to be able to say "Play (Movie or TV Show) in the living room" and have it play from Plex to my Chromecast. Even if I have to add the word "Plex" into that command, I'd still be OK with it. Like "Play (Movie or TV Show) from Plex..." Nick Coad Completely agree with you, great idea! Ed. Blake Yeah is kinda boring to have an AI only to show the news and wheater. A have an twitter account and an wheater homescreen widget for that. reggjoo Oh, good. Now there will be other ways to break my assistant. A month ago, update broke my "always on" voice feature, then my "from any screen" setting was gone. The only thing I got left is activating it from the home screen. What happened to velvet.apk? Watch out for upgrade time, if something's not right, as far as google sees it, they'll break you features, with no warning. adam seymour so if i made a action to make google fart they would pay me $10,000 what a age we live in AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I hope they do something similar for Android Wear. I just invested in my first wear watch and I'm looking forward to seeing what the next year brings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 249 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Google Maps v9.26.1 Adds Search Along Route For Walking And Bicycling, Changes Driving Mode FABs, Adds New Settings, And More [APK Teardown + Download] 2016/05/30 6:00am PDTMay 30, 2016 105 2 Years Ago Today The Updated Google Now Launcher In Android M Has Horizontally Scrollable Folders 2015/05/30 4:06pm PDTMay 30, 2015 180 3 Years Ago Today Future Versions Of Android Are Likely To Block System Write Access Outside Of Recovery, Even To Root Users 2014/05/30 7:22pm PDTMay 30, 2014 19 4 Years Ago Today Thursday App/Game Sales: Draw A Stickman, Clone Camera, Magicka, Crazy Machines, Call Notes Pro, And Rebuild [Update] 2013/05/30 7:36pm PDTMay 30, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Renaissance Blood THD Arrives In The Play Store, Brings Dynamic Rail Shooter Action To Tegra 3 Devices 2012/05/30 8:59pm PDTMay 30, 2012 28 6 Years Ago Today Sign Up To Test Out v1.6 Of The Android Facebook App And Gain Access To Pages, Video Uploads, Comment Liking, And Bug Fixes 2011/05/30 11:07pm PDTMay 30, 2011 4 7 Years Ago Today Froyo Ported To The EVO 4G! 2010/05/30 8:20pm PDTMay 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 425 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 107 queries | 0.435s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tech Startup News, Events & Resources menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs New Report on the State of Inbound Marketing Shows Growing Concerns Marketing Adam Rowe @AdamRRowe May 30, 2017 12:50 pm 0 Shares In the fast-paced world of internet media, it’s easy to wind up on the wrong side of a new update or algorithm tweak. For most tweaks, there’s no need to worry. But when Google or Facebook make a change, thousands of smaller internet companies, from media to ecommerce, suffer the consequences. That’s never been more clear than in 2017: We’ve seen publishers calling foul over unexplained dips in Facebook traffic and websites try to boost conversions with the help of Google Analytics. We’ve even seen calls for Twitter to add platform tweaks in order to deal with its troll problem. Now, a new study confirms that inbound marketers are working harder than ever and are even less sure of their future. Here are the most relevant statistics that marketing and sales platform Hubspot noted in their State of Inbound 2017 report, which drew on data from over 6,000 respondents. 63 Percent Say the Top Challenge Is Generating Traffic and Leads Getting eyes on webpages is the primary concern for the large majority of the inbound marketers and sales teams that Hubspot surveyed. “The write-in responses show marketers are facing a very wide swath of issues,” the study says, “from figuring out strategy to social conversion to analytics to staffing.” Since it’s listed as a top challenge, getting traffic is presumably one of the tougher tasks inbound teams face. But don’t take my word for it: Check out this next stat. 38 Percent Say Getting a Response From Prospects Is Getting More Difficult One change in 2017: how tough it is to reach those who can connect you with engaged third-party audiences. The impact is a loss in deals, as indicated by the biggest sales goal for the upcoming year. 70 percent of sales respondents have the primary goal of closing more deals in 2017, a task that many agree has gotten tougher over the last two or three years. Paid Marketing Is Really Overrated 32 percent of respondents saw paid marketing as the most overrated marketing tactic — a big leap over the second most overrated tactic, which was social media organic at 13 percent. Marketers don’t agree on a lot in this category, but a significant chunk aren’t enthused with the engagement and long-term results that paid marketing offers. Video Is On the Menu What content distribution channels are teams adding in the next 12 months? Video. 48 percent are going for YouTube, while another 42 percent are opting for Facebook video. Runners-up include Instagram, messaging apps, and podcasts, in that order. Executives Are More Optimistic Than Their Marketing Teams One last downer of a statistic pairs up the opinions of C-level executives with those of their marketing team: 69 percent of C-level executives “believe their organization’s marketing strategy is effective,” the study reports, compared to just 55 percent of individual contributors. That 14-point difference shouldn’t be ignored: Executives should address the gap by investing more in their marketing divisions, or risk seeing that marketer pessimism manifest in a sales slump. Read more tips about marketing strategies at Tech.Co Tags: 2017, Email, Email Marketing, inbound marketing, marketing, sales, Survey, trends Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Adam Rowe Adam is a writer with an interest in a variety of mediums, from podcasts to comic books to video essays to novels to blogging — too many, basically. He's based out of Seattle, and remains a staunch defender of his state's slogan: "sayWA." In his spare time, he recommends articles about science fiction on Twitter, @AdamRRowe 0 Shares - 0 - 0 Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
Diversity menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs Google Refuses to Provide Gender Wage Gap Data Because “It Would Be Too Expensive” Diversity Conor Cawley @ConorCawley May 30, 2017 2:20 pm 0 Shares Google has become one of those companies that sci-fi novelists dream of. With enough data to track everyone person in the world and more control over our daily lives than we like to admit, this tech giant is a villainous monster waiting to happen. However, Google’s unofficial slogan, “Don’t be evil,” has often quelled any fears of wrongdoing in the general public. Unfortunately, those days might be behind us. As the gender wage gap in tech becomes more and more of a problem, The Department of Labor has begun asking companies to provide wage gap data to better inform on their future decisions. And while Google is usually on the right side of history, they claim they are unable to provide the data. The reason? It’s too expensive. “The handful of The Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs’  requests that are the subject of the complaint are overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data, and we’ve made this clear to the OFCCP, to no avail,” a spokesman wrote in a statement. “These requests include thousands of employees’ private contact information which we safeguard rigorously. We hope to continue working with OFCCP to resolve this matter.” From Google’s own perspective, the data collection would cost somewhere in the ballpark of $100,000, along with 500 or so hours of manpower. While that may sound like a lot to someone sitting behind a computer, a company like Google, with an annual income of $28 billion, could manage that fee with one arm tied behind its back. “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water,” said Ian Eliasoph, a lawyer for The Department of Labor. Yes, The Department of Labor has requested data in the past, which has resulted in approximately $500,000 in work and 2,300 hours of manpower from Google. Unfortunately for the big G, no one is going to be sympathetic when it comes to solving the gender wage gap problem, especially when it’s costing you less than a 1/10,000 of a percent of your annual income. The real question is: what is Google so worried about? While companies like Uber have taken substantial hits when revealing diversity data, the world recognizes effort when it sees it. While Uber’s diversity report was nothing if not disappointing, experts and consumers alike commented, “Hey, at least they’re being honest.” At this point in the game, Google’s only Achilles Hell will be a lack of transparency. The world is already wary of the lack of privacy in the world, an effort primarily fostered by Google’s interconnected model. As a result, transparency will be the key to keeping their kingdom in tact. And that starts with divulging information in regards to the gender wage gap, even if it is a little “expensive.” Read more about the need for diversity in tech here on Tech.Co Tags: diversity, gender, gender wage gap, Google, pay, Startups, wage gap Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Conor Cawley Conor is a writer, comedian and world-renowned sweetheart. As the Senior Writer at Tech.Co, he’s written about everything from Kickstarter campaigns and budding startups to tech titans and innovative technologies. His background in stand-up comedy made him the perfect person to host Startup Night at SXSW and the Funding Q&A at Innovate! and Celebrate, posing questions to notable tech minds from around the world. In his spare time, he thinks about how to properly pronounce the word "colloquially." Conor is the Senior Writer at Tech.Co. You can email him at [email protected] . 0 Shares - 0 - 0 Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
Tech Startup News, Events & Resources menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs Google Just Uncovered a Massive Ad Fraud Network in Their App Store Google Adam Rowe @AdamRRowe May 30, 2017 4:30 pm 0 Shares Google just located and removed 41 Android apps — all from a single developer — that secretly included malware in each download. The apps used infected Android phones to auto-click on ads, and the number of downloads makes this possibly the largest mobile ad fraud network Google has ever faced. The malware apps saw between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads, as security company Check Point reports. Check Point was able to report the troublemaking apps, and Google has since removed them from their official app store, Google Play. How It Works Some of the apps had been around for years, but all were consistently updated, meaning that this malware campaign was a resounding success up until now. Here are the full details from the company that cracked the case: “The malware, dubbed ‘Judy,’ is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company. The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. […] We also found several apps containing the malware, which were developed by other developers on Google Play. The connection between the two campaigns remains unclear, and it is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly. The oldest app of the second campaign was last updated in April 2016, meaning that the malicious code hid for a long time on the Play store undetected. These apps also had a large amount of downloads between 4 and 18 million, meaning the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. Similar to previous malware which infiltrated Google Play, such as FalseGuide and Skinner, Judy relies on the communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. After Check Point notified Google about this threat, the apps were swiftly removed from the Play store.” Avoiding Malware Apps The only way to be sure you’re safe is to opt for downloading only the most well-established professional apps. And given some of Uber’s brushes with the Apple Store’s ethical standards that have recently come to light, maybe even the established apps aren’t safe. A full list of the 41 malware apps involved in this incident is available over here, for those interested in finding out if their Android phone has been supporting ad scammers for the last few years. Hint: If ‘Judy’ is in the title of an app you downloaded, you’re in trouble. Tags: ad fraud, android, android security, apps, Google, Google Play, malware, security Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Adam Rowe Adam is a writer with an interest in a variety of mediums, from podcasts to comic books to video essays to novels to blogging — too many, basically. He's based out of Seattle, and remains a staunch defender of his state's slogan: "sayWA." In his spare time, he recommends articles about science fiction on Twitter, @AdamRRowe 0 Shares - 0 - 0 Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Denver Broncos Colorado Rockies Denver Nuggets Colorado Avalanche Colorado Rapids College Sports Outdoors Sports Columnists Preps Preps Scoreboard Golf Motorsports Boxing / MMA Scores and Standings Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Denver Broncos Colorado Rockies Denver Nuggets Colorado Avalanche Colorado Rapids College Sports Outdoors Sports Columnists Preps Preps Scoreboard Golf Motorsports Boxing / MMA Scores and Standings Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video Uber fires star engineer, Anthony Levandowski,… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Girl dies in Montrose ATV crash Hanging Lake Trail temporarily closed Hart to Lamborn: “stay out” of EPA lawsuit Free and cheap Ultimate summer bucket list Business Uber fires star engineer, Anthony Levandowski, at the center of self-driving car battle Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Gene J. Puskar, Associated Press A journalist gets in a self-driving Uber for a ride during a media preview at Uber’s Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh Monday, Sept. 12, 2016. By The Washington Post May 30, 2017 at 7:10 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Colorado Navy SEAL killed when parachute fails to open during Memorial Day demonstration Denver Post statement on Terry Frei Here’s how Colorado’s 9 members of Congress get along (or don’t) with President Trump 1 dead, 1 in custody following shooting near Boulder’s Pearl Street Mall Alamosa’s Lauren Martin, Kenya’s Barnabas Kosgei win Bolder Boulder citizens races Charles Lane: On JFK’s 100th birthday, Donald Trump repudiates his legacy By Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg, The Washington Post SAN FRANCISCO — Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the center of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber’s self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. The company cited his failure to comply with a judge’s request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google’s parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer in driverless cars. Uber said his refusal to hand over those documents — a key piece of evidence in the lawsuit between Uber and Google’s parent company — violated the terms of his employment. Under those terms, Levandowski had to promise that he would not disclose trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. The company said his failure to share the documents hamstrung the company’s internal probe. “Consistent with our agreements with you, your employment is hereby terminated for Cause, and that termination shall become effective 20 days from today,” Uber General Counsel Salle Yoo wrote in the termination letter. “Your failure [to comply with legal requests] impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit.” But Levandowski has cited his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination as a reason why he will not turn over those documents, which reside on his personal computer. In a statement on Tuesday, his lawyers argued that a person cannot be fired for invoking one’s Fifth Amendment rights. The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants over a technology many believe could transform transportation in the United States. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Waymo, the eight-year-old self-driving car program launched by Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Two years ago, Uber began developing self-driving cars on its own. Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick called the program “existential” to the company’s future because it could dramatically lower labor costs. To shore up the effort, Uber brought in Levandowski, after acquiring his months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Related Articles May 27, 2017 Mother of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick killed in boat accident May 23, 2017 Uber admits stiffing NYC drivers by millions of dollars May 21, 2017 Man posing as Uber driver in Rhode Island charged with sexual assaults May 19, 2017 Uber’s future may rely on predicting what you’re willing to pay May 12, 2017 Judge asks federal prosecutors to investigate Uber in trade secret case  Levandowski’s firing represents Uber’s latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken the ride-sharing company, analysts said. Uber has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy — his mother was killed and his father was seriously injured in a boating accident. Some legal analysts said Uber may also be trying to regain the good graces of the U.S. District Court in San Francisco, which is hearing Alphabet’s lawsuit against Uber. Until now the company had defended and protected Levandowski, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. Uber replaced Levandowski as head of its driverless division in April before firing him Tuesday. The company is trying to show that it is “doing everything in its power to comply with the court ruling,” said Christopher Broderick, an attorney focusing on trade secrets issues with Manatt, Phelps, and Phillips LLP. Levandowski is not personally being sued. The lawsuit between the two tech giants hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Uber has denied wrongdoing in the case. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an all-staff email on Tuesday. In May, a district judge dealt a further blow to Uber when he referred the trade secrets case to the U.S. attorney’s office for criminal investigation. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer and bring them to Uber. But Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber’s decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Tags:  driverless cars Google More Business News self-driving cars Uber Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% More in Business CVS opens first retail pharmacy in Colorado, two more locations coming this summer May 30, 2017, 8:54 pm CVS opened its first standalone retail pharmacy in Colorado on Tuesday, and more are already on the way. Denver’s Janus Capital Group surrenders independence May 30, 2017, 6:33 pm Janus Capital Group is now officially part of Janus Henderson Group plc. Windsor could get the world’s largest sports park May 31, 2017, 12:43 am Local developers announced Tuesday their intention to build a sports park in Windsor that would have no rival worldwide. British Airways debacle puts spotlight on airlines’ old IT systems, cuts May 31, 2017, 12:17 am The catastrophic IT failure at British Airways that ruined travel plans for 75,000 people has raised questions about some older airlines’ focus on costs to the detriment of investment in new computer systems. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent late night tweet as Spicer makes today's press briefing off camera following Tuesday's debacle Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a welcoming party for him Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and raising security fears (and only Trudeau has phoned him) CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of nearly 40 percent of the produce they buy Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY healthy? Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the family home' after taking the $11,900-a-month apartment off the market 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal the worst Tinder dates they have ever been on Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping charges Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road on Memorial Day 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses magazine publisher of 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge police response after he tried to commit suicide by cop Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals lurking in popular products from foundation to lip gloss Dozens are feared dead and hundreds more injured in massive suicide car bomb attack in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled words Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she found out that he was meant to be in her audience this week Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept outside the city and away from his victims  That's a royally big surprise! Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi before boarding a sea plane as they continue their honeymoon in Australia Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton's $800 Kate Spade dress billows in the bitterly cold Sydney wind - as she appears to question her summer attire Sydney’s royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT twenty years after the teacher spent seven years in prison for sleeping with the student, 12, then married him after her release and had two children  Previous Next How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled words 'Beautiful' is California's top misspelled word Those in Oregon can't spell 'sense' while Texans struggle with 'maintenance'  Those in Massachusetts have problem spelling their own state's name  Data was released in honor of the 90th National Scripps Spelling Bee By James Gordon For Dailymail.com Published: 21:23 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 02:37 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail 80 shares 90 View comments Words often don't come easy, especially when it requires writing them down. Google has released the definitive list of search queries that Americans most frequently ask how to spell, and depending on the state they live, some words are more troublesome than others. The search engine giant compiled data from its search trends to reveal the top words with a number of surprising appearances. Words such as 'chaos,' 'pneumonia' and 'diarrhea' which do not sound as they are spelled frequently reach the top of the list. Google gathered data from its search trends to reveal the top words American's ask 'how to spell' in each of the 50 US states - and most are commonly used words However, other words such as 'nanny', 'college' and even 'gray' are problems for a number of states.  The release of the data coincides with the 90th annual Scripps National Spelling Bee at National Harbor in Maryland, where nearly 300 students are competing for a trophy and $40,000 cash prize. To honor the event, Google has dug into its own database to see how good Americans are at their own spelling.  New offenders include 'appreciate', 'patient', 'surprise' and 'available'. Interestingly, those living Wisconsin have a problem spelling their own state's name. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Incredible moment baby kangaroo learns to stand for the... Say cheese! Zebra 'bursts out laughing' when an American... Share this article Share 'Beautiful' appears to be a problem for Californian's while those living in New Mexico can't spell 'banana'. Texas are not a fan of 'maintenance' while 'sense' doesn't make sense in Oregon 'Nanny' is tricky in Mississippi, but 'gray' proves to be a challenge in Georgia. In Tennesee 'chaos' is messy to spell but Rhode Islanders find 'liar' equally as tough to write 'Beautiful' appears to be especially difficult for Californians, while those living in Arizona struggle with 'tomorrow.'  'Chihuahua' is a hard one for South Carolinians while 'sauerkraut' stumps those in Pennsylvania. 'Beautiful' is also troublesome for New Yorkers. Those from Rhode Island find the need to look up 'liar' in order to spell it right.  Alaska has trouble with 'schedule' while Hawaiian's find it hard to spell out 'people'.  291 elementary- and middle-schoolers compete in the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee gather at a convention center in Oxon Hill, Maryland. The test determines There were also some odd words that made the cut. New Mexico was found to have the most spelling queries for 'banana', Indianans struggle with 'hallelujah'  New Jerseyans stumble with 'February', Tennessee with 'chaos' and North Carolinians with 'angel'.  Other words that were frequently seen throughout the map of 'America's Top Spelling Mistakes' are 'appreciate', 'license', 'disease', 'priority' and 'supercalifragilisticexpialidocious' - but for that, one can be forgiven. Read more: You Won¿t Believe The Questions Each State Googles More Than Any Other State ¿ Estately Blog Share or comment on this article e-mail 80 shares Most watched News videos Kathy Griffin issues an apology for offensive Trump picture Alligator goes into a death roll as it's removed from pool Princeton prof blasts ‘racist, sexist megalomaniac’ Trump Scuffle between rowdy man and security guard ends in shooting Jeremy Joseph Christian makes first public court appearance Kumail Nanjiani to grads: Have sex with an immigrant Disturbing moment Portland stabbing suspect begs cops to shoot him Trump speaks with mothers of fallen soldiers during Arlington visit High school student goes on profanity-laced rant at a teacher 'Rolling Thunder' bikers pays tribute to those who served. Staff Sgt Ricky Best gives a video greeting from Afghanistan Hilarious moment tiny puppy pushes its friend down flight of stairs Mike Flynn to hand over subpoenaed documents to Senate... Mike Pence to spend summer campaigning in Republican... Golf legend Jack Nicklaus says his friend Tiger Woods... Bill O'Reilly blames his firing from Fox on a culture... US Coast Guard member charged with 'attacking a... Now Senate Intel committee is focusing its Russia probe... Jared rejects calls from White House insiders to 'lay... New Jersey town must pay an Islamic group $3.25million... USAA REINSTATES its ads on Hannity after veterans... Revealed: How white supremacist was shot in the EYE by... Crazed, drunk passenger who 'locked himself in a bathroom... Lebanon calls for Wonder Woman film to be BANNED because... Man arrested for 'kidnapping and murdering two women... Ex-Guantanamo Bay inmate is arrested after being linked... Drunk mom 'threw beer cans out of the window of her car... Dallas Cowboys $10million cornerback Nolan Carroll is... Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was... Precious packages: Frugal US parents 'mailed' their... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 91 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves     DON'T MISS Body art! Model Behati Prinsloo gets new tattoo on her forearm and shares the process in Instagram video Her camera captured her grimace Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram 'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split In the rapper's defense  Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Bright colors, a koala purse and Mickey Mouse flats: A look at Rebel Wilson's quirky ensembles during her defamation trial against Australian magazine Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut face as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight after leaving Cannes Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Bling queen! Blac Chyna shows off her new ear piercing and diamond tooth in a series of Snapchats Feeling snap happy with her new jewelery Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning 'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down star The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot Rebel Wilson wears a pair of Mickey Mouse-inspired heels to court a day after insisting Walt Disney is her uncle - as she denies claims she lied about her age  'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart 'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick No hangover here! Hilary Duff enjoys a play date with son Luca following wild night out with Lea Michele Visited a farmers market in Studio City 'Blacked out by 12pm': Snooki pours herself a vodka drink on Memorial Day weekend boat trip with hubby The mother-of-two knows how to party  Super dad! Mario Lopez reveals his rock hard physique as he plays with his kids on Cabo vacation Enjoying a beach day with his family Going Overboard! Anna Faris is a dead ringer for Goldie Hawn as she films remake of 1987 comedy Filming the movie in British Columbia Today's headlines Most Read 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media... 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe'': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent,... Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a... Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and... CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of... Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY... Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the... 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal... Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping... Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road... 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day publisher of 'bullying and... 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is... Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge... Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she... Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals... At least 50 are dead and 300 injured in massive suicide car bomb attack near British embassy in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled... Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she... Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept... A flying visit! A beaming Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews enjoy lunch at stunning Sydney... Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton struggles to contain her $800 Kate Spade summer dress on honeymoon as it... Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite -... Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her... Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had... 'You did the right thing staying with your grandsons ': Incredible moment a 'shaking' Queen was comforted by... The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second brave battle with cancer: Olivia... Explained: Olivia Newton-John's new cancer diagnosis - from survival rates to treatment methods EXCLUSIVE: 'They haven't accused me of anything. I have nothing to hide.' British husband at center of FBI... MORE HEADLINES 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president Student, 21, is found 'raped, stabbed and strangled to death' in South Africa as dramatic footage shows police chase down her suspected killers  Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her student, 12, and having his two children is single as pair separate after 20 years Mystery as two North Koreans are found dead in the same Moscow hotel after BOTH suffering 'acute heart failure' as two more are rushed to hospital 'What's the biggest whale you've harpooned?' Man live streams sex with a woman while making degrading comments about her weight to a men's Facebook group with 14,000 members Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR prescription drugs when he was arrested for DUI: Golf star told cops he 'didn't know where he was' - but had NO alcohol in system  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer’s Memorial Day DUI arrest The tragic moment a teenage hiker jumped into a raging river and was swept away never to be seen again is released on video as a body is found Married Texas principal who killed himself in high school parking lot 'had been confronted about claims of an affair with his female secretary' Woman, 19, is sentenced to death by stoning for adultery after she was 'raped at gunpoint by her cousin' in Pakistan  EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance to make amends and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demands she pay back $87k credit card debt Speed hump! Two camels cause a massive traffic jam in the desert by mating in the middle of a motorway in Dubai Sean Spicer abruptly LEAVES White House briefing amid reporter revolt over attack on 'fake news' reports that rely on anonymous sources Clinton the Third? Chelsea fuels speculation she will run for office with children's book 'She Persisted,' appearance on 'Today' and finely tuned public profile A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  'The president has a magnetic personality and amazing ability to make people feel special': Trump aide mocked for a response worthy of 'North Korea' to report revealing how he insults aides MS-13 girl 'lured an 18-year-old man to a park with the promise of sex before four gang members stabbed him to death 153 TIMES' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Digging it a little too much! Naked man climbs excavator on a Florida highway and starts masturbating in front of laughing drivers Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had been stolen and driven into the ground earlier in the year' and 'hugely dangerous above 37mph' Top tennis player, 21, is banished from French Open after trying to grab and kiss female reporter on the neck live on air What has Trump's White House got to party about? Mystery 'disco' lights on the second floor spark a flurry of speculation... but a passing ambulance is to blame EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL for illegal construction of his 'Starship Enterprise' mansion Stranger buys $350 plane ticket for 19-year-old Army soldier so he can be with his family on Memorial Day Horrified mother finds her six-month-old son's casket floating in a dirty puddle ABOVE the ground when she visits his grave in Tennessee - just nine days after he was buried  Hero homeless man who rushed to save victims of the Manchester bomb is reunited with his mother...but he's still living rough despite £50,000 being raised to help him 'No one knows what happened to me': Missing girl who vanished in 1984 'takes over' Florida sheriff's Twitter account in eerie stunt to try to revive her cold case Trump communications director Mike Dubke RESIGNS three months after he accepted White House messaging job MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Mobile Android O Name Is Oreo: Release Date, Features & What We Know So Far By Necta Casiple on May 31, 2017 09:26 AM PHOTOGRAPH: YouTube/PR75K | As expected, we learned more details about the next version of Google’s mobile operating system, dubbed Android O for now, at the annual Google I/O developer conference last week.  It is the eighth version of the OS (Android 8.0), and even though the company already revealed some features in the developer preview that launched earlier this year, there’s a whole bunch of new goodies that Google showcased at the show. To keep you updated, we rounded up what we know below, including the Android O name, features, and release date. Android O Name Is Oreo? Google hasn’t announced the official name of Android O at the conference, however there were some clues that screams Oreo is what exactly the next version of the OS will be called. According to TechRadar, Oreos were among the snacks that were served at Google’s press room. The publication says “It’s one of a handful of snacks, but really stands out among the pack.” The tech giant did not open up a name voting to the public as well. At the annual conference last year, we can recall Android fans had the opportunity to pick the name of Android N. However, this year, there wasn’t even a peep about holding an Android O naming contest and it could be because Google already settled in a name which could very well be the world’s favorite cookie. After all, the OS maker already collaborated with Nabisco for the mobile-based ‘Oreo Space Dunk Challenge’ game. Not to mention, Google’s Hiroshi Lockheimer’s teases on Twitter. @dcseifert ? pic.twitter.com/u8nMzjTIO1 — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) February 20, 2017 Android O name wild cards include Android Oatmeal Cookie and Android Orange. Android O Features Android users can expect a lot of updates when the roll out of version 8.0 starts later this year. These includes the following: Picture-in-picture suport to all third-party video apps. This lets users continue watching a video in the corner of the screen while simultaneously browsing another app. Autofill extenstion to third-party apps.  If you have your password and username saved in Google, credentials will be filled automatically after opting in and opening an app. Notification Dots. Tiny dots appear on an app icon as alerts roll in. You can long-press the dot and see the notification right from the home screen instead of launching the app first or pullong down the notifications menu. Notification Channels to sort through notifications of a specific type. Adaptive icons that customizes app logos in  theoperating system to look more uniform across devices. WiFi Aware to transfer files over a wifi connection without the need for an internet connection. Background execution limits on how much apps can run in the background to protect battery life and free up memory. Google Play Protect that will scans devices on a regular basis in addition to scanning every app users will install to protect against malware. New emojis Redesigned Settings menu and revamped file manager. Android O Release Date During its I/O keynote, Google said the latest version would come later ‘in the summer’ which is the same timeframe it gave last year with Nougat. As previously reported, we’ll likely see the final version launch late August or early September. It should be followed by upgrades on Google devices, with Android O also set to feature on Google’s 2017 flagship, the forthcoming Pixel 2. In the meantime, patrons can download the Android O beta which is already available for download today. Note, though, that the build is still unstable, so we advise not installing it on your primary device. Eligible Devices As reported previously, the same handsets which can download the Android O developer preview will likely be the first ones to receive the final version. They are Nexus 5, Nexus 6P, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. All devices released not more than three years ago should be able to get the next Android update too but with varying release dates. If you have a recent flagship phone or tablet from a well-known brand like Sony, HTC, LG, or Samsung, it’s likely you’ll receive the OTA update within the first few months of 2018. Then again, it depends if the hardware manufacturer and mobile operator are already geared up to roll it out, which can slow things down. Also Read: Android O Pixel Launcher APK Released (Unofficial) Android O Name Is Oreo: Release Date, Features & What We Know So Far May 31st, 2017Necta Casiple 1 Share Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:Android 8.0, Android O Features, android o name Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Android OS Names: After Nougat, What Could O’s Possible Name & Features Be? Android O Name Is Orange? All The Details We Know So Far Google Releases Android O Developer’s Preview: Top 10 Features To Look Forward To Product ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard No Stick Shooter (App) Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Ninite About the author Necta Casiple Featured Mafia 3 Stones Unturned Review: Fan Impressions From The Three-Hour Expansion The Surge Update 1.03 Fixes Progression Issues, Removes Tech Scrap Farm Glitch, And More Street Fighter 5 Update 1.10 Possibly Reveals The Next DLC Fighter Mafia 3 Stones Unturned Review: Fan Impressions From The Three-Hour Expansion Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Uber fires head of self-driving unit over trade secrets lawsuit by Waymo Anthony Levandowski is accused of stealing trade secrets when he left Google last year. By Mike Bambach   |   May 30, 2017 at 8:55 PM Follow @upi Comments May 30 (UPI) -- Rideshare company Uber has fired the leader of its self-driving vehicle program as the result of an ongoing lawsuit with a competing firm that involves trade secrets, officials said Tuesday. In an email to employees, Uber said it dismissed engineer Anthony Levandowski, who headed the company's Advanced Technologies Group after leaving Google early last year. Levandowski's dismissal is the result of a legal battle between Uber and Waymo, the self-driving technology project previously owned by Google until it spun off six months ago. In the lawsuit, Waymo accused Uber of using trade secrets taken by Levandowski when he left Google, where he similarly worked on its self-driving project before it turned into Waymo. Waymo claims Levandowski downloaded 14,000 technical files from a company server and used the information to launch autonomous truck startup Otto. Uber acquired Otto a few months later and tapped Levandowski as its vice president of technology. The lawsuit says those technical files included information about lidar, the radar-like system of lasers that creates the digital map self-driving cars need to navigate. The suit has become a high-profile trade secrets case; Uber admits that Levandowski took Waymo documents but says it has not used the company's technology in its own designs. Google has been a pioneer in self-driving technology and has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the project. Uber denied the accusations, but Levandowski declined to comply with a federal judge's order to turn over evidence and testimony, citing the "potential for criminal action". Uber has been unable to convince Levandowski, 37, to cooperate -- and threatened to fire him earlier this month. "Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently," Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in the email to employees. "Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case." Earlier this month, Waymo signed a deal with Uber's top rival Lyft -- the No. 2 rideshare company in the United States -- to develop self-driving cars. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Mother of Uber founder Travis Kalanick dies in boating mishap Uber says it mistakenly underpaid drivers in NYC Uber threatens to fire engineer accused of stealing self-driving secrets Uber facing federal probe for tool that helped evade regulators Comments Topics: Google Trending A look back at Britain's Prince Philip's public life as he retires Next Article Former adviser Flynn to hand over documents for Senate's Russia probe Latest Headlines NASA plans Wednesday announcement of mission to touch sun 2 hours ago ago May 30 (UPI) -- Having reached the moon and outer limits of the solar system, NASA will announce plans Wednesday to touch the sun. Police: Man with fake gun detained at Orlando airport, 'everyone safe' 5 hours ago ago May 30 (UPI) -- A man who pointed what turned out to be a fake gun at police was detained Tuesday night at Florida's Orlando International Airport, officials said. Artist plants sculpture of dog peeing on Wall Street's 'Fearless Girl' 8 hours ago ago May 30 (UPI) -- Another sculpture showed up on Wall Street Tuesday -- a small dog lifting its hind leg for a call of nature on the statue of the "Fearless Girl." Pentagon: U.S. successfully destroys ICBM target in defense test 8 hours ago ago May 30 (UPI) -- The Pentagon said it shot down a mock ballistic missile Tuesday, simulating a scenario they would face if North Korea sends a missile toward the United States. Confederate statue in St. Louis sprayed with graffiti -- again 10 hours ago ago May 30 (UPI) -- For the second time in a week, a prominent Confederate statue in St. Louis has been vandalized with anti-racism graffiti. Trending Stories Pentagon: U.S. successfully destroys ICBM target in defense test Four dead in two Alaska plane crashes Portland mayor wants 'alt-right' rallies shut down after fatal stabbings Australia to ban registered sex offenders from traveling abroad Artist plants sculpture of dog peeing on Wall Street's 'Fearless Girl' PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Let Germany's Robopriest Offer You Guidance And Protection  The U.S. Military Says It Successfully Shot Down An ICBM For The Very First Time Will Robots Take Your Job? Our First Look At The Essential Phone, Android Done Right Mobile Intelligence Officials Disturbed By Trump's Attempts To Get World Leaders To Call His Personal Mobile Phone This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone How To Make The iPhone's Touch ID Work With Gloves Car Tech Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Uber's Self-Driving Truck Unit Is Being Investigated By The California DMV For Its Road Tests  Here Is Everything We Know So Far About Mercedes' 1000 HP Hypercar Australians Are Really, Really Good At Reading Confusing Road Signs Online Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money COVFEFE 5 Million Premises Can Connect To NBN Now, Says NBN Ukraine Just Tweeted A Simpsons GIF At Russia Because 2017 Is Weird As Hell Science & Health Don't Let That Global Warming Sleep Study Keep You Up At Night This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Organs CRISPR May Not Be Nearly As Precise As We Thought NASA's Lunar Orbiter Survived An Impact With A Tiny Meteor Cameras Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Computing Monitors With Everything Are Coming AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Nvidia's Max-Q Promises To Make Gaming Laptops Quieter Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match Gaming Monitors With Everything Are Coming Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money What You Need To Know About Max-Q, Nvidia's Plan To Make Gaming Laptops That Aren't Monstrosities NVIDIA Is Giving Away Overwatch Keys Through GeForce Experience Entertainment Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Get The Full Guardians Of The Galaxy - Mission: Breakout Experience Right Here So, 'House Of Cards' Characters Have Their Own Spotify Playlists Now Stranger Things' Eleven Auditioned For X-23 In Logan Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match Our First Look At The Essential Phone, Android Done Right Michael Nunez May 31, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  android andy rubin essential video feature Share After months of speculation, the creator of Android, Andy Rubin, is finally showing off his company's new products. Since leaving Google in October 2014, he has been working tirelessly on launching a smartphone that he claims could shakeup the tech industry. Today, we got our first look at it thanks to The Verge. Behold: This is Andy Rubin's super secret mystery phone project. All Images: Essential The Essential Phone is powered by Android (version 7.1.1), and actually shares a lot in common with other flagships like the Google Pixel and Samsung Galaxy S8. It uses the same processor as the Galaxy S8 (Qualcomm Snapdragon 835) and features other comparable hardware specs, including 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage. It also has a slightly bigger battery than both the Pixel and Galaxy S8 (3040 mAh). The Essential Phone also has a nice big 5.71-inch QHD (2560 x 1312) display that makes it at least look more like the Galaxy S8 with its edge-to-edge screen. It also has a front-facing 8-megapixel shooter capable of filming 4K videos. That's about as much as you could possibly ask for from the front of the device. On the backside, the Essential Phone employs dual-rear facing cameras (13MP RGB sensor and 3-megapixel "monochrome" sensor) that will supposedly give the phone the ability to take photos comparable to its chief rivals in the iPhone, Pixel and Galaxy S8. It also won't come with a headphone jack (sorry dongle haters) and will instead rely on a USB Type-C and a dongle for audio output. On paper, the phone is a beast, but since we've only seen official renderings and company photos, it's hard to say whether the phone will actually live up to the hype. The specs sound nice, but we'd be remiss to recommend this phone without giving it a proper trial in our everyday lives. One of the weirder elements of Essential Phone, and one we're really looking forward to testing, is its unique inclusion of two pins on the back of the device that will make it somewhat modular and capable of hooking up to different accessories. To start, the pins are going to be used with a charging dock and 360-degree camera. In the future, the pins could be used to hook up even more ambitious accessories. The Essential Phone can be reserved online in the US starting today for $US700 ($941), and customers can get the 360-degree camera kit for $US50 ($67) extra as part of an introductory pricing. The Essential Phone is specifically targeting US customers and will ship in four different colours: Black Moon, Stellar Grey, Pure White and Ocean Depths. Even if it was available in Australia, we would suggest holding off for now, at least until we can test the device and verify that it's actually worth a stack of hundred dollar bills. Oh, wait! But there's more. Rubin's company is apparently planning to release other products like the Essential Home, a smart speaker device that runs on a platform called Ambient OS that is also developed by Essential. The operating system is built specifically with a home network in mind and is meant to anticipate an owner's every need. For example, one way the device will be more helpful than other smart speakers on the market is that it will automatically notify you to leave early for an important meeting or remind you when anniversary's come up. The screen can be used to display timers, reminders, and even directions to upcoming meetings. The Essential Home will use a large circular display and a speaker, similar to the touchscreen Amazon Echo Show announced a couple of weeks ago. The display can apparently help you play music, search for information, set timers, and do some of the other things that you've come to expect from products such as Google Home and Amazon Echo. The Essential Home will likely learn more skills over time through the Ambient OS API that gives developers access to devices, services, and other information about a person's home network so that they can build more useful apps. For now, Americans can only pre-order the Essential Phone, and there's no word on when the phone will begin shipping or be on sale in other places. There's no indication of when the Essential Home will be on sale, either. We'll certainly be following the phone's rollout closely, but it's safe to say Andy Rubin's super secret phone project is... well... not much different than every other Android flagship phone on the market. [Essential via The Verge] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Almost Guest May 31, 2017, 10:50am USD $941 is AUD $1260 plus, say, a 10% Australia tax makes the phone nearly $1400 - tell 'em they're dreaming. Reply 1 lemo711 @lemo711 May 31, 2017, 10:58am FANdroid boys will pay it, silly really. Reply -9 WhitePointer @whitepointer May 31, 2017, 11:13am Fandroid boys aren't idiots. If something is overpriced, they won't hand over the money - especially for a device like this that hasn't been proven in the real world yet. I'm really sad that more and more devices are foregoing the headphone jack these days. I'm not liking this trend. I don't want to use an adapter just to listen to music or...*shudders* use bluetooth... Reply 2 ultradude @ultradude May 31, 2017, 12:16pm I don't mind that most phones aren't coming with headphone jacks. My headphone cables always end up a tangled mess in my bag no matter what I do. Bluetooth all the way for me. Reply 0 kiminoth @kiminoth May 31, 2017, 1:20pm Fold in half, fold again in half and tie in a bow, works like a charm. Albeit not as easy as chucking it in a bag I'll give you that. Reply 0 jewgong @jewgong May 31, 2017, 11:30am sheeple* will always pay... FTFY Reply 0 skrybe @skrybe May 31, 2017, 1:31pm Something interesting, I've read on a couple other sites that the phone runs Ambient as well. Though looking at the companies site it says Android. Anyway, there are fanatics for everything ever released everywhere. Just because a small percentage of purchasers are fanatical doesn't make everyone, or even the majority that way. I certainly wouldn't buy this phone. It lacks features I want and the front facing camera design is terrible. "Hey lets cut a chunk out of our screen to fit in the camera". I'd much prefer a standard rectangular screen that's a few millimetres shorter. It is however, nice to see companies trying something different. The modular approach is cool if nothing else. That and the materials - titanium and ceramic. One would hope the phone is more resilient than the average. Reply 0 richardnixonshead @richardnixonshead May 31, 2017, 12:36pm The article says USD $700 (AUD $941) Reply 2 Aleph Ruehl @alephruehl May 31, 2017, 12:57pm 941$ is the US price in Australian dollars so just tack 10% GST and you're at AUD 1035.10$. Given the price of it's competitors that's not too bad if the device isn't buddy as all heck. Reply 0 Jamie Lloyd Guest May 31, 2017, 2:19pm Can you read, it says $700 US and $941 AUD Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 31, 2017, 3:03pm Can you understand that that is just the Australian conversion of the asking US price and not the price of which it will sell for here in Australia. By the time it gets here you could easily add on another 100 to 200 on top of that conversion price because here in Australia WE ALWAYS GET RIPPED OFF. Reply 0 StuartG Guest May 31, 2017, 11:20am I hope it doesn't come with bloatware! Reply 0 jewgong @jewgong May 31, 2017, 11:33am until a flagship (1000AUD+) device can outlast my xiaomi redmi 4 in terms of battery....over three days of use on a single charge, octacore processor, 4gb ram, 1080 display for only 200$...why would i ever change? Reply 2 skrybe @skrybe May 31, 2017, 1:33pm Depends on requirements. Some people value a better camera or better screen over battery. That's the joy of Android though, you get a phone that makes you happy, I get a phone that makes me happy and so on. It would be nice to see better battery life across the board. But until battery technology (chemistry) improves we won't see that. Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 31, 2017, 3:07pm Totally agree. Bought one for my son and he loves it. His girlfriend has the galaxy note 5 and she wants one too​. It only cost 250. How good is that compared to 1300 dollars for the note. If everyone stopped buying phones over a thousand dollars Samsung and the rest would drop their price over night. Reply 0 ozsmeg @ozsmeg May 31, 2017, 12:10pm No phone with a price tag that high is "Essential". Reply 0 myreply @myreply May 31, 2017, 12:19pm What's the reason for all of these new android phones have a blank circle on the back? Pixel, the essential phone, and the new kogan budget android phone all have it... Reply 0 Luke @luke May 31, 2017, 12:33pm It's the power/ wake button plus fingerprint scanner or it is on my LG G6. Reply 1 dexx @dexx May 31, 2017, 12:33pm It's a fingerprint scanner. A lot of new Android's put it there, it's really handy! Reply 0 beatsbynelly @beatsbynelly May 31, 2017, 2:16pm Cool phone, but I hate the name. Wanky marketing of the highest order. Reply 0 phil @phil May 31, 2017, 3:07pm he has been working tirelessly on launching a smartphone that he claims could shakeup the tech industry Well, this ain't it.... Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 31, 2017, 3:08pm It would be if it sold for 500. Reply 1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 30 May 2017 2:00 AM If you want an electric bike, the Riese & Muller Charger GT is the creme de la creme. How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield 30 May 2017 6:30 AM Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Trending Articles 1 Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review 2 How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android 3 COVFEFE Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Monitors With Everything Are Coming This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Organs Popular Smash Bros Flash Game Gets Huge Update, New Characters New Sims Game Pack Makes Teens More Realistic, For Better Or Worse Monitors With Everything Are Coming Overwatch Training Apps Gave Me A Way To Obsess But Not Improve Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace How To Watch State Of Origin 2017 (Online And For Free) COVFEFE Macau casino boss Lawrence Ho is critical of James Packer's Crown The federal police were called after a Sydney startup was hacked and blackmailed Most of Australia's serious crime is being run from other countries This Australian lender will let you borrow interest only mortgages but not fully © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Actions on Google challenge launched, app building contest for Google Assistant By John Hoff - May 30, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google wants to expand the range of responses one can get from querying Google Assistant, so it is launching the “Actions on Google Challenge”. This is primarily an app building contest for Google Assistant, especially with the new API now being utilized. Let’s hope this gives us better apps for the Assistant platform. Be innovative enough and Google will give you up to USD$10,000 in prize money and a trip to Google I/O 2018. That’s as much as the mothership is willing to give for people who will be able to build new apps for Google Assistant. The new API now allows cards with images, animated GIFs, and a lot more options for what can come up in the results of a query. Developers will have 3 months to build their apps – entries must be approved by August 31 to be qualified for the contest. There are a lot of categories where you can win, aside from being the best new app for Google Assistant. You can win as the “most fun distraction”, the “best new app by student”, “best voice interaction”, and “best easter egg” among others. You can check out the Actions on Google Challenge official page for more information on how you can win prizes. Let us know if you’re trying your skills on this contest. SOURCE: +IanLake Story Timeline Google Assistant finally lets you type to chat, gets Lens Google Assistant expands to more devices and countries, also coming to iPhones Google Assistant gets keyboard input with the latest update TAGS Android contest Google Google Assistant John Hoff Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 477.9kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Essential Phone PH-1 Huawei nova 2 Plus Huawei nova 2 About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:37 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Who's Andy Rubin? Creator Of New Essential Android Phone Has Extensive Smartphone History By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 8:31 PM Close The smartphone field remains crowded thanks to companies ranging from flagships like Apple and Samsung to smaller manufacturers such as Huawei. And soon, the premium smartphone market will be seeing yet another contender. Essential, the smartphone company from Google Android co-founder Andy Rubin, confirmed Tuesday it will release the Essential Phone. The new smartphone is intended to go head-to-head with other premium competitors like the Apple iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Internally, the new phone will be anchored around a display with a minimal bezel and feature an upscale ceramic and titanium body. Read: Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone Possibly Appeared In A Michelin Ad Essential has yet to confirm a release date for the Google Android-based phone, but it will retail for $699 and is expected to launch later this year. The Essential Phone will also launch alongside a Home personal assistant device that will compete against models like the Amazon Echo. While Andy Rubin is well known to tech analysts and the industry thanks to his work with Google, Essential represents Rubin’s highest-profile move yet. Here’s what you need to know about Andy Rubin: Danger Inc. After short stints at companies like Apple and WebTV, Rubin becomes a co-founder and CEO at mobile hardware company Danger Inc. alongside Joe Britt and Matt Hershenson. Their flagship product is the T-Mobile Sidekick, which was also known as the Danger Hiptop. The HipTop was an early smartphone that featured a full keyboard and flippable screen. A 2002 Fortune feature details the company’s novel hardware structure: "The other particularly formative experience came from Rubin and Britt's stint at WebTV, 1996's hot startup that let users access the Internet through their TV sets. WebTV initially won praise because it was the first product that made getting on the Internet as simple as using a blender. " 'WebTV was a good appliance,' " Rubin says, " 'but it wasn't easily expandable. When users wanted instant messaging, it took us six months to come up with it.' " Those delays sunk WebTV. With the Hiptop, Rubin realized he could preserve the simplicity and correct the mistake. Instead of being just a stand-alone product, the Hiptop would have its intelligence residing on a server so the device could be updated regularly with new features without ever changing the hardware." Rubin Moves to Android In 2003, Rubin co-founded Android. At the time, the small startup operated under the radar and focused on developing software for mobile phones. The startup would eventually catch Google’s eye and be acquired in 2005 for an estimated $50 million. A 2005 Engadget story reflects the low-key reaction around the acquistion: "We only have the faintest idea why Google just bought Android, a stealthy startup that specializes in making 'software for mobile phones,' but we do know that trying to guess Google's next move recently replaced digging through Steve Jobs' garbage for clues about the next iPod at the top of our weekend activities list. It's no secret that Google's getting ready to a move into wireless [witness Monday's story that they were thinking about launching some sort of free Wi-Fi network]. We just don't know exactly what it's going to be yet." The Essential PH-1 features a titanium body, a ceramic back and Gorilla Glass 5. Photo: Essential Products Inc. Android Becomes Google Android Under Google, Android’s work eventually became bedrock behind its Google Android mobile operating system. The operating system launched in 2007 and helped fuel Google’s successful expansion into the mobile devices space. A 2016 Gartner report estimated that Google Android had a worldwide market share of around 82 percent. Read: Benchmark Reveals Specs For Andy Rubin's Essential Android Smartphone As an executive at Google, Rubin helped to shepherd Android to its initial heights. But at times, the operating system struggled to make the transition from startup to a central part of Google’s larger plans. Issues ranging from hardware fragmentation to partnerships with middling returns hindered Android’s ambitions and ability for growth. Rubin would eventually move to Google’s robotics division in 2013 and leave the company entirely in 2014. Playground Global and Side Ventures After leaving Google, Rubin explored and launched various projects including Playground Global. The company acts as a mix between a startup incubator and investment fund, and lets Rubin explore a longstanding interest in artificial intelligence development. A 2016 Wired feature details the company’s larger plans: "Playground’s ambitions extend far beyond building individual gadgets or even individual companies. Rubin wants Playground to become the factory that creates the standard building blocks — the basic quartermaster’s inventory of components — for the AI-infused future. And he wants to open up this platform of hardware and software tools so that anyone, not just the companies he works with directly, can create an intelligent device. If he’s successful, Playground stands to have the same kind of impact on smart machines that Android had on smartphones, providing the technological infrastructure for thousands of products and giving a generation of entrepreneurs the ability to build a smart drone. Or a house’s worth of intelligent appliances. Or, hell, a full-fledged robot." A Return to Smartphones However, Rubin’s focus would eventually turn back to the mobile hardware space. As Bloomberg reported, Rubin would start laying the groundwork for Essential starting in late 2015. The company’s flagship smartphone echoes many of Rubin’s past stops and reflects trends within the current smartphone space: It’ll be upscale, boutique and lack the bloat found in typical carrier-reliant smartphones. In a post Tuesday announcing Essential, Rubin reflected on the downsides of the current smartphone marketplace and his role in its creation:   "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone, it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives. Was this what we had intended? Was this the best we could do? "I left that night reflecting deeply on what was great and what was frustrating with the current state of technology today. After another long talk with my friend, we decided that I needed to start a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century." Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Essential Phone Release Date May Not Have Full Carrier Support Andy Rubin's Essential Smartphone Revealed Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology Here's What You Need To Know About Andy Rubin, Essential And Google Android Founder Andy Rubin co-founded Google Android and plays a central role in the upcoming Essential Phone. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Florida Receives First Cases Of Dog Flu H3N2 or dog flu that hit the U.S. in 2015 is back, however, this time it is in Florida. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 54°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Tuesday, May 30, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Fargo Street with Christian Arcand Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Uber fires self-driving car hire Levandowski Marco della Cava, and Jon Swartz, USA TODAY Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Credit: Eric Risberg, AP In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Anthony Levandowski, head of Uber's self-driving program, speaks about their driverless car in San Francisco. comments SAN FRANCISCO — Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer behind Uber's ambitious self-driving project and a central figure in its contentious legal battle with Google's Waymo unit over that technology, has been fired.  An Uber spokesperson confirmed to USA TODAY Tuesday that the ride-hailing company had severed its ties with Levandowski effectively immediately, in large part due to Levandowski's not meeting court deadlines to turn over documents in the case. The New York Times first reported on the firing. Eric Meyhofer, who took charge of Uber's self-driving car effort in April, will continue to lead the program with Levandowski's direct reports now reporting to him.  The news is not wholly unanticipated after Levandowski steadfastly refused to turn over documents in the case and, most recently, was ordered by a judge to be removed from any internal projects related to the sensor technology at the heart of the dispute. But the firing represents a huge fall from grace for a man who helped Google with its pioneering autonomous car tech and rocketed to fame and riches in 2016 after founding self-driving truck company Otto, which Uber bought last summer for $680 million. In its lawsuit, Waymo, the autonomous unit spun out of Google late last year, claims Levandowski — a onetime lead engineer at Google's self-driving project — stole 14,000 files related to Google's proprietary LiDAR (light detection and ranging radar) just before launching his own self-driving truck company Otto in early 2016. Last summer, Uber bought Otto.  Uber has denied the accusations, claiming that its LiDAR tech was created without the assistance of any pilfered files. It also contended that the issue really was between Waymo and its former employee, and not his new employer Uber. But as the case began unfolding between Uber and Waymo layers and Judge William Alsup, it quickly became clear that Levandowski was not eager to divulge the information being requested of him by attorneys.  When Levandowski was ordered by a federal judge to fork over evidence and testimony, his lawyers invoked the Fifth Amendment on his behalf in March to avoid possible criminal charges.  Shortly after that, Levandowski sent an email to fellow Uber employees requesting that he not be included in any meetings or memos related to Uber's LiDAR technology. Last month, Alsup made that official when he ordered Levandowski to be officially removed from anything related to LiDAR.  Related Articles Bruce Springsteen makes surprise appearance at Steven Van Zandt concert Swedish satire 'The Square' is a weird, worthy winner at Cannes NASA to announce new details on mission to 'touch the sun' More On: USA Today Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Charlie Baker bill targets convicts matt stout business & markets donna goodison real estate US home prices rising 2 times faster than wages associated press real estate Gallery: 11 Heathcote St in Roslindale Trending Now Cashman: Free meals would take bite out of ‘lunch shaming’ Australia plans to ban pedophiles from traveling overseas Lincoln Memorial Dedicated & Opened Lincoln’s son Robert Todd at dedication ceremony #HeraldArchive #HeraldArchives… Feds bust sophisticated Lawrence-based fentanyl delivery service Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Europe to splash €120m on free WiFi for ~8,000 villages and cities Inspur jacks up huge heat sink-sporting beast Millimetre wave.. omigerd it's going nowherrr.. Apple, you say? WDC may form carrion consortium to snap up Toshiba's flash memory biz WebAssembly fandom kills Google's Portable Native Client MySQL devs take cache behind shed, shot heard GitHub CEO Wanstrath: 'Our goal is no outages' Seminal game 'Colossal Cave Adventure' released onto GitLab Windows XP crashed too much to spread WannaCrypt Android apps punched out by Judy malware NORK spy agency blamed for Bangladesh cyberheist, Sony Pictures hack Shadow Brokers lay out pitch – and name price – for monthly zero-day subscription service Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are BA's 'global IT system failure' was due to 'power surge' LinkedIn finds friends to join its 'Open19' data centre standards effort 'The internet is slow'... How to keep users happy, get more work done What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Cisco cuts 250 jobs in San Jose, has 850 more pink slips to hand out Ad watchdog bites Plusnet over 'unintelligible' radio ads Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Lexmark patent racket busted by Supremes Intel gives the world a Core i9 desktop CPU to play with Much-hyped Ara Blackphone LeEco Essential handset introduced Qualcomm kicks out mesh network, Wi-Fi and RubinPhone win Defend yourself against ISP tracking in an Trump-era free-for-all Geek's Guide India sets June 5 as the day it will joint the heavy-lift rocket club Pentagon trumpets successful mock-ICBM interception test NASA boffins find an explanation for Saturn's wonky moon Event horizons around black holes do exist, say astroboffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London Sergey Brin building humanitarian blimp for lifesaving leisure Your job might be automated within 120 years, AI experts reckon Bitcoin exchange Coinbase crashes after Asian buying frenzy Verity Stob German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla 6 Security Android apps punched out by Judy malware More than 36 million users feared infected 30 May 2017 at 23:44, Iain Thomson As many as 36.5 million Android users may have been infected by advertising fraud malware that could have been lurking in Google Play Store for years. The malware, dubbed "Judy" by the researchers at Checkpoint who discovered it, was found in 41 apps in the Store, all made by Korean publisher ENISTUDIO. While Google has now pulled all the infected apps, the discovery and the extent of the outbreak cast serious doubt on the efficacy of the Chocolate Factory's anti-malware checking system, Bouncer. "To bypass Bouncer, Google Play's protection, the hackers create a seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim's device, and insert it into the app store," states Checkpoint's advisory. "It silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the C&C server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage, and receives a redirection to another website." The malware then spams out adverts to the infected handset, some of which have to be clicked on by the user to get the home screen functional again. This drives revenue to the malware operator due to all the ad clicks. The news came barely a month after a similar malware infestation in the Play Store was discovered in 49 rogue apps. Once again the malware was able to evade Google's checking systems by using the two-stage attack vector – insert a seemingly innocuous app that can then pull in a payload later on. The Judy case also highlights the importance of checking information on apps before downloading. While many of the infected pieces of software had good ratings from users – at least four out of five in some places – there were also clues in the user comments section about the enormous number of advertisements the apps were generating. Google has made much of the safety of the Play Store in recent years, after a rocky start that saw its online marketplace prove to be a lot less safe than Apple's shopfront. Based on recent history, the Play Store may be gaining its old reputation back. ® Tips and corrections 6 Comments MORE Malware Android Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Sneaky 'fileless' malware flung at Israeli targets via booby-trapped Word docs Spies, bank raiders gravitate to growing stealth technique 17 Comments 64-bit malware threat may be itty-bitty now, but it's only set to grow Upgrade and they will come 9 Comments Shamoon malware spawns even nastier 'StoneDrill' Data-destroying code moves on from Middle East, now rampaging through Europe 8 Comments US-China cyber espionage treaty 'will do nothing': FireEye boss Cyber Defence Summit So what are all those hack groups in China doing? 6 Comments 'DNC hackers' used mobile malware to track Ukrainian artillery – researchers Frontline battlefield operatives are Fandoids? 26 Comments US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war From the phones of Montezuma to the servers of Tripoli 27 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. 5 Ways Veritas NetBackup 8 Makes Microsoft Hyper-V Backup Rock! Transform and simplify the protection of your VMware, physical, and cloud environments no matter where they reside. Most read BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Network Time Protocol updated to spook-harden user comms Spotlight Speaking in Tech: Depressing WannaCrypt postmortem edition WannaCrypt: Roots, reasons and why scramble patching won't save you now 3D printing and drones are the tech del día at Spanish startup fiesta Speaking in Tech: Hacking Microsoft Windows? That's cute Machine vs. machine battle has begun to de-fraud the internet of lies Security co-operation unlikely to change post Brexit, despite threats More fun in the sandbox: Experts praise security improvements to Edge UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Twitter loses its mind over Trump's 'covfefe' tweet SF preschool teacher’s aide arrested in Monday slaying Oakland man, 25, charged with murder, robbery Lithium battery fire forces SFO-bound flight to make emergency News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Embattled Republican Issa faces health care blowback Explosion in diplomatic area of Kabul kills 9, wounds dozens Daughter of Park friend back in SKorea to face investigation Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Nationals pay back Giants on scoreboard, win 6-3 Clippers interested in hiring Warriors exec. Jerry West, per Giants, Nationals weigh in on Buster Posey’s reaction to brawl A’s strike out in Cleveland, Sonny Gray struggles Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Technology elevates new theme park experiences in Orlando Movie strategy today: Lights, camera, action figures! Amazon sets up shop in the heart of the publishing industry Changing design of hotel rooms A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Turkish cat documentary “Kedi’ ends Roxie run The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Sunset Shipwrecks play Bottom of the Hill Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Tartine and Belcampo headed to Oakland's Jack London Square Saintsbury vintner Richard Ward dies at 67 Hog Island to purchase historic Tony’s Seafood Restaurant in The best foods at BottleRock 2017 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities You know you're a real Oakland local if... Bay Area spots, once adored by kids and teens, that no longer Yosemite is gorgeous and crowded now, but what was it like way It's time to add Humboldt's kinetic sculpture race to your Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Hot Property: Custom everything awaits in the Claremont Hills These homes for sale all have pretty pools to lounge by Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/trump-will-not-break-up-silicon-valley-monopolies/ Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… ...when the European Union will Susan Seager, provided by Published 4:25 pm, Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… 1 / 1 Back to Gallery The Trump administration will not try to break up Silicon Valley’s powerful monopolies — Google, Facebook and Amazon. “I have no hope whatsoever,” said USC dean emeritus Jonathan Taplin, author of the new book, “Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy.” Taplin describes President Trump as “subservient to” the tech giants, but says President Obama was the same. “Politicians seem to be over-awed by real billionaires,” Taplin told TheWrap. “I don’t even know if Trump is a real billionaire. But I’m certain Peter Thiel, Larry Page and Mark Zuckerberg are real billionaires.” Latest entertainment videos Also Read: 3 Biggest Takeaways From Google I/O 2017 Google’s market power is being investigated overseas, however. In the European Union, antitrust regulators are expected to issue a ruling in the next few months whether Google breached EU anti-trust rules and should be fined. “The EU is pretty much leading that charge,” Taplin said. EU regulators are looking at three possible anti-trust violations: squeezing out rivals in internet searches, through Google’s Android mobile operating system, and with Google’s “AdSense for Search” platform, which produces search results that include advertising. Also Read: Bill Maher Calls Apple, Google, Facebook 'Essentially Drug Dealers' for Addictive Kids' Apps (Video) Google denies the allegations and says it increased competition. Taplin believes that U.S. anti-trust regulators would take a second look at Silicon Valley companies if voters were to elect Democratic Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren as president in four years.  “She’s made monopoly the core focus of her work,” Taplin said. “It’s never healthy in a democracy to have such concentrations of private power,” Taplin said. “We have confronted this problem one hundred years ago, and I am pretty confident that a new progressive resistance is at hand.” Also Read: Google, Facebook Could Lose $2.9 Billion in Digital Ad Sales Google is more than a search engine, Facebook is more than a social media platform, and Amazon is more than an online book store, Taplin said. Facebook and Google are actually hugely successful advertising agencies. The two giants are locked in a struggle to sell the most ads based on legalized spying on their users and selling the data to advertisers, Taplin said. “For the moment, Facebook seems to be winning,” Taplin wrote in his book. “Whichever company can accumulate the most data on you can then sell highly pinpointed advertising at the highest price.” Google and Facebook have disrupted the entertainment and news industries by scooping up most of the advertising revenue, not putting the money back into creating content, and Google’s subsidiary YouTube has not adequately policed pirated works, Taplin said. In first quarter of last year, 85 cents of every new dollar spent on online advertising was paid to Google or Facebook. “So all providers of content, be they musicians, filmmakers, journalists, or photographers, have to deal with Google or Facebook if they want to attract an audience,” he said. Taplin has experience in the music and film industries as the former tour manager for Bob Dylan and The Band, and a film producer for Martin Scorsese, Wim Wenders and Gus Van Sant. He penned a New York Times op-ed about his book last month. The other Silicon Valley monopoly, Amazon, now controls 70 market share of all online new book sales, whether print or digital, Taplin said. Now Amazon is expanding its reach into all kinds of retail sales “You look at even fashion retail, Amazon’s making unbelievable strides in that,” Taplin said. “You’re seeing what the effect is on the mass market retails like Sears and K-mart and they are probably going out of business in the next year.” To dilute the advertising market power of Google and Facebook, Taplin favors a federal privacy law that would require users to affirmatively opt-in to data-mining by online companies — which is key to their online advertising services — instead of the current system of requiring consumers to opt-out. He also proposes a government-ordered break-up of the Silicon Valley monopolies, as AT&T was broken up, and require the licensing of the companies’ patents for free to “create a whole bunch of new firms.” Read original story Why Trump Won’t Break Up Silicon Valley Monopolies… At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WOMAN RECANTS KIDNAPPING STORY San Jose State student made up kidnapping, police say LATEST NEWS Twitter loses its mind over Trump's 'covfefe' tweet Battery fire forces SFO-bound flight to make emergency landing SF preschool teacher’s aide arrested in slaying Sean Hannity returns to Fox News, talks conspiracy Berkeley to consider whether to ban plastic straws Police: Gunman at Orlando airport in custody Teens arrested on Memorial Day in robbery of vet’s car Kathy Griffin sorry for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Twitter roasts Harper-Strickland fight with memes Nationals pay back Giants on scoreboard, win 6-3 Brawl suspensions: Strickland 6 games, Harper 4 Analysis: Posey was right not to help Strickland in brawl Oregon train hero remembered at Pebble Beach high school Prosecutors: Portland man confessed to stabbing 3 European leaders appear to tease Trump's glowing orb photo Reporters mock Spicer’s short return to press briefing Some answers about injection drug use by homeless SF installing syringe kiosks for dirty needle disposal TODAY'S TOP PICKS These San Francisco restaurants are so 'Only in SF' Mariah Carey spotted around SF, Napa over holiday weekend The trendiest hairstyle the year you were born Most Popular 1 San Jose State student made up kidnapping, police say 2 Berkeley to ponder ordinance banning plastic straws 3 In his non-reaction, Buster Posey was right 4 Twitter roasts Bryce Harper and Hunter Strickland's fight with... 5 Hiker dies after being rescued from Southern California peak 6 Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' 7 Judge: Trump deportation order for man in Hawaii 'inhumane' 8 European leaders appear to tease Trump's glowing orb photo 9 Media Mocks Sean Spicer’s Return to White House Press... 10 SF preschool teacher’s aide arrested in Monday slaying LATEST NEWS Twitter loses its mind over Trump's 'covfefe' tweet Battery fire forces SFO-bound flight to make emergency landing SF preschool teacher’s aide arrested in slaying Sean Hannity returns to Fox News, talks conspiracy Berkeley to consider whether to ban plastic straws Police: Gunman at Orlando airport in custody Teens arrested on Memorial Day in robbery of vet’s car Kathy Griffin sorry for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Did you know these stars dated? View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Europe to splash €120m on free WiFi for ~8,000 villages and cities Inspur jacks up huge heat sink-sporting beast Millimetre wave.. omigerd it's going nowherrr.. Apple, you say? WDC may form carrion consortium to snap up Toshiba's flash memory biz WebAssembly fandom kills Google's Portable Native Client MySQL devs take cache behind shed, shot heard GitHub CEO Wanstrath: 'Our goal is no outages' Seminal game 'Colossal Cave Adventure' released onto GitLab Windows XP crashed too much to spread WannaCrypt Android apps punched out by Judy malware NORK spy agency blamed for Bangladesh cyberheist, Sony Pictures hack Shadow Brokers lay out pitch – and name price – for monthly zero-day subscription service Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are BA's 'global IT system failure' was due to 'power surge' LinkedIn finds friends to join its 'Open19' data centre standards effort 'The internet is slow'... How to keep users happy, get more work done What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Cisco cuts 250 jobs in San Jose, has 850 more pink slips to hand out Ad watchdog bites Plusnet over 'unintelligible' radio ads Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Lexmark patent racket busted by Supremes Intel gives the world a Core i9 desktop CPU to play with Much-hyped Ara Blackphone LeEco Essential handset introduced Qualcomm kicks out mesh network, Wi-Fi and RubinPhone win Defend yourself against ISP tracking in an Trump-era free-for-all Geek's Guide India sets June 5 as the day it will joint the heavy-lift rocket club Pentagon trumpets successful mock-ICBM interception test NASA boffins find an explanation for Saturn's wonky moon Event horizons around black holes do exist, say astroboffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London Sergey Brin building humanitarian blimp for lifesaving leisure Your job might be automated within 120 years, AI experts reckon Bitcoin exchange Coinbase crashes after Asian buying frenzy Verity Stob German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla 7 Business Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Self-driving star Anthony Levandowski told to show himself out 30 May 2017 at 23:26, Thomas Claburn Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the technology exec at the center of Waymo's lawsuit against the ridesharing company that alleges theft of self-driving car secrets and patent infringement. Uber's chief legal officer Salle Yoo dropped the ax on Tuesday in a letter obtained by several media organizations, including The New York Times and The Guardian. Citing Levandowski's failure to comply with a May 15 letter from the company demanding cooperation with a court order to produce documents in the Waymo litigation, Yoo declares that Levandowski has violated his contract and is terminated immediately. Levandowski has the option to reverse his termination by meeting Uber's demands within the next 20 days. Levandowski worked at Google (and later Waymo, once Google moved its self-driving car unit under parent company Alphabet) on self-driving cars before leaving to start a self-driving truck company, Otto, which Uber acquired last year for $680m. In February, Waymo sued Uber claiming that Levandowski, without authorization, downloaded more than 14,000 confidential documents related to LiDAR mapping and navigation systems before leaving Google. In late March, Levandowski asserted his Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination. At the time, according to The New York Times, Uber maintained that "Anthony Levandowski has not used any files from Google in his work with Otto or Uber." Uber subsequently said it doesn't use the technology in question. But that defense hasn't helped much. In May, the US federal judge overseeing the case ordered Uber to take the necessary steps to ensure that its employees return stolen files to Waymo and barred Levandowski from working on LiDAR or related projects at Uber. In footnotes, Judge William Alsup explained that his order should not be misconstrued as an attempt to punish Levandowski for asserting his Fifth Amendment rights; rather it directs Uber, as a private employer, to take all necessary steps to ensure that its employees cooperate. "If Uber were to threaten Levandowski with termination for noncompliance, that threat would be backed up by only Uber's power as a private employer, and Levandowski would remain free to forfeit his private employment to preserve his Fifth Amendment privilege," the judge wrote. Uber did just that in its May 15 letter. And faced with Levandowski's ongoing refusal to cooperate, Uber has made good on its threat. An Uber representative in an email to The Register said that the company has sought Levandowski's cooperation for several months and confirmed that Levandowski has been fired. Uber employees previously reporting to Levandowski will now report to Eric Meyhofer, who has been in charge of Uber's Advanced Technologies Group since April. ® Tips and corrections 7 Comments MORE Google Uber Lawsuit Waymo Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register US judges say you can Google Google, but you can't google Google The Chocolate Factory is spared the aspirin treatment by the 9th District Court 58 Comments Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability Patch promised 2 Comments Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Cook fights for life after Google summit blaze Google I/O Don't worry, no programmers were harmed, says web ads giant 20 Comments Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 25 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. 5 Ways Veritas NetBackup 8 Makes Microsoft Hyper-V Backup Rock! Transform and simplify the protection of your VMware, physical, and cloud environments no matter where they reside. Most read BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Network Time Protocol updated to spook-harden user comms Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 31 2017 - 6:52AM Save Print Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the centre of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 05:13 Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:58 Video duration 01:58 Weak consumer sentiment weighs on ... Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Consumers are the most unhappy since the financial crisis and with many shoppers struggling with record household debt, it's hard to see if that's going to improve. Up Next Why investors are excited about Amazon Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:37 Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next A recession on the horizon? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:02 Video duration 03:02 A recession on the horizon? A recession on the horizon? Low wage rises and high household debt are adding to the risk of a negative first quarter. Up Next ACCC takes health fund NIB to court Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:40 Video duration 00:40 ACCC takes health fund NIB to court ACCC takes health fund NIB to court The ACCC has launched federal proceedings against health fund NIB, accusing it of concealing changes to some of its policies. Vision courtesy ABC News Up Next Crane collapse at work site Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:35 Video duration 00:35 Crane collapse at work site Crane collapse at work site Three men were trapped in a cherry-picker when it fell into a building site in Geelong. More videos Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber's self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. He was let go after failing to comply with a judge's request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google's parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer. Uber also said that he had broken the terms of his employment with the company. Under those terms, Levandowski promised that he wasn't disclosing any trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. Related Content Uber's CEO, keen to 'grow up', looks for second-in-command The death of Uber - one large investor's bold prediction The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants against one another as they battle over the future of transportation. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Google's self-driving car program, which began building self-driving cars in 2009 and is now called Waymo. Uber began developing self-driving cars roughly two years ago, an effort that Kalanick has called "existential" to the company's future because it could dramatically lower labour costs. Kalanick hired the former Google engineer to run Uber's driverless program last summer, after acquiring Levandowski's months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Advertisement The news of Levandowski's firing represents Uber's latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken chief executive Travis Kalanick. The company has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy -- his mother was killed and his father seriously injured in a boating accident. The move to terminate Levandowski represents a shift in Uber's legal strategy. Until now the company had defended and protected him, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, left, and Anthony Levandowski. Photo: AP Levandowski is not personally being sued, and the legal case hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer. He has refused to share the documents, citing his fifth amendment rights to protect himself from self-incrimination. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Anthony Levandowski is at the centre of the dispute. Photo: AP Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber's decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Levandowski's lawyers are expected to argue that a person cannot be fired for asserting their Fifth Amendment rights, according to a person familiar with the matter. As a condition of his hiring, Levandowski was awarded more than $US250 million ($335 million) in Uber stock. It was unclear whether he would be able to keep his compensation package going forward. The Washington Post Advertisement HuffPost Australia Welcome To The Future: Retailer ... Contains: External link Scammer Gets Hilariously Busted Trying ... Contains: External link Most Popular NAB outage leaves customers in the lurch Facebook user is found guilty of defamation for 'liking' posts NBN takeup rate languishes, but figures aren't quite as dire as they seem Researchers gather in Canberra to rid skies of 'space junk' Government continues to ignore world-class local games industry Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Facebook user is found guilty of defamation for 'liking' posts Researchers gather in Canberra to rid skies of 'space junk' NAB outage leaves customers in the lurch NBN takeup rate languishes, but figures aren't quite as dire as they seem I threw away $4.8 million in Bitcoin Canberra Times Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate The Canberra radio star with 150 million YouTube views - and counting When will you get a pay rise? Solving the riddle of low wages growth in Australia Politicians looking ill and 'free' taxi rides: The reasons Canberrans call 000 Roughly 100 Canberra homes remain in danger of fire from faulty Infinity wiring, ACCC warns The Sydney Morning Herald Turmoil at 49ers ended Hayne's NFL dream, US agent says Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate Bisexual teacher found guilty of sexual relationships with male and female students Pippa Middleton is now honeymooning in Sydney Australian girl killed in blast at Iraq ice-cream parlour The Age Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault West Gate Tunnel: home owners want buy-out Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate Sydney and Melbourne property prices slip in May Fasolo out with depression Brisbane Times Police to probe whether slain cop was lured to his death by shooter with 'grievance' Someone is about to find out they've won $40m on Oz Lotto Simon Black's coaching academies on the brink Popular drug recalled after tampering discovered Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate WA Today Threats made after Bunbury club advertises Schapelle Corby homecoming party Basketballer 'goes to collect gun' after bad ref call in Melville Perth school appealing for help to find lost buried time capsules Andrew escapes 'life threatening' injury on House Rules 'I am absolutely certain we are in a bubble in this property market' Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Scott Pelley is out as the anchor of 'CBS Evening News' 50 prospective jurors sworn in as officer Yanez's trial opens Bidding for Southwest light rail contract is delayed a third time Man sitting in a van in Minneapolis is shot in the head and killed Berrios struggles, Twins continue trek backward in loss to Houston Minn. House members decry 'Scaffold' in letter to Walker; Dakota elders meet about sculpture Hennepin County judge stays a teardown that would lead to 40-story condo tower Same developers pitch Fla. mall that would dwarf Mall of America Chipotle: 60-plus Minn. stores hit by payment card malware next Business 425388323 Apple racing to catch up with competitors in artificial intelligence game Their competitors have been aggressive in deploying AI across products.  By Mark Gurman Bloomberg May 30, 2017 — 6:37pm Amazon: The company has pushed to bring artificial intelligence into the home with Echo, which can resolve questions and commands. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures in Minneapolis. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Associated Press photos Apple: It had an early advantage with Siri, but Siri no longer seems cutting edge as competitors have created systems capable of more challenging AI feats. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear whether the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, sources said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research.   View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends 2017 Summer Camp Guide Renew Costco membership before the price goes up Thursday Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Chipotle: 60-plus Minn. stores hit by payment card malware Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving Walker delays Sculpture Garden opening after 'Scaffold' protests Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute Inside law enforcement's high-tech toolbox Alexander: Vista updates aren't the real problem Review: The Insteon system is a step up from the Clapper to control lights Review: AirPods are good quality, but at $159, you worry about losing them More From Business National 23 minutes ago Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns President Donald Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to world leaders and urging them to call him directly, an unusual invitation that breaks diplomatic protocol and is raising concerns about the security and secrecy of the U.S. commander in chief's communications. Minneapolis 12:28am Hennepin County judge stays a teardown that would lead to 40-story condo tower Neighborhood group wins skirmish in multifront battle to stop a tower across from downtown Minneapolis. National 12:25am Property tax, park fees, judicial salaries up for votes The Legislature's budget-writing Joint Finance Committee planned to vote on several parts of Gov. Scott Walker's two-year spending plan on Wednesday. Those include: National 12:25am Ending popular Wisconsin outdoors magazine up for vote A popular outdoors magazine published by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources that's on the chopping block could get saved by the Legislature's budget-writing committee on Wednesday. National 12:20am Illinois Legislature, governor set national futility record The Illinois General Assembly that launched the careers of such political giants as Abraham Lincoln, Stephen A. Douglas and Barack Obama and the governor's office once occupied by Adlai Stevenson II have set a record in futility in failing to agree on an annual spending plan for more than two years, the longest fiscal drought of any state since at least the Great Depression. Top Stories Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving May. 30 Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers May. 30 Scott Pelley is out as the anchor of 'CBS Evening News' 12:42am Most Read Renew Costco membership before the price goes up Thursday • Business Same developers pitch Fla. mall that would dwarf Mall of America • Business As Americans take on more debt, some pockets of concern • Nation Hack your car? Minnesota-based entrepreneurs have a tool for you • Business Minnesota's solar energy subsidies look to be on their way out • Business World Explosion in diplomatic area of Kabul kills 9, wounds dozens Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Nation Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airport In Chicago's crisis of violence, some signs of hope Politics Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Franken's new book takes on Trump, Republican colleagues (with jokes) markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Berrios struggles, Twins continue trek backward in loss to Houston Reusse: Falvey, Twins need to stay committed to winning and not quick fixes Vikings Vikings' Treadwell learning when to push, when to rest his body Vikings sign five 2017 draft picks, only Dalvin Cook remains unsigned MN United Approved tax relief is good news for United's stadium plans Scottish winger Sam Nicholson in town looking at Minnesota United Celebrities Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Coldplay, Bieber to join Ariana Grande at Manchester concert Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video Rep. Ilhan Omar top angler of governor's fishing opener 00:57 Minneapolis representative Ilhan Omar led all fisherman with 13 fish caught ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs (GOOG) Sam Shead Business Insider UK 30 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Demis Hassabis DeepMindMore Google DeepMind DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI) lab acquired by Google for £400 million in January 2014 — is growing up. The research company announced over the weekend that one of its most celebrated research teams will stop focusing on board games and instead start putting their efforts into developing general algorithms that scientists can use to help solve real world problems. These include: finding new cures for diseases dramatically reducing energy consumption or inventing revolutionary new materials Alphabet has given DeepMind the freedom to pursue its research without having to focus on revenues but these new algorithms have the potential to provide Google's parent company with new revenue sources. DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis and lead AlphaGo programmer David Silver wrote in a coauthored blog post: "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can't wait to see what comes next." The AlphaGo team is home to some of DeepMind's most impressive computer scientists and several of them have worked on papers that have made the front cover of Nature, an academic journal held in high regard by scientists worldwide. DeepMind already has teams working on healthcare and energy so it's likely that the AlphaGo researchers will simply start working more closely with the existing units. The AlphaGo AI became famous last year after beating world champion Lee Sedol 4-1 in a five game match. AlphaGo beat its second world champion in China last week at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, thrashing Ke Jie 3-0. View photos Chinese Go player Ke Jie puts a stone against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo during their first match at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, Zhejiang province, China May 23, 2017. REUTERS/StringerMore Thomson Reuters "This week's series of thrilling games with the world's best players, in the country where Go originated, has been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program," wrote Hassabis and Silver. "For that reason, the Future of Go Summit is our final match event with AlphaGo." DeepMind plans to publish publish a final academic paper later this year that will detail the improvements it made to the algorithms' efficiency and potential to be generalised across a broader set of problems. Hassabis and Silver added: "We have been humbled by the Go community's reaction to AlphaGo, and the way professional and amateur players have embraced its insights about this ancient game. We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning." NOW WATCH: Here's why Steve Wozniak used to wait in line overnight for new Apple products See Also: General election debate: May says she's willing to leave the EU without a deal as Corbyn is accused of supporting the IRA Home Secretary Amber Rudd tells Merkel: You can still depend on the UK after Brexit Google DeepMind is edging towards a 3-0 victory against world Go champion Ke Jie SEE ALSO: The incredible life of DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis, the computer whiz who sold his AI lab to Google for £400 million Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next A robot revolution might be coming but don’t believe the doomsday media The Independent Paxman versus May and Corbyn - the highlights Sky video WATCH Eamonn Holmes lose it over Rylan Clark-Neal's fly-swallowing story Entertainment news By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party servers These smartphone apps report personal data to companies like Google Analytics Newly installed apps asks for permission before accessing personal information But once an app has permission to collect that information it can share your data  Researchers tested 111 kids’ apps, and found that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to It's easy to search online for locations associated with MAC addresses, and collecting private information about children potentially violates protection laws By Narseo Vallina Rodriguez And Srikanth Sundaresan With The Conversation Published: 19:06 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 19:08 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 22 shares 10 View comments Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits.  With all the information stored on them, it isn't surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. Many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. Most of these libraries collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether APPS THAT SHARE YOUR DATA  Brightest Flashlight (device ID, location)  Toss it game (device ID, location) Angry Birds game (device ID, location) Talking Tom virtual pet (device ID)  Backgrounds HD Wallpapers (device ID, contacts) Dictionary.com (device ID, location) Mouse Trap game (device ID) Horoscope (device ID, location) Shazam music (device ID, location) Pandora Internet Radio (device ID, contacts)     Source: NBC News When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user's permission before accessing personal information.  Generally speaking, this is positive.  And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn't be nearly as useful if it couldn't use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app's developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you're moving and what you're doing. An app doesn't just collect data to use on the phone itself.  Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app's developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too.  As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries.  These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether.  Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users.  For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts.  These are initially separate permissions, one to each app.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Record-breaking new 'SkyGuardian' Predator drone can stay in... Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving... Stunning slow-mo video reveals what happens inside a... Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like... Share this article Share 22 shares But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library's developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren't required to tell users what software libraries they use.  And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it's usually in long legal documents a regular person won't read, much less understand. Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users' knowledge, and to give users more control over their data.  To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people's smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor.  It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data.  We try to show the details of apps' hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way.  It's about research, too, so we ask users if they'll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn't include any personal or privacy-sensitive data.  This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users' personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users' devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site.  Researchers used an app called Lumen Privacy Monitor, which analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user's GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, 'Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com' – not where that person actually is. More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps.  We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers.  One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number.  Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device.  Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem.  More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites.  Thanks to this technique, called 'cross-device' tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. Lumen is an app that analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. This graphic shows data transfers observed between locations of Lumen users - (left) and third-party server locations (right). Traffic frequently crosses international boundaries And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others.  Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers.  For example, Alphabet, Google's parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users' online identities are not protected by their home country's laws.  We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws.  More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies.  Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children.  By testing 111 kids' apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to.  This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses.  Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission's rules protecting children's privacy. Researchers tested 111 kids' apps, finding that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Pictured is a graphic showing how a device’s MAC address can be connected to a physical address using Wigle Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers.  Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It's hard to know what users might do about this.  Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads.  Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it's not a complete solution.  We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key.  Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it's being used for.  Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place.  Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Read more: A shock in the dark: Flashlight app tracks your location - NBC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 22 shares Most watched News videos Homeowner places camera inside her mailbox to catch sneaky thief Man steal ATM in broad daylight without any issues at all Sean Spicer defends Trump's flip-flop on using anonymous sources 'Rolling Thunder' bikers pays tribute to those who served. Scuffle between rowdy man and security guard ends in shooting Full snapchat video uploaded by lawmaker Tess Teague Sean Spicer WALKS OFF after White House press briefing gets testy Maddog Mattis says 'War with N. Korea would be 'catastrophic'' Inspiring powerlifter with down's syndrome deadlifts 185lbs Secretary Mattis: War with North Korea would be 'catastrophic' 'Heartbroken' mom found baby son's coffin floating above ground Sports writer Frank Deford won the 2012 National Humanities Medal Bloody Memorial Day Weekend in Chicago sees 49 shot but... Airbnb apologizes for 'poor judgement' after ad for a... New York City subway 'showtime' dance troupe attacks... Passenger 'punches his drunk girlfriend as she is driving... 'Fairly unbelievable': Sean Spicer talks up Trump's... Democrats are 'pushing hard' for daytime TV host Jerry... 'You said you will be president for all Americans so I... AK-47-wielding driver fires 108 shots from his Toyota... Nobody even note-iced! Brazen thief poses as a repair... Trump says Russia must be 'laughing' at the U.S. after... Trump tells Senate to force through Obamacare repeal and... Aerial footage captures the horrific moment migrants jump... Ex-cop charged with shooting dead his neighbor feared... Inspirational moment young man with Down's syndrome... 'He was the most brilliant that I have ever known':... The United States is NOT about to ban laptops on... Girl, 15, is killed when the SUV she is in slams into an... Voodoo monster who made a fool of America... until they... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 11 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display The prehistoric creatures in the deep sea: Hawaii submersible expedition lets scientists study 'living... How a fungal infection can make wine smell BETTER: Study finds 'bunch rot' in grapes can enhance certain... What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party... Has the 'alien megastructure' mystery been solved? Astronomers say rings and asteroids could explain strange... Why wandering can be SAFER: People walking to work or an errand are more likely to stroll into dangerous... The mysterious new phase of matter that could show how glass behaves (and it only took researchers 30 PAGES... Did Enceladus TIP OVER? Cassini images reveal Saturn's moon might have been kocked over by an asteroid... Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled... Need a hand with that? Bizarre strap on bot can give you an extra pair of arms From a chess playing robot with 'supervision' to a backpack that lets you experience VR anywhere: Taiwan's... MORE HEADLINES Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display How many dots do YOU see? Scientists reveal how our brains prefer their own invented visual images to reality The surprising ancestry of ancient Egyptians: First ever genome study of mummies reveals they were more Turkish and European than African The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple That really IS a Grand Canyon: NASA releases stunning image of the famous landmark snapped from space Do YOU have superpower genes? Experts reveal three genetic mutations that can give you extraordinary abilities Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Is this the Galaxy Note 8? Leaked video claims to show the follow up to the explosion prone Samsung smartphone Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled in by an 'event horizon' Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like if it were built today How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their lifetime to become immigrants in distant empires The app that lets you 'talk' to a loved one after they die by creating a realistic avatar of them using a single selfie The incredible moment an octopus outsmarts a crab fisherman and steals his catch MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story 'My deja vu is so extreme I can't tell what's real': Man describes how a brain tumor left him with severe flashbacks that distort his sense of reality 1 comment Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The Perfect Gift Book for Dads and Grads. Give them a summer of discovery and wonder. The Atlas Top Destinations Newly Added Places Most Popular Places Random Place Lists Add a Place Newly Added Places View All Places » Sacramento, California Samson Luggage Sculpture 38.6951, -121.5908 Oakley Green, England Giant Royal Heads 51.4770, -0.6701 Chicago, Illinois World Artifacts on the Tribune Tower Walls 41.8904, -87.6237 Marinaleda, Spain Marinaleda 37.3706, -4.9403 Top Destinations Countries Australia Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Cities Amsterdam Barcelona Beijing Berlin Boston Budapest Chicago London Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal Moscow New Orleans New York Paris Philadelphia Rome San Francisco Seattle Stockholm Tokyo Toronto Vienna Washington, D.C. SEE ALL 5632 DESTINATIONS IN THE ATLAS Stories BROWSE STORIES BY Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Most Recent Stories View All Stories » Confessions of a Poet-for-Hire How Noble Rot Makes for a Better, Peachier White Wine Watch a Snake Throw Up Another Snake The Intense Corporate 'Hell Camps' of 1980s Japan Events Quick Links All Events Explore Events Chicago Los Angeles New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Upcoming Events View All Events » May 31 Chicago Tour of the Roger Brown Study Collection Jun 2 Chicago Chicago for Chicagoans' Birthday Party! Jun 3 The Secret History of Meridian Hill Park Jun 3 Chatsworth Vegan Food Factory Trips Quick Links All Trips Where We Travel Morocco Venice Ukraine Bhutan Yucatán Chile Bulgaria Upcoming Trips View All Trips » Music and Medinas of Morocco Jun 23–Jun 30, 2017 Hidden Venice with a Psycho-Mambo Twist Jul 10–Jul 16, 2017 Chernobyl by Day, Kyiv by Night Sep 08–Sep 14, 2017 Festivals and Mountaintop Temples of Bhutan Sep 28–Oct 06, 2017 Sign In Join Sign In Join Press Enter ↵ for Place Results City Guides Places Stories Random Place Ancient Greece Memorials Objects of Intrigue Shipwrecks What's near me? Confessions of a Poet-for-Hire Brian Sonia-Wallace is about to become the first-ever Writer-in-Residence at the Mall of America. And this isn’t the first time he’s snagged a corporate sponsorship. by Cara Giaimo May 30, 2017 Email This Article From To Please separate multiple addresses with commas. We won't share addresses with third parties. Subscribe me to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter Brian Sonia-Wallace and his typewriter, working at UCLA in April. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace When the poet Brian Sonia-Wallace answers the phone from his apartment in Los Angeles one recent afternoon, there’s clearly a skip in his step. “I ordered a typewriter from 1917, and it just arrived,” he says. “It’s not fantastic, but it was $100, and I’m pretty chuffed with it.” Despite his penchant for old technology, Sonia-Wallace’s literary career has been decidedly contemporary, even futuristic. Rather than shutting himself up in an office and seeking wide publication in literary magazines, he lugs his typewriter out to the street, where he writes poems individually tailored to passers-by. And instead of chasing university jobs, he aligns himself with corporations and other large entities, having served as a poet-for-hire for Dollar Shave Club, Google, and the U.S. National Parks Service. Earlier this month, Sonia-Wallace was announced as the first-ever Writer-in-Residence for the Mall of America. It’s just one of the (paid) adventures he has planned for June—others include a stint writing screenplay fragments on the street for L.A. Tourism, some time in the Poetry Tent at Michigan’s Electric Forest music festival, and that other golden corporate writing assignment, an Amtrak residency. We spoke with Sonia-Wallace about his strategies for keeping poetry alive in a time and place that doesn’t seem too keen on supporting it, and how he keeps snagging all these paid poetry gigs. When did you first know you wanted to be a poet? I’ve been writing all my life, since I was a kid. I went to university in Scotland. I’m from L.A. originally, and I kind of wanted the opposite, so I went to college in a small medieval Scottish fishing village, which I think is about as far from L.A. as you can get. And I would go on walks through the farmland of Fife, and wear a flat cap, and call myself a poet, and write poetry and read it to whoever I was with. That was, I guess, the start. In some ways, it’s kind of a character—it’s a little bit of a game. There’s something really gleeful in being able to tell someone some words you thought of one time, and have them have an emotional response and be invested, and be engaged—and be like, “Me too!” Brian Sonia-Wallace, poet-for-hire, at work. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace When did you take the leap and make poetry your full-time occupation? I came back to L.A. after college. I did a lot of artistic internships, and wound up doing a nonprofit grant-writing job, which I think gave me a lot of skills in terms of being able to do a budget, being able to pitch a project—how to do planning and reporting when, at the end of the day, you’re working with other people’s money. So that was a huge and unforeseen [step in that direction]—something that wasn’t what I’m doing now, but definitely led to it. Through that, I kind of went: “I’m raising money for other people to make their thing. Could I raise money for myself to make my thing?” And so in 2014, I left my job and I started doing art independently. The poetry wasn’t actually the first thing that I landed on—that came a number of months in. I’d been doing a lot of different poetry actions. I do writing workshops in a park with a bunch of friends on typewriters, and we’d post the poems around the neighborhood. The idea was to create guerrilla art galleries, putting poetry in people’s everyday lives in public spaces. I’d been playing with that. But then in September 2014, I ended up having a commission for a theater piece that got cancelled. So I was like, well I can either get a minimum wage retail job, or I can try writing poems on the street. What was life like as a roaming poet-for-hire? I was just trying out writing everywhere. Showing up to farmer’s markets, showing up to art gallery openings, going to taco truck festivals. Just like, “Where are there people who maybe are interested in spending a little bit of money and having an experience?” I write poems based on customer requests. I remember in that first month, writing a poem for a 6-year-old in a parking lot at night. [The words of his request] are in other subsequent poems, which I think is why they stick in my mind. He said, “I want a poem about ‘I love you Grandpa,’ because he just passed.” So there was this incredibly adorable 6-year-old, and then also, his mom was right there with him, so her dad had just passed away. Writing something at his level that would also affect her, and that would be a tribute to someone who I had never met—it was a really interesting challenge. The poet and one of his poems. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace A surprising number of people want poems about their dogs. I guess that’s a thing that people need poems about. A lot of people just get whatever’s important to them, which is kind of an interesting exercise—just going around in public and asking people, “What’s important to you?” How did this more recent phase of your career get started? I’d done the poems-on-the-street thing a couple times before, and I had a sense of what I would make in tips. I ended up making California minimum wage before taxes. That was my benchmark. And then that ended up parlaying, in a really organic way, to people I’d met on the street going, “Oh, my company is having this party! Let me see if I can get some money for you to come write for us here.” Or, “I’m having cocktail hour with the city planners, let me see if I can bring you in as a special treat for the guests.” I think about what I do as poetry as a service, or literature as a service. And I’ve done events where I’ll be next to the bartender, or next to whatever other kind of entertainment is there. There’s something that I love about taking something that we think of as so inaccessible—“Who understands poetry anyways?”—and being like, no, this is something you might want, three drinks in, before going on with your night. It tickles me to mess with that perception a little bit. I’ve done a bit of work with people who have found me online. My personal site miraculously ended up having really good Google Analytics. It’s on the first page of results if you Google “hire a poet.” There was one old guy who called me, and he was like, “I need a poem for my friend’s wedding in three hours. Can you do that?” And I was like “Whoa, you actually caught me on a good afternoon. Tell me about your friend.” When did you first start working directly with companies? There were two [residencies] at the beginning. One of them was from a woman on the street who said “Oh, you know what, I actually do marketing for Dollar Shave Club, and we’ve been talking about having a weekly haiku column. Do you write haikus?” I was like, “Yes, of course I write haikus.” So I worked with them for a few months as the resident poet—not going into their offices, but writing a haiku column for them. It was the lifestyle section—stuff that people who buy the razors might also be interested in. They were interested in doing new releases in film and music, so I would write micro-teasers: Here are all the cultural things that are happening that you might be interested in, but you’re probably busy, so here’s five haikus about them, and you can decide which of them you want to look into more. It was great. It was an interesting mix of having to do research and cultural journalism, but within constraints. A view of the Santa Monica Mountains. The Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy is another of Sonia-Wallace’s past sponsors. CameronK23/CC BY-SA 3.0 Around the same time, the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy, which is just north of L.A., was having an artist-in-residence program. It specifically was targeting kids, and the woman who runs it has a background in youth education work, and is really interested in, “How can we have artists engage youth with the mountains?” So I worked with them, I worked with an after-school program, and we brought late elementary school kids up to the mountains. They all wrote their own plays and short works and performed them based on that experience. The funny thing about residencies—there’s this [misguided] idea of what a residency actually means. A lot of times it’s just what they’ll call artistic projects, or the idea that it’s an ongoing piece of work. So Amtrak and Mall of America will be the first two really where it’s been residential, where I’ll actually stay in a place that’s being provided. What interests you about these opportunities to embed somewhere specific and write? My background is in a lot of devised and site-specific theater. And so when I think about a lot of the work that I do now, it’s really in the vein of site-specific poetry. It’s something we don’t do, it’s not a thing—but maybe it should be! Maybe there are interesting ways of, through the connection with place, revitalizing this art form. On Instagram, one of the hashtags to get you into the poetry world is literally #poetryisnotdead. And it’s both sweet and super depressing. I’m like, ‘Whoever said poetry died?” [Puts on “sad poet” voice]: “I can’t get paid, it’s not a thing, I’ll just teach English”—I mean cool, but also, does it have to be that way? There are more improbable worlds. With site-specific poetry, you can take this tradition that, if you want—and I totally use this in all of these residency applications—you can stretch it back to the Dharma Bums riding the trains in the time of Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg. You can stretch it back to medieval bards wandering town to town, singing and writing songs about the town. And maybe some friendly nobility will give you money, and then you’ll praise them for a while, and then you’ll keep moving on. I see a really nice lineage there with what I’m trying to do as an artist working on making money from poetry. What’s your game plan for the Mall of America? What are you excited about? I’ve been talking to them a little bit about my environment. It’s really nice as an independent artist who so often scrounges, not necessarily just with resources, but with collaborator time. It’s hard to collaborate with a group of artists who all have six jobs. It’s great to have a designated team where it’s like, this is what they do. They’re the staff at the Mall of America. They’re like, “Oh yeah, what do you want for a backdrop? Let me make you some Pinterest boards?” Cool, you’re going to make a thing for me, and I just have to tell you what I want? Yeah! The Mall of America’s entrance. Michael Ocampo/CC BY 2.0 So we’ll see what we end up going with. I’ll have some sort of writerly backdrop. I’m interested in creating a little literary-retreat-oasis space, where it’s me on the typewriter, but there’s also some chairs and tables around where people can sit and watch me write. Having some books on them, maybe a take-one-leave-one library. We’ll see how it evolves, but the idea is that it’s more than just a writer sitting and writing. I’ve had some really interesting experiences doing corporate events, where people want to hang out. They don’t want to just get a poem and go on with their day. They want to share their writing, or talk about their favorite book. So we’ll be curating that a little bit. I am contractually obligated—and I love saying contractually obligated in this context—to be at that desk writing for four hours a day. My goal is to write 20 to 25 poems a day. One of the things I talked to the Mall about, is I said, “Hey, we’re not spending money on travel [because of the Amtrak residency]—do you think we could take that money and use it to bring in local artists as well?” We haven’t finalized or released the names yet, but I’m super excited. It’ll be a different artist from a different discipline for the last two hours every day. I’ll have been writing for a couple hours before that, so I’ll have some work they can respond to. We might do some on-the-spot collaboration. At this point, you’ve gotten all kinds of coveted corporate poetry gigs—Dollar Shave Club, the National Parks, the city of L.A., various music festivals, Amtrak, and now the Mall of America. What’s your secret? I think one of the reasons I got this residency was that within my pitch, I made really clear the different generational reactions to what I do. Working on a typewriter, I get nostalgia and I get novelty, along an age line. They’ll either really be taken back, and they’ll want to tell the story of how they learned to type, or how they used the typewriter to type their college essays. Or they’ll be younger people who just think typewriters are super high-tech because they print while you write. I always make a really bad joke—I always say it’s the new MacBook Pro. It’s the worst dad joke, but it works every time. In general, I don’t have an advanced degree in poetry. I’m not the most literate person in contemporary poetry. I think the key at the end of the day is understanding who you’re writing to. If I’m talking to a corporate client, I understand they have corporate needs. I’m not going to tell them, “Well, I’m writing Moby Dick, and it’s going to be the next great American novel, and you guys need to sit down for 10 years while I do that.” That’s not going to work. Sonia-Wallace takes his job on the road. courtesy Brian Sonia-Wallace I think we glorify this idea of the creative process as sacred, and the artist as sacrosanct, and that money corrupts, and that pure art should be free from all influences. At the end of the day, I just think that’s bullshit. If you believe that the personal is political, and that art is necessarily political and either progressive or counter-progressive, you have to accept that there’s always going to be a lot of influences pushing on any given work. So it’s kind of interesting to embrace those influences as being very public. I’m not trying to hide them. I’m not going to be like, “I wasn’t in the Mall when I wrote these poems.” I’ve been writing a lot about this lately, which I think is in part as a result of applying to these residencies: How can something that’s commercial still be intimate and personal and true, in a human way? Why align yourself with corporations at all? What role do you see them playing in the future of poetry? So many of the residencies I see—even submissions for literary stuff—are really this pay-to-play model. There was one that I was super excited about, where a group of artists go to the Arctic Circle, [but] it’s about $10,000 of cost to the artist. And that’s a fantastic thing for folks who either have a project that will make money that needs them to do that, or people who have that income lying around to do a vacation with some interesting product. I understand why it works in terms of the economics, but the result is just that the cultural producers pay money, and the cultural disseminators make a little money. I don’t think anyone’s getting rich off of the backs of writers—they’re just barely squeaking along by themselves. At the end of the day you end up with this weird, I want to call it a “trickle-up effect,” where the little money that artists are making, they’re spending trying to get their art out there. There’s not necessarily a career in that. And there’s this hope that you’ll make it, and you won’t have to pay anymore—but I don’t quite understand the pipeline, which is why I’ve kind of avoided it. I do a lot of arts advocacy work as well, at the city level. I’m a huge proponent of art as a good unto itself, and something that’s worth supporting. When I went to the U.K., Labor was still in power… and the context and the cultural understanding of what art-making means, and who is a patron of the arts, and who art is for, was much broader than it is in L.A., and in the U.S. at large. France has the idea that their biggest export is culture—I would argue that the U.S.’s biggest export is also culture, but we don’t necessarily call it that. And maybe we should think about curating, I guess, a little bit more, and think about the idea that the public has a role in curating the aesthetic and the culture of a place, and that the public’s representative is the government, and therefore the government maybe has a role, too. I’ve definitely embraced this idea of corporate poetry. I love the idea of showing private companies that poetry can add value to their bottom line, and having them bring poetry in, and enabling poets to maybe not make a full livelihood, but to have a good portion of their career supported by some of these gigs. So I see what I’m doing as broader than any single residency. If there are a couple of competitions, that’s great. But ideally what I’d love to do is, like, “Hey, Mall of America, holy crap, that was awesome—you got so much media time, you got so much community goodwill. You should do this every year.” That would be ideal for me. And then other people see that, other people start replicating it—if we can build a network of private enterprise supporting the arts and recognizing where artists can come in independently and work with them in a way that’s mutually beneficial, I think that’s about as good as we’re gonna get under a system of late capitalism, and a Republican president and Congress. Is there anything you’re nervous about going into this Mall of America gig? The thing I’m worried about, and working on problem solving for, is how to manage the flow of people. Obviously, as many people as possible who want a poem should be able to get a poem. But also I’m one guy, and the Mall is a large place, and this has had a decent amount of publicity. So I’m really interested in the challenge of how to curate who those people I’m writing for are—how to make sure that I’m being fair and accessible, but also that I’m having real interactions, rather than just jotting off three lines as fast as I can. The Mall of America’s enormous Nordstrom, which does not scare Sonia-Wallace one bit. Tony Webster/CC BY 2.0 As far as the writing—one of the really nice things about Amtrak, about Mall of America, about all of this is, I’ve done public writing in so many weird places that I’m not worried about that aspect of it. I did a gala last Friday night where I was outside, and I had to keep a door open to get light because none of the lamps and lights and stuff reached the area that I was. So I was sitting in this open doorway of light. I’ve really worked in many and varied writing conditions. And so I’m not like, “Oh, it’s going to throw me to be next to a Nordstrom.” I think the Nordstrom will be fine. This interview has been edited and condensed. #malls#money#literature Read Next How Noble Rot Makes for a Better, Peachier White Wine Recent Stories How Noble Rot Makes for a Better, Peachier White Wine Scientists compared how different fungi affect a wine's bouquet. Watch a Snake Throw Up Another Snake It's snake inception, and it isn't pretty. The Intense Corporate 'Hell Camps' of 1980s Japan They involved night hikes, forced public singing, and "ribbons of shame." Related Stories story malls Touring a Deserted, Dystopian Mall in Pennsylvania Once a mighty retail hub, Century III is now hauntingly empty. February 22, 2017 story atlas job board The Mall of America Is Looking for a Writer-in-Residence Must be willing to deeply immerse in the Mall's atmosphere. February 20, 2017 story malls Sold, for $100: A Massive Shopping Mall Once Valued at $190 Million The Galleria at Pittsburgh Mills had fallen on hard times. January 20, 2017 story malls The Battle For The Crown Of America's Best Shopping Mall June 10, 2015 From Elsewhere Recent Stories How Noble Rot Makes for a Better, Peachier White Wine Scientists compared how different fungi affect a wine's bouquet. Watch a Snake Throw Up Another Snake It's snake inception, and it isn't pretty. The Intense Corporate 'Hell Camps' of 1980s Japan They involved night hikes, forced public singing, and "ribbons of shame." Enjoying This Story? Get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter and get our latest, sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Thanks for subscribing! Related Stories Found: A Billion Rubles Dumped at an Abandoned Mining Operation Found: A Lost Wallet, 13 Years Later Found: Mystery Safe Unopened for 40 Years The Atlas Recently Added Most Popular Random Curious Facts Add a Place Events Upcoming Events Upcoming Trips Stories Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Company About Contact Us FAQ Work With Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Thanks for subscribing! © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. Questions or Feedback? Contact Us Add Some Wonder to Your Inbox Every weekday we compile our most wondrous stories and deliver them straight to you. Subscribe No Thanks We'd Like You to Like Us Like Atlas Obscura and get our latest and greatest stories in your Facebook feed. No Thanks Like Us on Facebook
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Nighttime, early morning bombings in Baghdad kill 31 US Navy SEAL plunges to death after parachute malfunctions in NY harbor → Google Search just got a lot more personal Posted on May 30, 2017 by Sunfire BGR – by Chris Smith Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option.   Image Source: Google When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private resultssection. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. http://bgr.com/2017/05/30/google-search-personal-results-tab/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 443 ← Nighttime, early morning bombings in Baghdad kill 31 US Navy SEAL plunges to death after parachute malfunctions in NY harbor → One Response to Google Search just got a lot more personal # 1 NWO Hatr says: May 30, 2017 at 3:47 pm “So what’s inside the Personal you ask?” NSA/DHS. Probably Mossad, too. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Martist on Baltimore considers Confederate monument removal ‘in the footsteps of New Orleans’: report Martist on Handicap Senior Citizen U.S Military Vet Stands Up & Cucks Antifa NC on California Pushes Forward $400 Billion Universal Health Care Bill d on Students Furious Over Release Of Video Depicting Them Going Berserk At College BMF on Dr Mandell Exercises Bob From Wisconsin on G. Edward Griffin Debunks the JFK/Fed Myth Angel-NYC on How to live a long life Katie on How to live a long life mary in ND on How to live a long life Enemy of the State on The Black and Blue Bill Enemy of the State on Australian paedophiles face international travel ban Enemy of the State on Officer Who Shot 12-Year Old Tamir Rice Fired From Cleveland PD Enemy of the State on Lawsuit Exposes Fmr Speaker of the House for the Rape of a 10yo Boy in a Bathroom # 1 NWO Hatr on Students Furious Over Release Of Video Depicting Them Going Berserk At College # 1 NWO Hatr on Lawsuit Exposes Fmr Speaker of the House for the Rape of a 10yo Boy in a Bathroom # 1 NWO Hatr on 8 Dead, Including Deputy Sheriff, After Mississippi Shooting; Suspect in Custody # 1 NWO Hatr on 8 Dead, Including Deputy Sheriff, After Mississippi Shooting; Suspect in Custody # 1 NWO Hatr on Trump Administration Seeks To Deny Gun Rights To Non-Violent “Criminals” # 1 NWO Hatr on Russia And Iran Sign Oil-For-Goods Barter Deal; Escape Petrodollar # 1 NWO Hatr on Welcome to the Happy World of Everlasting Deceit Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Dozens of Android Apps Infected with Korean Adware Marshall Honorof Senior Writer Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share One of the easiest ways to avoid malicious software on Android phones is to install apps only from the Google Play Store. Google vets every program that crosses into its storefront, and the vast majority of them are perfectly safe. (Even if the vast majority of them are also perfectly banal.) Credit: KiniwiniMore Credit: Kiniwini Still, a clever developer can sneak something dangerous into otherwise innocuous code, and that’s just what Korean game-maker Enistudio Corp., part of a larger Korean company called KiniWini, may have done. "Judy" isn’t only the mascot for the company’s casual games; it’s also the name that security researchers have given to a well-hidden strain of adware that could compromise your phone's performance. If you've got an app from Enistudio, you might want to delete it. Israeli security firm Check Point investigated what it called "The Judy Malware," although the "malware" label is debatable. While the Judy apps do indeed install shady software on your phone and do so without your knowledge or explicit permission, they don't actually harm your phone, steal your data or compromise your privacy. Rather, the Judy apps are adware — programs that hog your phone’s resources to generate ad-click revenue for dubious paymasters in distant corner of the world. MORE: Best Android Antivirus Apps The good news is that Google has already removed the Judy apps from the Play store — all 50 or so of them. While the vast majority of Judy apps were casual games from Enistudio starring the eponymous pink-haired mascot, a handful were finance, music, calendar or fashion apps from other Korean developers. You can scrutinize Check Point’s blog post for a full listing of the offending apps, but even if you’ve installed one, you don’t have to worry. Simply uninstalling the program will take the adware with it. Avoiding similar apps in the future may be a more difficult proposition. Check Point explains that some Judy apps had been in the Play Store for years, and up to 18.5 million people may have downloaded the various programs. Most of the apps had positive, organic user reviews. The adware may have been part of a recent update, or it may have been part of the software since the beginning — Check Point can't tell for sure. (It appears that the malicious code was added to each app after installation.) The episode is a dismaying reminder that while Google Play’s security protocols may be good, they’re not perfect, and even a minor breach can affect millions of users. The best way to avoid malicious Android apps is to install them only from legitimate sources, such as the Google Play Store, but that would not have helped in this case. An Android antivirus program may have caught the programs’ suspicious behavior — or not, since the programs weren’t technically compromising the phone or the information on it in any way. The sad truth is that there’s no surefire way to avoid every piece of unwanted software on the internet. Sometimes, all you can do is use common sense, install an antivirus program and hope for the best. See also : 33 Simple Ways to Avoid Getting Hacked Best Password Managers 15 Android Security Tips Best VPN Services and Apps Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Amazon’s 15 best deals: 256GB microSD card, fidget spinners, iPhone microSD reader, Echo Dot, more BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Pentagon declares success for key test of missile defense Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Events Membership Newsletter Reports Services Download: PSFK NYC Retail Guide Loading... menu Explore by Retail Retail> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Customer Retention Shopper Experience Loyalty Omnichannel By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Advertising Advertising> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Brand Development Experiential Marketing Product Launch Engagement By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All Design Design> Reports Statistics By Industry Vertical Automotive Automotive> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Banking & Finance Banking & Finance> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Beauty Beauty> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Consumer Goods Consumer Goods> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Entertainment Entertainment> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Fashion Fashion> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Food Food> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Home Home> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Travel Travel> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All Wellness Wellness> By Activity By Activity> Consumer Goods Sustainability Cities Art & Culture By Demographic By Demographic> Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Experts By Geography By Geography> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Statistics All All consulting Events Membership Reports Get our Newsletter About Google Versus Apple: A Clash To Excel In Augmented And Virtual Reality Augmented & Virtual Reality Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Abhinav Girdhar, CEO of Appy Pie, looks at how the tech giants are developing technology to compete for market dominance in AR and VR products PSFK Op-Eds 30 may 2017 Augmented reality and virtual reality have taken the world by storm. One recent report predicts that AR and VR headset sales will ring up around $36 billion in annual revenue by 2027, nearly 10 times the expected annual revenue rate for AR and VR devices for 2017. It’s been a long time coming, though. While AR and VR were introduced in the 90s by video game manufacturers like Nintendo and Sega, the technology and adoption of the technology didn’t really start to take off until 2012 and 2014, when Oculus VR came out with the Oculus Rift and Facebook bought the company, respectively. With the increasing innovation and Facebook’s stamp of approval, a.k.a. its acquisition of Oculus VR, a slew of hi-tech companies showed interest and presented some cool demos, providing users with a thrilling experience that blends the real with the virtual. This included startups like Magic Leap, to tech giants like Google, Apple and Microsoft. At this point, it’s safe to say there is no question: AR and VR are the wave of the future. What is in question, however, is which company will end up winning the AR and VR war, which seemed to be on everyone’s minds after Google CEO Sundar Pichai introduced Google Lens at its Developers Conference last week. With the help of its Google Assistant, it can now make use of the smartphone camera to display relevant content by analyzing one’s surroundings. This is compared with Apple, which is also not so far. Apple CEO Tim Cook is excited and serious about augmented and virtual reality, and has considered it as a game-changer that is going to become a part of daily life. As rumormongering continues, it is quite clear that both Apple and Google are working to bring the most out of this innovative technology, which will surely cause a huge clash in the future. To help understand who will be the future leader of AR and VR, I’ve shared some thoughts below. Virtual Assistant Though Apple’s virtual assistant Siri is a crowd pleaser, Google’s voice search tool is more accurate and provides better response than Siri.  While Apple is working on making Siri more accurate and smarter, it is still way behind in the race compared to Google. So, with the next-gen Google Assistant, which identifies real-world objects with Google Lens, it is clear that Google has an upper hand over Apple for now. Second Quarter: Uniquely Designed AR Smartphones   The future of Apple depends on AR and VR technology; therefore they are putting in extra time and effort to create unique AR-optimized smartphones and wearables that enable persistent and smooth augmentation of the real world. Though others, including Google, Microsoft and Facebook, are giving Apple a run for its money in the AR world, when it comes to developing impressive smartphones and wearables, Apple is the leader. Virtual Reality Google is all set to dominate the AR and VR world with VR headsets, VR-ready phones and two AR phones, while it is rumored that Apple is ready to launch virtual reality in its upcoming iPhones. Whatever the final outcome, it’s certain that users will get to experience amazing AR- and VR-enabled smartphones and wearables in the future. As of today, Google beats Apple in virtual reality, but with AR iPhones in the future, a tough competition is sure to emerge in the AR and VR world. Augmented Reality Tim Cook considers augmented reality as big an idea as smartphones and according to him, Apple is set to launch AR featured smartphones in the market very soon. After the iPhones, AR glasses are further down the road, which will be backed with the ability to capture objects and provide contextual information based on the real world. As of now, Apple is still working on its AR and VR products, while Google is far ahead and planning to go big with its Google Assistant, Google Lens and Google Home. A multitude of AR and VR gadgets have been introduced in the market. Some of them were big hits, while others weren’t able to keep up with the pace of this evolving technology in order meet users’ expectations. Although the above points put Google at the forefront of AR and VR technology, one never knows what Apple has in store. With multiple future plans, it looks like Apple and Google will surely dominate the market—but to what extent, no one knows. Abhinav “Abs” Girdhar is CEO of Appy Pie. A Cloud-based Mobile Application Development Software, Appy Pie allows anyone with no technical knowledge to create free mobile apps. Lead image: Young man and woman sitting at a table and using virtual reality goggles via Shutterstock +abhinav girdhar Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Apple Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +augmented reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Facebook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Google Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google assistant Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +google lens Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +iphone Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Oculus VR Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +op-ed Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Siri Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Tim Cook Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder +Virtual Reality Create Alert Create Alert Create Favorites Folder Doc Portrait PDF Landscape PDF Doc EMail Share Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Innovative Retailers Who Are Reviving NYC's Financial District Matt Vitone Posted May 30, 2017 Cities Automotive Yesterday Nissan Is Turning Car Technology Into Safety Tools For Fishermen Augmented & Virtual Reality Yesterday Can VR Stop Bad City Developments Before They Happen? Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: CES 2016 Guide Advertising Yesterday How Bite-Sized Content Is Changing The Way We Consume Media Cities Yesterday A New Type Of Workplace Is Rising In NYC's Sunset Park Analysis & Newsletters Get Our Newsletter: Non-members can sign up for a free dose of daily and weekly insights. Related Expert Karl Krantz Travel may 26, 2017 Air New Zealand Is Bringing Augmented Reality Into The Cabin Retail Yesterday 'Car Ears' Will Listen To The Engine And Diagnose Specific Problems Media & Publishing Yesterday Airbnb Launches A Print Magazine Guides DOWNLOAD: PSFK NYC Retail Guide - Exploring Innovation Within A Global Retail Hub PSFK Op-Ed may 29, 2017 Connected Product Experts: How Consumer Brands Can Build A Smarter Product PSFK Labs may 26, 2017 Download PSFK's New York City Retail Guide Entertainment Yesterday How Bite-Sized Content Is Changing The Way We Consume Media Arts & Culture Yesterday NYCxDesign: Interactive Bench Delivers Light Show When Touched PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Membership Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Design & Architecture Yesterday Chair Designs Are Inspired By Hong Kong's Varied Skyline Advertising Yesterday NYCxDesign: Baseballs, Burgers And Birdhouses Transformed Into Sensory Design Experiments Videos Framing The Future…Live: Membership includes full access to our video archive of thought-leaders. Health Yesterday Microinsurance Offers Health Coverage In Exchange For Phone Credit Debriefs DOWNLOAD: The Food Debrief - Cognitive retail for anytime, anywhere convenience AI Yesterday Introducing A New Breed of UX Analytics: Here’s Why Traditional UX Falls Short Home Yesterday Equipping Connected Homes With A Smarter Brain Events & Webinars Join Fellow Change-Makers: Meet other like-minded members at our inspiration sessions every month. Education Yesterday Learn Arabic And Help Save A Refugee Through A Single Socially-Minded Platform Sustainability Yesterday Crowd Investment Platform Uses Small Acts To Solve Big World Problems Technology Yesterday All You Need Is Your Face To Ride The Subway Of The Future No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts pdf download Shared 10 20 posts pdf download 7 Purposeful Takeaways From PSFK 2017 Advertising Statistics [News] Parsons Designs Clothes for People of All Abilities [News] Scientists 3-D Print Mouse Ovaries That Actually Make Babies [News] San Francisco is considering legislation that would ban sidewalk delivery robots [Insight] Web-Retail Startups Turn for Growth to Bricks and Mortar [Quote] Farfetch North America president Jeff Fowler: ‘The store of the future will never be finished’ [News] Social Native raises $8 million for user-created advertisements [News] These Mushrooms Can Turn Plastic Waste into Food [Insight] Inside India’s Plans To Leapfrog The Western Model Of Car Ownership [Insight] Retail Automation: Nearly Half of all Retail Jobs Could Be Lost [News] Tesco Introduces Shopping-Filter App For Customers With Diets And Intolerances [News] PepsiCo has experimented with mealworm powder for its snacks and drinks [News] McDonald’s expands delivery to more than 1,000 locations [News] NBCUniversal spent around $230 million to buy the video tutorial site Craftsy [Opinion] Staying in Is the New Going Out [Insight] How Privacy Became a Commodity for the Rich and Powerful [News] Google is using AI in messaging [News] Voice-assisted platform debuts with the ability to let consumers communicate with brands at home [Opinion] Robots Aren’t Destroying Enough Jobs [News] Colleges are starting varsity programs for video games [Insight] Senseless Government Rules Could Cripple the Robo-Car Revolution [News] Nike Names Design Contest Winner To Reinvent Sneakers For All Abilities [Insight] Why Cash Is King No More [News] Jet Links With Story for Fresh Food Concept [News] Gillette one ups Dollar Shave Club with on-demand razor ordering service where you text to order [News] Alipay and WeChat Pay Make Push Into North America [Insight] Staples Revamps Marketing To Focus On Delivery [Insight] Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data [Insight] L’Oréal beauty bot learns your style to make gift giving easier [Insight] BuzzFeed Thinks Marketers Will Find More Success With Psychographics Than Demographics [News] ‘Napercise’ Is The New Workout Of Your Dreams Sign Up Newsletter Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Custom Research Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: YouTube Android app gets a new bottom navigation bar in latest update Newsby John Callaham8 hours ago 11 456 26 Android fans of the YouTube app will soon notice that the main navigation bar will be moved from the top to the bottom of the app. This is part of the latest update to the YouTube app, which began rolling out today in the Google Play Store. See also: How to download YouTube videos for offline watching 1 week ago In a post on its product forums, Google stated that this new update for Android will make the YouTube experience more consistent across its mobile platforms (the new UI is already available on the iOS app). The navigation bar on the bottom now shows the Home, Trending, Subscriptions, and Library options. By the way, the Library section has now been separated from the previous Account option, which can now be accessed on the top bar of the app in the profile icon, along with Settings. Any videos you have uploaded or purchased are in the Library section, while also including your YouTube watch history and playlists. The bottom navigation bar should be available on all YouTube app pages, with the exception of when you actually watch videos. Google adds that the YouTube Android app will also remember where you left off on each tab, which should make it easier to navigate the sea of videos when you go back to, say, the Home section. Keep in mind this update has just started to roll out for the YouTube app, so it may take a few days for it to reach your device. If you already have this new design, what are your impressions of the new nav bar on the bottom? Let us know your thoughts in the comments! Get it at Google Play News YouTube YouTube  Google Forums  Android Police John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 11 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 International Giveaway! 3 days ago24 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Slate Sign In Sign Up Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars Slate Sign In Sign Up ASU | NEW AMERICA | SLATE Learn more about Future Tense » Slate Future Tense The Citizen's Guide to the Future May 30 2017 5:47 PM Uber Has Axed the Engineer at the Center of Its Legal Blowup With Google Over Self-Driving Cars By Ian Prasad Philbrick   Levandowski at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center on September 13, 2016 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, the embattled Uber engineer at the center of a legal showdown with Google, has been fired, according to an internal email sent to employees and reviewed by the New York Times on Tuesday. Levandowski’s canning stems from several torturous months of litigation between Uber and Alphabet, Google’s holding company, that thrust the engineer’s purported improprieties into the spotlight. Waymo, the self-driving car division that Alphabet spun off into its own corporate entity last December, launched the suit in February. As I wrote earlier this month, Waymo claims that shortly before Levandowski left his position with Google X (Alphabet’s moonshot project research lab), he made off with 14,000 documents’ worth of proprietary navigation technology critical to the development of better autonomous vehicles. Advertisement Levandowski’s short tenure with Uber began last July, after the San Francisco-based company acquired Otto—the self-driving truck startup he founded after leaving Google—for a reported $680 million. Levandowski then helmed Uber’s Advanced Technologies Group, the company’s internal autonomous car division, until April, when he stepped aside amid PR fallout from the lawsuit. Although he is not named in the suit, Alphabet’s allegation that Uber knew about and abetted Levandowski’s theft has turned him into a pivotal figure in the case. TechCrunch reports that Levandowski’s firing followed “months of the company attempting to have him comply with and assist its own internal investigation into the matter.” On May 15, the company’s top brass sent Levandowski a brusque letter reminding him that failure to abide by its directives with regard to the case could result in his sacking. The letter read in part: As a condition of your employment at Uber, you must comply with all of the requirements set forth in this letter. If you do not agree to comply with all of the requirements set forth herein, or if you fail to comply in a material manner, then Uber will take adverse employment action against you, which may include termination of your employment. But Levandowski had been less than cooperative. Business Insider reported Tuesday that in the weeks before his firing, he invoked the Fifth Amendment and hired outside counsel. That insubordination was apparently enough for Uber to let him go, according to the Times. On May 11, Judge William Alsup of the U.S. District Court for Northern California denied Uber’s motion for private arbitration, guaranteeing that two tech titans’ legal slugfest—which may air the true extent of Levandowski’s alleged misdeeds—will play out in full view of the public. Even as Uber throws Levandowski under Alphabet’s (self-driving?) bus, the ride-hailing company has resolutely stood by its own innocence. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” the company’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, Angela Padilla, wrote in an email to employees quoted by the Times. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” Levandowski’s dismissal is another self-inflicted bug on Uber’s proverbial windshield. The company is also facing unwelcome scrutiny following a string of mostly avoidable self-owns, including a criminal probe launched by the U.S. Department of Justice earlier this month, plucky industry rivals plotting to undermine its profits, and allegations that its heady workplace culture—led by hard-charging CEO Travis Kalanick—failed to discipline employees who regularly harassed their female co-workers. Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. Ian Prasad Philbrick is a Slate contributor. Follow him on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Scott Pelley is out as the anchor of 'CBS Evening News' 50 prospective jurors sworn in as officer Yanez's trial opens Bidding for Southwest light rail contract is delayed a third time Man sitting in a van in Minneapolis is shot in the head and killed Berrios struggles, Twins continue trek backward in loss to Houston Minn. House members decry 'Scaffold' in letter to Walker; Dakota elders meet about sculpture Hennepin County judge stays a teardown that would lead to 40-story condo tower Same developers pitch Fla. mall that would dwarf Mall of America Chipotle: 60-plus Minn. stores hit by payment card malware next Business 425388143 Uber fires star engineer at heart of self-driving dispute Technology executive is at center of legal battle over trade secrets.  By Mike Isaac New York Times May 30, 2017 — 6:20pm New York Times taking the fifth: Anthony Levandowski has asserted his Fifth Amendment rights in Uber’s battle with Waymo. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint SAN FRANCISCO – Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, a vice president of technology and the star engineer leading the company’s self-driving automobile efforts, according to an internal e-mail sent to employees Tuesday. Levandowski’s termination, effective immediately, comes as a result of his involvement in a legal battle between Uber and Waymo, the self-driving technology unit spun out of Google last year. Waymo claims that Uber is using trade secrets stolen from Google to develop Uber’s self-driving vehicles, a plan aided by Levandowski, a former longtime Google employee. Uber has long denied the accusations. But when Levandowski was ordered by a federal judge to hand over evidence and testimony to that end, he asserted his Fifth Amendment rights, seeking to avoid possible criminal charges, according to his lawyers. Uber has been unable to convince Levandowski to cooperate. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an e-mail to employees. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” Uber and Waymo are locked in competition as they develop autonomous vehicles, considered by many to be the future of transportation. The outcome of the case may affect who wins or loses in perfecting the technology, which has also attracted other technology companies, automakers, start-ups and components manufacturers. In recent weeks, Uber has tried to minimize the fallout internally around its self-driving research arm. Levandowski voluntarily stepped down from reporting directly to Uber Chief Executive Travis Kalanick, and has recused himself from any decisions made on lidar technology, a critical component in autonomous vehicles. That has not been enough. In a court ruling last week, U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup, of the Northern District of California, who is presiding over the case, barred Levandowski from any work on lidar and ordered Uber to produce a timeline of the events leading to Levandowski’s hiring, including all oral and written discussions about lidar technology. Alsup also ordered Uber to do what it could to ensure the return to Waymo of any files that were thought to be stolen, including the possibility of terminating Levandowski’s employment at Uber. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends 2017 Summer Camp Guide Renew Costco membership before the price goes up Thursday Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Chipotle: 60-plus Minn. stores hit by payment card malware Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving Walker delays Sculpture Garden opening after 'Scaffold' protests Waymo, Lyft to team up on self-driving vehicles Qualcomm: Apple is pressuring contractors in patent dispute Celebrity news: Allison Janney fights panic attacks Cars take place with PCs and smartphones as threat to privacy If you're poor, you'll pay more for car insurance, study finds More From Business National 23 minutes ago Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns President Donald Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to world leaders and urging them to call him directly, an unusual invitation that breaks diplomatic protocol and is raising concerns about the security and secrecy of the U.S. commander in chief's communications. Minneapolis 12:28am Hennepin County judge stays a teardown that would lead to 40-story condo tower Neighborhood group wins skirmish in multifront battle to stop a tower across from downtown Minneapolis. National 12:25am Property tax, park fees, judicial salaries up for votes The Legislature's budget-writing Joint Finance Committee planned to vote on several parts of Gov. Scott Walker's two-year spending plan on Wednesday. Those include: National 12:25am Ending popular Wisconsin outdoors magazine up for vote A popular outdoors magazine published by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources that's on the chopping block could get saved by the Legislature's budget-writing committee on Wednesday. National 12:20am Illinois Legislature, governor set national futility record The Illinois General Assembly that launched the careers of such political giants as Abraham Lincoln, Stephen A. Douglas and Barack Obama and the governor's office once occupied by Adlai Stevenson II have set a record in futility in failing to agree on an annual spending plan for more than two years, the longest fiscal drought of any state since at least the Great Depression. Top Stories Surly to close Brewer's Table, chef Jorge Guzman is leaving May. 30 Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers May. 30 Scott Pelley is out as the anchor of 'CBS Evening News' 12:42am Most Read Renew Costco membership before the price goes up Thursday • Business Same developers pitch Fla. mall that would dwarf Mall of America • Business As Americans take on more debt, some pockets of concern • Nation Hack your car? Minnesota-based entrepreneurs have a tool for you • Business Minnesota's solar energy subsidies look to be on their way out • Business World Explosion in diplomatic area of Kabul kills 9, wounds dozens Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Nation Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airport In Chicago's crisis of violence, some signs of hope Politics Gov. Dayton signs budget and tax bills, but fight not over with lawmakers Franken's new book takes on Trump, Republican colleagues (with jokes) markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Berrios struggles, Twins continue trek backward in loss to Houston Reusse: Falvey, Twins need to stay committed to winning and not quick fixes Vikings Vikings' Treadwell learning when to push, when to rest his body Vikings sign five 2017 draft picks, only Dalvin Cook remains unsigned MN United Approved tax relief is good news for United's stadium plans Scottish winger Sam Nicholson in town looking at Minnesota United Celebrities Kathy Griffin apologizes for Trump photo: 'I went too far' Coldplay, Bieber to join Ariana Grande at Manchester concert Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Local small businesses fight for a chance to cash in on Super Bowl LII poll 75 years later, a casualty of Pearl Harbor comes home 01:46 Seventy-five years after Glaydon I.C. Iverson was killed aboard the USS Oklahoma ... 10,000 Takes I divorced my husband but forged a lasting bond with his ex-wife Can the 'No Buy' challenge cure my shopping habit? Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video Rep. Ilhan Omar top angler of governor's fishing opener 00:57 Minneapolis representative Ilhan Omar led all fisherman with 13 fish caught ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC May 22, 2017 348 C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community May 15, 2017 507 Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 1.7K May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Most Popular Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community Five-man Spinneys shames CML International WVL launches women’s volleyball tournament International community condemns EJKs Robredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion Rally vs death penalty held in Cebu Latest News Local NewsRia Money Transfer now operates in GCC Local NewsC3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International SPORTSWVL launches women’s volleyball tournament NEWSInternational community condemns EJKs NEWSRobredo asks SC to junk Marcos motion NEWSRally vs death penalty held in Cebu NEWSEstrada to meet with Islamic leaders Local NewsSecond Hot Palayok opens in Dubai Entertainment‘Always JaDine’ conquers Dubai ‘Google Duo’ is Google’s latest video-calling app Ryan Thomas Namia August 18, 2016 11:39 am TECHNOLOGY 595 0 DUBAI—A new video chat app, Google Duo, that works exclusively for smartphones, has started to rollout on Tuesday, August 16. The simple one-to-one video calling app that is a direct alternative to Apple’s FaceTime is currently available for Android and iOs users. “Duo takes the complexity out of video calling so that you can be together in the moment wherever you are,” Google said in its blogsite. When a user signs up, the app checks user’s phone number then sends a confirmation text. The said app does not require a user to sign up a Google account. Duo seamlessly switches between mobile data and Wi-Fi without dropping the call. It also comes with a feature called Knock Knock which lets the user to see live video of the caller before answering the call. In addition, the Duo is built with an emphasis on privacy and security, and all calls are end-to-end encrypted. “Users are reluctant to video call because they don’t know if the other person is on the right network, the right device or it’s a good time to call. We’ve tried to remove all that friction and make it feel like an invitation, not an interruption when someone calls you,” Amity Fulay, Google’s group manager for communications said in a theguardian.comreport. Google said that their latest application will be live worldwide in the next few days. Facebook Comments Website Comments Vanessa Nolan May 16th, 2017 Reply Inclusion of garlic in diet is an important natural cure for bacterial vaginosis. If a product has been FDA approved then it has been thoroughly tested as well as proven safe. Make sure you use the right home remedies for bacterial vaginosis treatment. Melanie Blake May 16th, 2017 Reply mens polo shirt will be a real kick verified trends having polo ralph lauren outlet not ever removed out from design and style. This could cause these people a apposite solution because promotional items. Demonstrating promotional mens polo shirt to be able to customers is really an correct system to attract this not to mention doable,ralph lauren outlet stores, clients towards your special company. Marketing and advertising through these people, hence, needs that safety concerning application. Robert Martin May 16th, 2017 Reply Normally I do not read article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thank you, quite great post. Peter Wallace May 16th, 2017 Reply This very blog is no doubt educating and also factual. I have chosen helluva handy stuff out of this amazing blog. I’d love to visit it again and again. Cheers! Stephen Davies May 17th, 2017 Reply I think other web site proprietors should take this site as an model, very clean and excellent user friendly style and design, as well as the content. You’re an expert in this topic! Matt Hughes May 17th, 2017 Reply Thank you a lot for giving everyone an extraordinarily terrific opportunity to read articles and blog posts from this blog. It is often very cool and as well , full of a great time for me personally and my office fellow workers to visit your web site nearly 3 times per week to see the new secrets you will have. And definitely, I’m so certainly pleased with your amazing tricks you serve. Some 4 points in this post are without a doubt the finest I’ve had. Nathan Carr May 18th, 2017 Reply wonderful submit, very informative. I ponder why the opposite experts of this sector do not understand this. You must continue your writing. I’m confident, you have a huge readers’ base already! Nicola Mathis May 18th, 2017 Reply Strangely enough, Koskiniemi et al17 described that will 40% involving 174 individuals together with HZE acquired zoster sine herpete. Charles Hart May 18th, 2017 Reply This is an awesome entry. Thank you very much for the supreme post provided! I was looking for this entry for a long time, but I wasn’t able to find a honest source. Lucas Powell May 19th, 2017 Reply I simply could not depart your site prior to suggesting that I really enjoyed the usual information an individual provide to your visitors? Is going to be again steadily to investigate cross-check new posts Donna Hunter May 19th, 2017 Reply Super news indeed. My friend has been looking for this update. Anthony Robertson May 20th, 2017 Reply Hello my family member! I wish to say that this article is amazing, nice written and include approximately all vital infos. I would like to peer extra posts like this . Dorothy Churchill May 20th, 2017 Reply Pretty! This was an extremely wonderful article. Thank you for supplying this info. Jan Underwood May 20th, 2017 Reply Wonderful paintings! This is the type of info that are meant to be shared around the net. Disgrace on the search engines for no longer positioning this submit upper! Come on over and discuss with my site . Thanks =) Michelle Poole May 20th, 2017 Reply Good day I am so happy I found your web site, I really found you by mistake, while I was researching on Yahoo for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say cheers for a marvelous post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the awesome job. Zoe Chapman May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group?There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers Kimberly Mills May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi, I wish for to subscribe for this weblog to obtain hottest updates, so where can i do it please help out. David Rutherford May 22nd, 2017 Reply I blog quite often and I really thank you for your content. The article has truly peaked my interest. I will bookmark your website and keep checking for new information about once per week. I subscribed to your RSS feed too. Victoria Carr May 22nd, 2017 Reply I’m really loving the theme/design of your website. Do you ever run into any internet browser compatibility issues? A handful of my blog readers have complained about my blog not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Chrome. Do you have any ideas to help fix this problem? David Ross May 22nd, 2017 Reply Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks Julia Wilkins May 22nd, 2017 Reply Wow! Thank you! I always needed to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a part of your post to my site? Piers Berry May 23rd, 2017 Reply I agree with your points, good post. Stephanie Ferguson May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hmmm iis anyone else experiencing problems woth thhe pictures on thijs blog loading?I’m trying to determine if its a problem oon myy end or if it’s the blog. Any feed-back would be greatly appreciated.my blog fun88 mobile Madeleine Bailey May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hey there! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone 4! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the excellent work! Sophie Morrison May 23rd, 2017 Reply What could be the differenbce from your bootleg movie plus a PSP legal download. Furthermore, Stanza is designed for free in the i Tunes Store. Paul Vance May 24th, 2017 Reply Hello, i feel that i saw you visited my web site so i came to go back the choose?.I’m trying to in finding things to improve my website!I assume its ok to make use of a few of your concepts!! Gordon Dyer May 24th, 2017 Reply Significantly, this publish is definitely the sweetest on this notable topic. I harmonise with your conclusions and will thirstily look ahead to your incoming updates. Declaring many thanks will not just be sufficient, for the phenomenal clarity in your writing. I will straight grab your rss feed to stay informed of any updates. Admirable function and considerably good results in your small business dealings!&nbsp Make sure you excuse my bad English as it is not my 1st tongue. Megan Terry May 24th, 2017 Reply It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people about this subject, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about!ThanksFeel free to surf to my web blog beats by dre vs sennheiser Kylie Dowd May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Fiona Ferguson May 25th, 2017 Reply What i do not understood is actually how you’re not really much more well-liked than you might be right now. You’re so intelligent. You realize therefore significantly relating to this subject, made me personally consider it from a lot of varied angles. Its like women and men aren’t fascinated unless it’s one thing to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always maintain it up! Harry Springer May 25th, 2017 Reply Hey! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having problems finding one? Thanks a lot! Anne Mackay May 26th, 2017 Reply Wonderful beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept Maria Manning May 26th, 2017 Reply I am not rattling superb with English but I line up this rattling easy to understand. Lisa Gibson May 26th, 2017 Reply Great post! We are linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the great writing. Kevin Baker May 26th, 2017 Reply great issues altogether, you just gained a new reader. What might you suggest about your put up that you made a few days ago? Any sure? Benjamin Dyer May 27th, 2017 Reply Hey there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this website. Dorothy Kerr May 27th, 2017 Reply Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers! Jane Bower May 27th, 2017 Reply I do love the way you have framed this difficulty and it does present us a lot of fodder for thought. However, from everything that I have seen, I just trust when the actual responses pack on that people continue to be on issue and in no way embark upon a soap box of the news du jour. Anyway, thank you for this excellent piece and though I can not concur with this in totality, I respect the point of view. Lillian Rutherford May 27th, 2017 Reply YouTube movies are well-known in whole globe, since it is the biggest video sharing web site, and I turn out to be too cheerful by watching YouTube videos. Andrea Anderson May 28th, 2017 Reply Unquestionably believe that that you said. Your favourite reason seemed to be on the internet the simplest thing to be mindful of. I say to you, I certainly get irked while other people consider worries that they just do not recognize about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also outlined out the entire thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will likely be again to get more. Thank you Anne Greene May 28th, 2017 Reply Everything is very open with a precise description of the issues. It was truly informative. Your website is very useful. Thank you for sharing! Alexander Baker May 29th, 2017 Reply Heya outstanding blog! Does running a blog such aas this take a lot of work? I have no knowledge of programming hokwever I had been hoping too start my own blog in the near future. Anyhow, shouyld yyou have any recommendations or technikques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off subject nevertheless I simply needed tto ask. Appreciate it! Jonathan Russell May 29th, 2017 Reply I’m still learning from you, but I’m improving myself. I certainly enjoy reading all that is written on your blog.Keep the stories coming. I enjoyed it! Diana Fisher May 29th, 2017 Reply I have noticed that costs for on-line degree pros tend to be a terrific value. For instance a full Bachelor’s Degree in Communication with the University of Phoenix Online consists of 60 credits at $515/credit or $30,900. Also American Intercontinental University Online offers a Bachelors of Business Administration with a full program requirement of 180 units and a tuition fee of $30,560. Online degree learning has made having your diploma been so detailed more than before because you may earn your current degree in the comfort in your home and when you finish working. Thanks for all the tips I’ve learned through the site. Frank Coleman May 29th, 2017 Reply This internet site is my intake, really great layout and Perfect written content. Charles Allan May 30th, 2017 Reply Hi! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I genuinely enjoy reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics? Thanks! Eric Rampling May 30th, 2017 Reply It’s actually a cool and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing. Anne Carr May 30th, 2017 Reply I have been examinating out some of your stories and i must say clever stuff. I will surely bookmark your site. Peter Vaughan May 30th, 2017 Reply You could certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Ria Money Transfer now operates in GCC May 22, 2017 348 C3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community May 15, 2017 507 Five-man Spinneys shames CML International May 12, 2017 1.7K May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:56 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Uber Waymo Lawsuit: Uber Fires Anthony Levandowski, Former Google Engineer At Center Of Case By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/30/17 AT 4:02 PM Close Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer who led Uber’s self-driving car efforts, because of his refusal to cooperate in the lawsuit filed by competitor Waymo. Levandowski was at the center of a contentious lawsuit between Uber and Waymo over allegations documents he took were used in Uber’s self-driving car development. The news was first reported by the New York Times.   Read: Uber Threatens To Fire Engineer At Center Of Waymo Case Earlier this month, Uber reached out to Levandowski in a letter, asking for him to cooperate in the investigation. As part of the request, Uber asked Levandowski either to confirm he never took documents from Google or return any remaining documents in his possession. If Levandowski failed to comply with the request, Uber said it would consider actions that could include firing him. In its letter to Levandowski confirming his termination, the Washington Post reported Uber said it was justifying the firing for cause because of Levandowski's refusal to comply with the company’s legal requests. In particular, the letter cites Levandowski’s violation of a section saying he “returned or destroyed all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employer.” Levandowski previously cited his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and refused to cooperate significantly with investigators. Last month, Levandowski said he would step away voluntarily from Uber’s self-driving efforts, but a federal judge also moved to prohibit Levandowski from working with Uber for the duration of the case. Uber executive Eric Meyhofer, who took over Uber’s autonomous team when Levandowski stepped aside, will continue to lead the program. In an email to employees Tuesday obtained by the Times, Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, said Uber has emphasized the independence of its autonomous driving research during the case. "Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently," Padilla said. "Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case." While Uber has conceded Levandowski took documents when he left Google, the company has steadfastly denied any documents were in Uber’s possession or used for its self-driving car technology. Read: New Texas Law Allows Ride-Hailing Services To Operate Throughout State The firing of Levandowski is also the latest stumble for Uber. The former Google engineer was a relatively high-profile acquisition for Uber — last year, Uber acquired Levandowski’s self-driving car startup Otto for $680 million and tapped him to lead the company’s autonomous driving research. Autonomous driving has quickly become a high-profile area of investment and research for technology companies. Companies ranging from Uber to Apple have all invested heavily in research and planning for self-driving cars and many manufacturers see the field becoming the next ground changing innovation for many users. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Uber Gets Go-Ahead On Self-Driving Technology Phoenix Residents Can Get A Ride From Waymo's Self-Driving Taxis Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Vili Fualaau Files For Separation From Wife Mary Kay Letourneau Vili Fualaau's has decided to separate from his wife and former teacher, Mary Kay Letourneau, with whom he had a sexual affair when he was 12 years old. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory Share on Facebook Share on Twitter How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory Posted at 5:00 pm on May 30, 2017 by streiff Share on Facebook Share on Twitter For all the talk about Macedonian teenagers and #FakeNews (used exclusively to describe anything bad about Hillary Clinton) tilting the scales of the 2016 election, a new study by four academics, Robert Epstein (American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), Ronald E. Robertson (Northeastern University) and Samantha J. Shepherd and Shu Zhang (American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), finds something completely different. Using a sample of “undecideds” selected before the 2016 election, the news that was generated for them by Yahoo and Google was examined. Highlights 1) Issue: Were search results provided by search engines in the U.S. biased toward one candidate or the other? Yes. Based on a sample of 4,045 election-related searches conducted during a 25-day period from October 15 to November 8 (Election Day) using the Google and Yahoo search engines through the Firefox browser, we found that search results were, on average, biased to favor Hillary Clinton on all of those days. (Note: In the graph below, values above 0 show a Clinton bias, and values below 0 show a Trump bias.) … 3) Issue: Was the bias the same for all search engines? No. The level of pro-Clinton bias we found on Google (0.19) was more than twice as high as the level of pro-Clinton bias we found on Yahoo (0.09). The difference between these values was highly statistically significant (p <0.001). ... Interpretation: Our study doesn’t look at this issue directly, but the pattern of demographic differences we found is somewhat consistent with the idea that Big Tech companies show people what they want to see. Note, however, that people in blue (that is, pro-Clinton) states weren’t the only ones to see pro-Clinton search results; people in red (that is, pro-Trump) and swing states did too. 5) Issue: Could search results have been biased simply because people were selecting biased search terms? On a scale from -5 (pro-Trump) to +5 (pro-Clinton), the average bias in people’s search terms was slightly pro-Trump (-0.08). The search terms people used should therefore have yielded a pro-Trump bias in search results, but they did not. 6) Issue: Was there bias before October 15? Yes, although we typically received data from only a few searches per day before that date, so we are less certain of the numbers. Looking at data from 1,050 searches conducted between May 19 and October 14, 2016, we found, on average, a pro-Clinton bias throughout this period (0.17), as well as a pro-Clinton bias in all 10 search positions on the first page of search results. To put this another way, we found evidence of a pro Clinton bias in search rankings over a period of nearly six months before the election. What the study shows, or purports to show–I’m not a mathematician and I don’t play one on the internet–is that no matter who you were or your political preferences, Google and Yahoo, but particularly Google, was going to serve up stories which were favorable to Hillary Clinton and they did it for at least six months prior to the election. Trending Chelsea Clinton Gets One Right Susan Wright This is the kicker: 9) Issue: Could the pro-Clinton bias in search results have shifted votes to Mrs. Clinton? A comprehensive study published in 2015 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that biased search rankings can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20% or more – up to 80% in some demographic groups. Extrapolating from the mathematics introduced in this report, in articles published in February 2016 and thereafter, the lead author of the PNAS study predicted that a pro-Clinton bias in Google’s search results would, over time, shift at least 2.6 million votes to Clinton. She won the popular vote in the November election by 2,864,974 votes. Without the pro-Clinton bias in Google’s search results, her win margin in the popular vote might have been negligible. The implication of this, if it can be replicated, is pretty clear. Google acted as a political actor n 2016 to fluff for Hillary Clinton. The skewing of search results is clearly a donation in kind to the Clinton campaign and should be investigated by the FEC. But Justice should take a hint from what his happening in Europe and conduct an anti-trust investigation of Google and if warranted, break it up. It is Google, not a horde of young people in Eastern Europe, who poses the direct threat to our form of government. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Google Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton 2016 Recent Stories The De-Spectacled Ben Jacobs Sees His Eyewear Become Museum Curated Brad Slager In Their Zeal To Have A Gotcha Moment, Fox News Blows It On Criticism of NY Times Jay Caruso Democrats: Stay Out of Our Bedrooms…Now Let US In, and Drop Your Shorts Brad Slager COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Dennis Prager Calls Anti Trump Conservatives to War; I'll Remain a Conscientious Objector, Thanks Bill O'Reilly Makes a Prediction About the Future of Fox News How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory In Their Zeal To Have A Gotcha Moment, Fox News Blows It On Criticism of NY Times BREAKING: Huge Blast Near U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan (Updated: Photos Show Devastation) Kathy Griffin Apologizes for Grotesque Image of Beheaded Trump Amelia Hamilton Dennis Prager Calls Anti Trump Conservatives to War; I’ll Remain a Conscientious Objector, Thanks Jim Jamitis RedState’s WaterCooler, Evening Edition! Tuesday, 5/30/2017 – Open Thread – US to North Korea: “Back Off!” earhartam Bill O’Reilly Makes a Prediction About the Future of Fox News Teri Christoph Trump Should Resume the Airline Price Transparency Request Neil Stevens How Google Gave Hillary Clinton Her Popular Vote Victory streiff Related Stories Dennis Prager Calls Anti Trump Conservatives to War; I’ll Remain a Conscientious Objector, Thanks Jim Jamitis The Worldwide Tattler! – by Victoria Chortle Ernie Mannix Trending on Townhall Media Ungrateful man suing rescuers who saved his life humanevents.com If You Don't Own Military-Grade Weapons, You're Failing As A Citizen - Bearing Arms - Militia, Second Amendment bearingarms.com BREAKING: Huge Blast Near U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan (Updated: Photos Show Devastation) redstate.com ‘Sweetie, he’s a traitor’: Libs LOSE IT after Trump sings ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ at Arlington – twitchy.com twitchy.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Dan Price May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 6 minutes How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email When the time comes to move to a new phone, you’ll probably feel an inevitable sense of trepidation. Sure, you’ll be excited to get your hands on a shiny new device, but how on earth are you going to move all your data over? There’s so much to consider. You’ll have apps, customized settings, photos, contacts, backgrounds, downloads — it’s daunting. Even if you’re efficient, it can take a whole weekend to get yourself set up on a new handset. But it doesn’t have to be so complicated. With a bit of planning, you can make the transfer a seamless experience. You just need to know which settings and apps to use. Here’s how to make the process of moving your data to a new Android device as painless as possible. 1. Settings: Android Backup Service The most important tool for ensuring an easy transfer is to use the Android Backup Service. It’ll save some of your most personalized settings to the cloud, including: Google Calendar settings. Wi-Fi networks and passwords. Home screen wallpapers. Gmail settings. Display settings. Language and input settings. Date and time settings. Some third-party apps will also be backed up, but it changes on an app-by-app basis. Not all apps are compatible. To turn on Android Backup Service, head to Settings > Backup and reset and make sure Backup my data is turned on. If you have more than one Google Account on your device, you need to select which account you want to use for saving the backups. Make your choice under Backup account. When you turn on your new phone for the first time, it will ask you to enter your Google Account credentials. If the phone recognizes a backup on the servers, it will ask you if you want to use it. Tap Yes. Manufacturer-Specific Features Samsung users have access to a proprietary app called SmartSwitch Mobile. In addition to the data Android Backup Service saves, it will also move your text messages, phone logs, contacts, and email accounts. Sony users can try Sony Xperia Transfer, HTC offers the HTC Transfer Tool, and LG provides LG Bridge. They all perform a similar function. Remember, because they are all proprietary features, they are only useful if you’re switching to another phone from the same manufacturer. 2. Photos: Google Photos There are a number of apps you could use to move your photos from one device to another. OneDrive and Google Drive Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Have you changed the way you think about cloud storage? The popular options of Dropbox, Google Drive, and OneDrive have been joined by others. We help you answer which cloud storage service should you use. Read More will both suffice, as will some manufacturer-specific apps. However, the easiest and most streamlined approach is to use Google Photos. Not only does the Picasa replacement Picasa Is Going Away: 11 Apps That You Can Use Instead Picasa Is Going Away: 11 Apps That You Can Use Instead Read More sync photos between all your devices (mobiles and tablets), but since mid-2015, Google has also offered a desktop uploader. It means any images on your various computers will also be accessible on your phone, thus making it the best holistic tool available. First, make sure all your photo files are being backed up. Be careful! You might have several device folders (such as Camera, WhatsApp Images, Animated GIFs, Screenshots, etc). You need to manually turn on backup for every folder whose contents you want on your new phone. To backup a folder, open Google Photos and go to Menu (three horizontal lines) > Settings > Backup and Sync > Back up device folders. Slide the toggle next to each folder you want to keep. When you log onto your new phone, all the photos you backed up should instantly be viewable in the app. Download — Google Photos (Free) 3. Passwords: LastPass Android phones offer a feature called Smart Lock for Passwords. The principle is sound; Google keeps your app passwords on its own servers. When you reinstall the app on a new device, the phone will recognize it and pre-populate your username and password. Unfortunately, the feature requires developers to build the associated technology into their apps, and many haven’t done so. Of course, Chrome can also save your passwords, but it’s not good practice to store passwords in a browser Browser Autofill Is a Privacy Risk: Here's How to Turn It Off Browser Autofill Is a Privacy Risk: Here's How to Turn It Off Autofill is a convenient browser feature, but a big exploit was recently found that could result in you giving away more info than you thought. Here's how to disable it and stay safe. Read More . It won’t have the same standard of security as a dedicated password manager. My favorite dedicated password manager is LastPass, but there are lots of great options 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords 5 Best LastPass Alternatives to Manage Your Passwords Many people consider LastPass to be the king of password managers; it's packed with features and boasts more users than any of its competitors -- but it's far from being the only option! Read More to choose from. The best part of using a password manager is they require very little setup. Just install the app on your new phone and you’ll have all your credentials on-hand immediately. Download — LastPass (Free) 4. Messages: SMS Backup & Restore Yes, SMS and MMS are now ancient technologies, but a surprising number of people still use them. If you rely on the aging communication method, you might have valuable information tucked away in your message history. The most reliable way to move the data to a new phone is to download SMS Backup & Restore. It does exactly as the name suggests: you can backup your messages on one device Don't Lose Your Data: 5 Top Backup Solutions For Android Don't Lose Your Data: 5 Top Backup Solutions For Android Everybody needs to back up their data in case something happens to their device. Protect yourself with these amazing backup apps. Read More and restore them onto another. Obviously, you’ll need a copy of the SMS Backup & Restore app on both devices. The app also lets you send backups to your preferred cloud storage provider, choose which specific messages to backup, and schedule recurring backups. And remember, if you’ve joined the instant messaging revolution and use WhatsApp, it’s easy to move data onto your new phone. Just fire up the app and go to Menu > Settings > Chat backup and tap on Backup. Download — SMS Backup & Restore (Free) 5. Personal Data You can manually move any data on your phone that doesn’t fall into one of the prescribed categories. You might have to do this if you have audio, old podcasts, or important documents saved in random folders on your device. First, use a file explorer The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android There are a bunch of file management and file exploring apps out there for Android, but these are the best. Read More to check the folders on your phone. If there’s content you want to salvage, you have two options: USB Cable — You could use a USB cable to transfer the data from your phone to your computer, and then from your computer into the same folder on your new device. SD Card — If your phone has removable SD card, you can move data onto it, then transfer the card to your new phone. Rampow Micro USB Cables [2-Pack 3.3ft] Braided Samsung USB Cables/Android Cables - Micro USB Charging Cables for Galaxy S7/S6/, Sony, Motorola and More - Space Grey Rampow Micro USB Cables [2-Pack 3.3ft] Braided Samsung USB Cables/Android Cables - Micro USB Charging Cables for Galaxy S7/S6/, Sony, Motorola and More - Space Grey Universal Compatibility - Support most Android tablets, Windows phones and cell phones with a Micro-USB port. Compatible with Samsung Note 1/2/4/5, Galaxy S3/S4/S6 Edge S7, Nokia Lumia, HTC ONE and others. These micro usb charge cables fit in almost every case. Buy Now At Amazon $7.99 6. Third-Party Tools Finally, if all these steps sound like too much hassle, you could try using a dedicated app from the Google Play Store. The best app for non-rooted phones is arguably Helium. Helium will backup and sync your apps and your data to the cloud. It works with multiple devices, and you can restore your data with a simple click. You’ll need a copy of the app on both phones and your computer desktop. In addition to your apps and settings, the app will sync your contacts, SMS, various user accounts, Wi-Fi settings, and call logs. Download — Helium (Free) How Do You Move to a New Phone? Of course, moving all your data is only one part of switching to a new phone. Even if you transfer everything, there are still lots of steps you need to take on your new device How to Set Up Your New Android Phone How to Set Up Your New Android Phone Just purchased a brand-new Android phone? Let us walk you through how to set it up, including some of the best tips that the phone doesn't show you. Read More before you can confidently say it’s ready to use. I’ve shown you a few different ways to migrate your data, but there’s no one way that’s objectively the best. A lot of it depends on how you use your phone and how much of your data you want to migrate. What apps made it easy for you to move to a new device? Do you prefer leaving everything on your old phone and starting with a clean slate? As always, you can leave all your thoughts and opinions in the comments section below. Image Credits: PILart/Shutterstock Previous PostHow to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dan Price 415 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Android How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Android Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Let Germany's Robopriest Offer You Guidance And Protection  The U.S. Military Says It Successfully Shot Down An ICBM For The Very First Time Will Robots Take Your Job? Our First Look At The Essential Phone, Android Done Right Mobile Intelligence Officials Disturbed By Trump's Attempts To Get World Leaders To Call His Personal Mobile Phone This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone How To Make The iPhone's Touch ID Work With Gloves Car Tech Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Uber's Self-Driving Truck Unit Is Being Investigated By The California DMV For Its Road Tests  Here Is Everything We Know So Far About Mercedes' 1000 HP Hypercar Australians Are Really, Really Good At Reading Confusing Road Signs Online Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money COVFEFE 5 Million Premises Can Connect To NBN Now, Says NBN Ukraine Just Tweeted A Simpsons GIF At Russia Because 2017 Is Weird As Hell Science & Health Don't Let That Global Warming Sleep Study Keep You Up At Night This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Organs CRISPR May Not Be Nearly As Precise As We Thought NASA's Lunar Orbiter Survived An Impact With A Tiny Meteor Cameras Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Pennsylvania's New Body Camera Policy Would Allow Officers Unrestricted Access To Film In Homes Computing Monitors With Everything Are Coming AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Nvidia's Max-Q Promises To Make Gaming Laptops Quieter Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match Gaming Monitors With Everything Are Coming Twitch Is Playing The Stock Market With Real Money What You Need To Know About Max-Q, Nvidia's Plan To Make Gaming Laptops That Aren't Monstrosities NVIDIA Is Giving Away Overwatch Keys Through GeForce Experience Entertainment Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Get The Full Guardians Of The Galaxy - Mission: Breakout Experience Right Here So, 'House Of Cards' Characters Have Their Own Spotify Playlists Now Stranger Things' Eleven Auditioned For X-23 In Logan Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment This Dating App Matches You With People Who Hate The Same Things AMD Is Getting Ryzen Into Mainstream PCs, And Intel Should Be Worried Meet Kogan's New $200 Smartphone Intel's New Core i9 Is An 18-Core Behemoth With A Price Tag To Match Uber And Faraday Future Should Work On Autonomous Vehicles Together Ryan Felton and Jalopnik May 31, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  car technology faraday future feature jalopnik ride-sharing uber Share Up front, it's probably necessary to say that I haven't considered the financial viability of this for either party, or whether their business plans are even sound. But I think it could benefit both of them: Faraday Future and Uber, two troubled companies facing an uncertain future in different ways. should strike a deal to work on autonomous vehicles together. Photo: FF, Uber Uber Is Doomed Read more Uber already has a $US300 ($403) million partnership with Volvo, which provided 100 XC90s for the ride-hailing giant's autonomous driving pilot program in Pittsburgh, and Volvo said it no intention of dropping it anytime soon, despite Uber's host of problems. Those problems include an ongoing lawsuit with Google over alleged tech theft, a business model that is yet unprofitable, labour challenges and a reputation for general scumbaggery that's getting harder and harder to wave off. But the company's founder Travis Kalanick believes it needs to successfully develop self-driving cars in order to survive. With competitors barreling ahead to produce fully-autonomous cars by next decade, specifically for ride-hailing purposes, Uber needs to act quick. As its high-profile litigation with Google's self-driving car project has shown, Uber's way behind in the race. (Uber literally admitted as much.) Of course, the Google suit over Uber allegedly stealing its autonomous tech designs could derail the ride-hailing giant's driverless car ambitions sooner rather than later. But I'm just spitballing here. Though it's burning through a massive amount of cash, Uber recently told Bloomberg it still has about $US7 ($9) billion of cash on hand, along with $US2.3 ($3) billion of credit that has yet to be tapped. Enter Faraday. Faraday's public image has continued to deteriorate even more rapidly than Uber's, ever since it debuted its flagship vehicle, the FF 91, in January at the CES conference. Faraday has been dealt a stream of litigation, pertaining to everything from the vehicle debut to how it ended up with its website. Construction of the startup's factory has yet to restart, and plans for a $US1 ($1) billion production facility have shrunk to a proposed "mini-factory" that could — in theory — later be expanded. And this month it emerged that Faraday's main financier, Chinese tech conglomerate Le Eco, hasn't been able to recover from a serious cash crunch. Last week, it announced significant layoffs for its U.S. operations and business plans going forward. Faraday's chief financial officer said the layoffs won't impact the startup's ambitions, but all isn't as optimistic as it seems. Bloomberg reported that it now needs to raise $US1 ($1) billion to keep its dream alive. If this funding round is unsuccessful, the FF 91 — a planned 1,050-HP supposed Tesla-killer that might cost something like $US150,000 ($201,565) per vehicle — may never see the light of day. I can't think of a startup in the auto world that's more ripe to handle a new relationship with scandal-plagued Uber. If Uber gave up a $US1 ($1) billion, it'd still have a decent amount of cash left — whether that cash keeps it afloat more than a few years is another story — and Faraday could finish its original plan for the full-size factory and get the FF 91 into production. Uber's business model necessitates the use of autonomous vehicles, and with Faraday, it could land exclusive access to a factory that — on paper — may produce upward of 100,000 vehicles per year. Kalanick previously said it'd make a huge investment of the sort; it was reported that he'd be interested in buying 500,000 Teslas if the carmarker had a fully-autonomous vehicle ready by 2020. But there's a would-be Tesla competitor in the waiting for Kalanick to consider, one that needs the type of cash he has access to. The one hiccup, probably, is that the capital costs for Uber to purchase a $US150,000 ($201,565) vehicle would probably be too much, so Faraday might need to develop a cheaper base trim for the ride-hailing network. But with Faraday's engineers working to develop a fully-autonomous vehicle, it'd give Uber a new revenue stream through the sale of cars, while having a vehicle to bring onto its network. It's not bulletproof, but neither is Faraday or Uber. WATCH MORE: Car News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review Campbell Simpson 30 May 2017 2:00 AM If you want an electric bike, the Riese & Muller Charger GT is the creme de la creme. How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield 30 May 2017 6:30 AM Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Stop People From Seeing All The Dodgy Stuff You Search Online Trending Articles 1 Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review 2 How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android 3 COVFEFE Toyota Wants Your Kids To Learn To Drive Young Tune Into The First Episode Of Creepy Animated Web Series Ghost Radio Monitors With Everything Are Coming This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Organs Popular Smash Bros Flash Game Gets Huge Update, New Characters New Sims Game Pack Makes Teens More Realistic, For Better Or Worse Monitors With Everything Are Coming Overwatch Training Apps Gave Me A Way To Obsess But Not Improve Hump Day Deals: Cheap Sony TVs, EOFY Tech Sale, Half-Price Snow Gear Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace How To Watch State Of Origin 2017 (Online And For Free) COVFEFE Macau casino boss Lawrence Ho is critical of James Packer's Crown The federal police were called after a Sydney startup was hacked and blackmailed Most of Australia's serious crime is being run from other countries This Australian lender will let you borrow interest only mortgages but not fully © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News May 31 2017 - 4:52AM Save Print Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo Elizabeth Dwoskin and Craig Timberg facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the star engineer at the centre of its high-stakes legal fight over driverless cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 05:13 Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:58 Video duration 01:58 Weak consumer sentiment weighs on ... Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Consumers are the most unhappy since the financial crisis and with many shoppers struggling with record household debt, it's hard to see if that's going to improve. Up Next Why investors are excited about Amazon Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:37 Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next A recession on the horizon? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:02 Video duration 03:02 A recession on the horizon? A recession on the horizon? Low wage rises and high household debt are adding to the risk of a negative first quarter. Up Next ACCC takes health fund NIB to court Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:40 Video duration 00:40 ACCC takes health fund NIB to court ACCC takes health fund NIB to court The ACCC has launched federal proceedings against health fund NIB, accusing it of concealing changes to some of its policies. Vision courtesy ABC News Up Next Crane collapse at work site Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:35 Video duration 00:35 Crane collapse at work site Crane collapse at work site Three men were trapped in a cherry-picker when it fell into a building site in Geelong. More videos Why Uber fired Anthony Levandowski Anthony Levandowski, the engineer hired to lead Uber's self-driving car efforts is now at the centre of a legal dispute over the technology with Google parent Alphabet. Levandowski, the 37-year-old former chief of Uber's self-driving program, was given notice on Friday, according to a termination letter obtained by the Washington Post. He was let go after failing to comply with a judge's request that he turn over thousands of documents that he is accused of stealing from Google's parent company, where he had worked as a senior engineer. Uber also said that he had broken the terms of his employment with the company. Under those terms, Levandowski promised that he wasn't disclosing any trade secrets or proprietary information from his previous employer when he came on board. Related Content Uber's CEO, keen to 'grow up', looks for second-in-command The death of Uber - one large investor's bold prediction The firing is the latest twist in a case that has pit two Silicon Valley giants against one another as they battle over the future of transportation. Levandowski was a senior engineer in Google's self-driving car program, which began building self-driving cars in 2009 and is now called Waymo. Uber began developing self-driving cars roughly two years ago, an effort that Kalanick has called "existential" to the company's future because it could dramatically lower labour costs. Kalanick hired the former Google engineer to run Uber's driverless program last summer, after acquiring Levandowski's months-old self-driving truck startup, Otto. Advertisement The news of Levandowski's firing represents Uber's latest effort to extract itself from a series of escalating controversies that have consumed and shaken chief executive Travis Kalanick. The company has faced a barrage of negative press this year in the wake of high-profile sexual harassment complaints and a slew of executive departures. Kalanick this weekend also faced personal tragedy -- his mother was killed and his father seriously injured in a boating accident. The move to terminate Levandowski represents a shift in Uber's legal strategy. Until now the company had defended and protected him, even as a district judge became increasingly frustrated with his decision to not turn over key documents. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, left, and Anthony Levandowski. Photo: AP Levandowski is not personally being sued, and the legal case hinges on whether Waymo can prove that Uber was either aware or colluded with Levandowski in stealing the documents. Levandowski is accused of downloading 14,000 documents from his Google computers onto a hard drive and then uploading them into his personal computer. He has refused to share the documents, citing his fifth amendment rights to protect himself from self-incrimination. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Anthony Levandowski is at the centre of the dispute. Photo: AP Uber has also refused to share several thousand additional documents with the court, citing confidentiality rules between attorneys and their clients. It was unclear whether Uber would now share that information. Outside experts have said that the volume of documents being withheld was highly unusual, and Uber's decision to withhold them had irritated the judge. Levandowski's lawyers are expected to argue that a person cannot be fired for asserting their Fifth Amendment rights, according to a person familiar with the matter. As a condition of his hiring, Levandowski was awarded more than $US250 million ($335 million) in Uber stock. It was unclear whether he would be able to keep his compensation package going forward. The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Uber fires engineer Anthony Levandowski in twist to legal battle with Alphabet's Waymo. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Welcome To The Future: Retailer ... Contains: External link Scammer Gets Hilariously Busted Trying ... Contains: External link Most Popular Facebook user is found guilty of defamation for 'liking' posts NAB outage leaves customers in the lurch NBN takeup rate languishes, but figures aren't quite as dire as they seem Uber fires man accused of stealing 14,000 documents from Google Is Android creator's new phone essential? Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Uber fires man accused of stealing 14,000 documents from Google Facebook user is found guilty of defamation for 'liking' posts NAB outage leaves customers in the lurch NBN takeup rate languishes, but figures aren't quite as dire as they seem I threw away $4.8 million in Bitcoin WA Today Threats made after Bunbury club advertises Schapelle Corby homecoming party Basketballer 'goes to collect gun' after bad ref call in Melville Perth school appealing for help to find lost buried time capsules Andrew escapes 'life threatening' injury on House Rules 'I am absolutely certain we are in a bubble in this property market' The Sydney Morning Herald Turmoil at 49ers ended Hayne's NFL dream, US agent says Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate Bisexual teacher found guilty of sexual relationships with male and female students Pippa Middleton is now honeymooning in Sydney Australian girl killed in blast at Iraq ice-cream parlour The Age Surgeon in critical condition after 'terrible' hospital assault West Gate Tunnel: home owners want buy-out Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate Sydney and Melbourne property prices slip in May Fasolo out with depression Brisbane Times Police to probe whether slain cop was lured to his death by shooter with 'grievance' Someone is about to find out they've won $40m on Oz Lotto Simon Black's coaching academies on the brink Popular drug recalled after tampering discovered Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate Canberra Times Trump blasts Germany again as relations deteriorate The Canberra radio star with 150 million YouTube views - and counting When will you get a pay rise? Solving the riddle of low wages growth in Australia Politicians looking ill and 'free' taxi rides: The reasons Canberrans call 000 Roughly 100 Canberra homes remain in danger of fire from faulty Infinity wiring, ACCC warns WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 09:14, 30 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu) ← Older edit Latest revision as of 13:48, 30 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu)   Line 75: Line 75:   <p>History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us.</p>   <p>History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us.</p>     − <p>What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do?</p> + <p>What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do? This is especially relevant to Mozilla, as we consider different ways we could shift ourselves and the web industry from being overwhelmingly advertising-supported.</p>       <p>Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who [https://www.recode.net/2016/6/14/11936484/net-neutrality-essay-tim-wu coined the term “net neutrality,"] as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>   <p>Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who [https://www.recode.net/2016/6/14/11936484/net-neutrality-essay-tim-wu coined the term “net neutrality,"] as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet.</p></BLOCKQUOTE> Latest revision as of 13:48, 30 May 2017 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu 3.2 Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon 4.2 Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications 4.3 Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal 4.4 Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) 4.5 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 4.6 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.7 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.8 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.9 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.10 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.11 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.12 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.13 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.14 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.15 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.16 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.17 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.18 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.19 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.20 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll seek topics supporting our 2017 Strategy, working with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Grow Firefox & From Firefox e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics & data; teamwork & collaboration; communication Grow New Arease.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Grow Mozilla e.g. our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from purely inspirational “TED”-like talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to outside ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "Adrian's vision of the future and the presentation of the incentives that would cause people to buy these devices was pretty insightful." --May 2017 "The talk was entertaining because of the way that it was presented, where a garden path of wonder, highlighting the myriad of useful things with a very subtle undercurrent of what the implications were." --May 2017 "These events add real value to me as an employee, and as a citizen of the net." --April 2017 "I now have a much better understanding of the controversy surrounding the Snowden leaks and have an idea of what I can do as a private citizen to combat the government's use of mass surveillance." --April 2017 "The topic was compelling and the level of expertise of the speaker made the information received very credible and thus easy to find relevant to my work." --April 2017 "Today's speaker challenged my expectations of the internet and of corporate behavior and stimulated good office discussion." --March 2017 "I dislike most presentations. This was among the best I have ever watched." --March 2017 "SUPER INTERESTING talk!!! Glad I had the opportunity to hear Nir speak!" --March 2017 "Today's panel helped me focus on the core problem, which is NOT technology but rather what technology is enabling -- people being jerks and why the technology makes it seem to be OK." --February 2017 "Diversification of inputs makes design more inclusive and helps avoid problems like being wrongly bucketed in a certain demographic. Interesting modes of UX design include the unintuitive slowing down of user interactions, to prevent hasty life decisions based on a heightened emotional response. This is valuable because it is a well thought out piece of a design process - something that I feel like I can take away!" --February 2017 "Laszlo's points were made with enthusiasm, rigor and data. He didn't shy away from the fact the some of the problems are difficult." --January 2017 "AWESOME TOPIC AND ELEGANT SPEAKER, well done!!" --January 2017 "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT Topic: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising You don’t need cash to search Google or to use Facebook, but they’re not free. We pay for these services with our attention and with our data.</p> While advertising-supported media was once confined to a small part of our lives like newspapers and radio, our work and lives are increasingly online and ads take the front row in our daily lives. This business model can have a democratizing effect: it makes products and information accessible to many more people, who might otherwise be priced out. But it also means that the main audience for these companies is not you - the person using their services - but rather, advertisers who keep the lights on. History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us. What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do? This is especially relevant to Mozilla, as we consider different ways we could shift ourselves and the web industry from being overwhelmingly advertising-supported. Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who coined the term “net neutrality," as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet. Host: Sam Burton Speaker: Tim Wu is an author, policy advocate, and professor at Columbia Law School who coined the term "net neutrality." Wu's best known work is the development of Net Neutrality theory, but he also writes about private power, free speech, copyright, and antitrust. His books The Master Switch and The Attention Merchants have won wide recognition and awards. Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments. He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School. Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at NewYorker.com and contributing editor at the New Republic. He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine. He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Questions: During the event join us live on (1) IRC #AirMozilla and (2) Slack #speaker-series - be sure to direct questions to @samb Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Engineers are introverted. Agile = meetings all the time. Works well for extroverts. Over the past year a few hundred staff at Mozilla have used the Insights Discovery tool to better learn about their individual personality temperaments, and to be more effective on their teams. But can these tests really help us? What’s the real science behind them? Can they be abused? Or are there ways they can help us work together better? On July 20, Jennifer Selby Long, an expert in the ethical use of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI®), will lead us in a very interactive session on this material. She’ll help us explore these frameworks and the science behind them, with a focus specifically on their Introversion / Extraversion dimensions and workplace collaboration. Importantly, we’ll make it personal, rolling up our sleeves with some exercises to help us explore how our (and our team’s) MBTI preferences can help us work together better, regardless of job description, culture, or demographics. Hosts: Matt Frassica & Tyler Haugen Speaker: Jennifer Selby-Long Jennifer Selby Long is an executive coach, management consultant, and MBTI® expert who helps technology leaders navigate the challenges of seismic change to achieve their highest potential. She also advises on the impact of personality and gender on financial behavior. Jennifer is the past president of the Association for Psychological Type. She has been quoted by business and technology writers in the Fast Company, Information World, Dice.com, Univision, and the Bulletin of Psychological Type. She is an award-winning business writer and the author of Traveling Light, a blog helping leaders skyrocket their impact and lighten the load in their lives. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Previous Speakers Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon Location: Mozilla London + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Transcript Topic: It’s 2027. In the UK, 8 out of 10 homes host a range of microphones, cameras and motion detectors. They help users secure their homes, find lost items, assist with cleaning, keep an eye out for accidents and falls, and a hundred other everyday tasks. They're integrated so seamlessly into daily life that they're considered indispensable – and they're cheap. Of course, consumption habits ranging from entertainment, clothing and food are not only known, but anticipated by intelligent systems. These habits are also owned, captured, analyzed and used by the corporations that run them. Interestingly, just a few decades ago in the 1990s, the UK’s introduction of Closed Circuit TV (CCTV) met with significant public outcry over concerns of privacy abuses. Yet now, less than half a century later, we’ve not only abandoned such talks: we’ve opted in to 24/7 surveillance of our homes. In our May 10 “future retrospective,” we’ll look at how we - in 2027 - became so collectively compliant to others owning data about our personal habits and lives. What factors led to us to give so much of our lives to corporations, with so little transparency or accountability? Why were we more open to private surveillance than public surveillance? And when we return to 2017, what can we learn from this evolution to map a different future? Host: Sarah Allen Speaker: Adrian Hon Adrian Hon is CEO and founder at Six to Start, co-creators of the most successful smartphone fitness game in the world, Zombies, Run!. The game has won awards for its stories and storylike games, and the team’s work has been displayed at the MOMA and Design Museum in London. He’s the author of A History of the Future in 100 Objects, and he used to write about technology for The Telegraph. Previously, Adrian was Executive Producer and Director of Play at Mind Candy from 2004 to 2007, where he designed and produced the Perplex City alternate reality game (ARG). Adrian’s interest in ARGs began with the genre itself in 2001, when as a moderator for the Cloudmakers community for ‘The Beast’ (an ARG for Steven Spielberg’s A.I.), he wrote a detailed walkthrough for the game, called ‘The Guide.' During that time, Adrian studied Natural Sciences at Cambridge, specialising in experimental psychology and neuroscience. In 2003, he began a neuroscience DPhil at Oxford, but left after a year to join Mind Candy. Adrian has also spoken at the main TED conference in Monterey in 2001 (about the human colonisation of Mars), as well as various SXSW, GDC, Economist, and other such tech and gaming conferences. Supplemental resources: The Transparent Society https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/amazon-echo-look-bedroom-camera http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-echo-alexa-add-11-billion-in-revenue-by-2020-2016-9 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/amazon-could-refund-more-than-70-million-worth-of-kids-in-app-purchases_us_58e654a6e4b0fe4ce088f31d Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Transcript Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: American Spies: U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Intelligence agencies in the U.S. (aka the American Spies) are exceedingly aggressive, pushing and sometimes bursting through the technological, legal and political boundaries of lawful surveillance. Because surveillance law has fallen behind surveillance technology, the U.S. government has unprecedented new powers. At our April Speaker Series, Jennifer Granick will address how Cold War programs led by J. Edgar Hoover and initiatives sparked by the September 11, 2001 tragedy have led us to today’s fusion centers and mosque infiltrators. She will also show how our current state of mass surveillance is fundamentally incompatible with a healthy democracy. A teacher, practitioner and expert in surveillance and security law, Granick will share how the reality of modern surveillance in the U.S. differs from popular understanding, and what U.S. - and global - citizens can do to minimize its negative impact both for Americans and non-Americans around the world. Host: Chris Riley Speaker: Jennifer Granick Jennifer Stisa Granick is the Director of Civil Liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society (CIS) and author of American Spies: Modern Surveillance, Why You Should Care, and What To Do About It (2017). From 2001 to 2007, Granick was Executive Director of CIS and taught Cyberlaw, Computer Crime Law, Internet intermediary liability, and Internet law and policy. From 2007 to 2010 she served as the Civil Liberties Director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Granick practices, speaks, and writes about computer crime and security, electronic surveillance, security vulnerability disclosure, encryption policy, and the Fourth Amendment. In March of 2016, she received Duo Security’s Women in Security Academic Award for her expertise in the field as well as her direction and guidance for young women in the security industry. Before teaching at Stanford, Granick spent almost a decade practicing criminal defense law in California. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Advance reading: Excerpt in Wired from American Spies: Mass Spying Isn’t Just Intrusive—It’s Ineffective Guest post in Just Security: Reforming Surveillance In the Age of Donald Trump Video (1h21m) of American Spies book panel, "Modern Surveillance Under the Trump Administration" with Jennifer and United States Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Building Habit-Forming Products Hundreds of millions of people use Firefox every day. But they don’t have to. They can - very easily - switch to another browser. But we know Firefox rocks and we want them to use it. Enter habits. Those human behaviors that become regular, ongoing actions that don’t require thought or intention. Or, per Merriam-Webster, “an acquired mode of behavior that has become nearly or completely involuntary.” Creating software that is habit-forming entails tapping into key human psychological drivers such as rewards, social validation and personal fulfillment. These drivers are at the foundation of developing experiences that drive product growth. Perhaps the biggest benefit is to software makers is significantly lower costs to acquire and maintain active users. But what about the user? Is it manipulative to create habits for people so they can use your products without giving it a conscious thought? To “get in their heads” to ensure they use our software? Do we want people to use our products involuntarily? Nir Eyal has built and invested in products reaching hundreds of millions of users including AdNectar, Product Hunt and EventBrite. He’ll draw on core psychological tenets to show how we can create products for users that are habit-forming. And he’ll show us how we can do this in a way that we feel good about - to “build the change we see.” Speaker: Nir Eyal For most of his career Nir worked in the video gaming and advertising industries where he learned, applied (and at times rejected) the techniques used to motivate and manipulate users. He writes to help companies create behaviors that benefit their users, while educating people on how to build healthful habits in their own lives. As an active angel investor Nir makes it personal, investing his own funds in habit-forming products he believes improves lives. His past investments include Eventbrite, Product Hunt, Refresh.io (acquired by LinkedIn), Worklife (acquired by Cisco), Marco Polo, Presence Learning, 7 Cups, Pana, and Symphony Commerce. Nir is the author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and has taught at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Design School. He’s sold two technology companies since 2003 and now helps teams design more engaging products. Nir talks of his advanced degree from the The School of Hard Knocks, but also received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Host: Chris More Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a healthy one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users. But the Internet isn’t always like this. Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded. When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make destructive assumptions based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into trolling, the web is no longer a place of constructive participation. These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include hashtag viewing controls on Twitter & filters for abusive comments on Instagram; Airbnb’s Instant Book that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s reporting system designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations. Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to support positive experiences for users, communities and publishers? At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area. Panelists: Angel Steger (Product Design Lead, Pinterest) is an entrepreneur and product designer developing award-winning products that empower people to get things done. Passionate about complex problems and human behavior, she’s worked in spaces as varied as genetic research, relationship management, and language learning. She currently leads the User State Machine team at Pinterest. On the side, you’ll find her practicing yoga, exploring food in SF, and gardening. Randi Lee Harper (Founder, Online Abuse Prevention Initiative). Randi is founded the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative to fight harassment with technical solutions. This includes the Good Game Auto Blocker tool, built after a long career in tech (KIXEYE, Amazon, IronPort Systems). While Randi believes long term solutions involves cultural changes, but until that happens we can work develop shorter-term solutions to help targets of harassment. Current interests include tracking the way that certain communities interact, and helping define predictive behavior for outbreaks of online abuse. Moderator & Host: Andrew Losowsky, Lead, Mozilla Coral Project. Andrew has turned a street into a museum, a volcano into a magazine, and academic research into a life-sized board game. A John S. Knight Fellow at Stanford University in 2013, he now runs Mozilla’s Coral Project, which helps news organizations build better communities around their work. Because journalism needs everyone. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #InclusiveDesign + #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: From 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Transcript November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here or even better, just send Diane a note. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1172217" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties This page was last modified on 30 May 2017, at 13:48. This page has been accessed 17,802 times. Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS NBA Finals: By the numbers between the Cavaliers, Warriors NBA Suarez-led House minority supports martial law in Mindanao Philippines Manila police nab 3 suspects in Quiapo blast Philippines Duterte creates 'peace corridors' with MILF for Marawi residents Philippines 8 Maute Group members surrender – AFP Philippines Cerita Nadya Meiza, WNI yang berhasil selamat dari teror bom di Manchester Berita Andien menikmati Ramadan pertama bersama Kawa Gaya Hidup South Korea military 'hid missile launchers from president' Asia Pacific Warriors wary of LeBron as Cavs arrive for Finals NBA Travel through time in Gyeongsangbuk-do, Korea Travel View more stories Tech News Google's AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world number one AlphaGo defeats brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a 3-game series Agence France-Presse @afp Published 4:38 PM, May 29, 2017 Updated 4:38 PM, May 29, 2017 ALPHAGO WINS. China's 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie reacts during the second match against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo in Wuzhen, eastern China's Zhejiang province on May 25, 2017. Photo by AFP SHANGHAI, China – The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world's top player over the weekend, its developer said on Saturday, May 27. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a 3-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come. AlphaGo last year become the first computer program to beat an elite player in a full Go match, and its successes have been hailed as groundbreaking due to the game's complexity. Go has an incomputable number of moves, putting a premium on human-like "intuition" and strategy. But this week's contests in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen were its last, said DeepMind Technologies, the London-based AI company that developed AlphaGo and which Google acquired in 2014. In a blog post, DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis said AlphaGo's developers will turn to "the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems". These could include "finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials," he said. "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can’t wait to see what comes next." Go involves two players laying black and white stones on a grid, trying to capture the most territory. Invented nearly 3,000 years ago in China, it is played worldwide but most popular in East Asia. Top players have been mesmerised by AlphaGo, describing its play as groundbreaking and opening up new ways of approaching the game. Likewise, AlphaGo's feats have fuelled visions of AI that can not only perform pre-programmed tasks, but help humanity look at complex scientific, technical and medical mysteries in new ways. AlphaGo's "thinking" is powered by millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself. This week's matches received considerable build-up in China, where it is popular. But Chinese authorities abruptly banned live coverage before the first match on Tuesday, prompting anger and scorn on Chinese social media. The ban was not explained, but quickly fueled speculation that it was linked to Google's tense history with Beijing. Google shut down its www.google.cn website in 2010 in a row over cyberattacks and Chinese censorship, and most of its offerings have remained blocked by authorities. – Rappler.com Filed under:AlphaGo•Deepmind•Demis Hassabis•Google•Ke Jie HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Uber fires head of self-driving car unit amid lawsuit over stolen Google secrets Anthony Levandowski has invoked fifth amendment during deposition after he was accused of bringing 14,000 internal documents with him from Waymo On 12 May, a federal judge granted Waymo a preliminary injunction against Uber that required the company to remove Levandowski from any work on lidar and to return any stolen documents to Waymo. Photograph: Eric Risberg/AP Uber Uber fires head of self-driving car unit amid lawsuit over stolen Google secrets Anthony Levandowski has invoked fifth amendment during deposition after he was accused of bringing 14,000 internal documents with him from Waymo Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Julia Carrie Wong @juliacarriew email Tuesday 30 May 2017 16.48 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 30 May 2017 18.13 EDT Uber has fired the head of its self-driving car unit, Anthony Levandowski, amid the continuing fallout from the engineer’s alleged theft of trade secrets from his former employer, Google. The termination, which was first reported by the New York Times, comes three months after Levandowksi was accused of stealing 14,000 internal documents from Google’s self-driving car spinoff, Waymo, and taking them to Uber. Waymo sued Uber in February, alleging that the ride-hail company was using the stolen documents to advance its lidar technology, and the case between the two Silicon Valley firms is set to go to trial in October. Uber has denied any wrongdoing, but Levandowski has invoked his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination. He has refused to turn over any documents or answer questions during a deposition. On 12 May, a federal judge granted Waymo a preliminary injunction against Uber that required the company to remove Levandowski from any work on lidar, the technology that allows a self-driving car to “see” its surroundings, and to return any stolen documents to Waymo. In Levandowski’s termination letter, which was included in a court filing and is dated 26 May, Uber general counsel Salle Yoo cited Levandowski’s failure to comply with the court order as the cause of his firing. Yoo also wrote that Levandowski’s actions had “impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit”. The letter also revealed that Uber required Levandowski to have “returned or destroyed all property and confidential information belonging to any prior employer” as a condition of his employment. Yoo writes that Levandowski’s failure to comply with the court order constitutes a potential “breach” of the employment agreement. Uber's sexual harassment case shines light on a startup's culture of defiance Read more Attorneys for Levandowski did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but they have argued in court filings that the preliminary injunction infringes on Levandowski’s constitutional rights by compelling Uber to fire him if he does not waive his fifth amendment right. Levandowski was one of several alumni of Google’s self-driving car program who founded the self-driving truck startup Otto in 2016. Otto was acquired by Uber for $680m in August 2016, and Levandowski was installed as the head of Uber’s self-driving car program. Levandowski was awarded $250m in Uber stock as part of the deal, according to documents revealed in court. In February, Google’s self-driving car spinoff Waymo sued Uber, alleging that Levandowski had downloaded 14,000 documents prior to leaving, and used the stolen technology to help Uber get a jump start with its own self-driving car program. Levandowski could face criminal charges over the alleged theft. The judge overseeing the civil case recommended that federal prosecutors begin a criminal investigation on 12 May. Violations of the federal trade secrets law can carry up to a 10-year prison term. Eric Meyhofer will take over Levandowski’s role in charge of Uber’s self-driving car program, an Uber spokesperson said. The turmoil in Uber’s self-driving car program is just one of numerous scandals rocking the $68bn company. A report on Uber’s work environment is expected next week, following allegations of a widespread sexual harassment and gender discrimination by a former employee earlier this year. The company has seen an exodus of executives in recent months and a viral consumer boycott. Last week, Uber admitted to underpaying New York City drivers tens of millions of dollars in fares. The company is under criminal investigation by the US justice department over its use of “Greyball”, a program that enabled it to evade enforcement officers in cities where it was operating illegally. Topics Uber Waymo Google Silicon Valley news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Uber tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Tips macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Podcasts TMO Background Mode Encore Interview with Science Communicator Dr. Kiki Sanford Courts and Divulging Passcodes, Essential Home - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-30 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 Apple Elevates Inclusion and Diversity to Rank of Vice President A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac View All Editorials → Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 30th, 2017 2:45 PM EDT | News Andy Rubin’s company, Essential, just set the bar for Apple’s rumored Siri voice assistant appliance. He announced on Monday Essential Home, which is a voice controlled assistant that sounds like a laundry list of Siri Speaker features. Essential Home aims to be your go-to voice control appliance The Essential Home—not to be confused with Google Home—looks a little like Amazon’s Echo Dot, but with a round display built into the top. It handles the usual functions, like streaming music, reporting the weather, and controlling your smart lights, plus it supports HomeKit, Nest, SmartThings, and other smart home platforms. The media is very interested in Essential and the products it’s promising because the company was founded by Andy Rubin. He’s the guy responsible for the creation of the Android operating system, and was in charge of the product for about 10 years after Google bought it up. He eventually left to pursue other tech ventures which ultimately led to Essential and its Home appliance. Home Wants to be Your Essential Voice Assistant Talking to the Home device should feel familiar for most tech savvy people because it supports Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant. Home will offer what it deems as contextually relevant information throughout the day, plus you can interact with it by voice, . Home is also all about protecting your privacy, according to The Verge, so it’ll handle as much of its artificial intelligence processing locally instead of relying on cloud-based systems for its smarts. It’s not clear how that’ll really keep your interactions private since Home can connect with smart services that exploit our personal data as a matter of business, like Google’s services. What we do know is Essential Home runs a new operating system dubbed Ambient OS that includes plenty of hooks to let all your smarthome devices work together, much like IFTTT. Since it’s handling a lot of what it does locally, maybe that’ll help keep what we say and how we use Home more private. Essential Home and Siri Speaker This all sounds a lot like what people are expecting from the rumored Siri Speaker: voice control with a display for supplemental information, music streaming, internet search support, smart home control, and a healthy dose of privacy. Those are exactly the comparisons Rubin is no doubt hoping for. The timing of the Essential Home announcement is anything but coincidence. Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference kicks off next week, and if Apple does announce its Siri Speaker the media will talk about how it stacks up against Amazon Echo, Google Home, and now Essential Home. The comparisons between Essential Home and Siri Speaker, however, will likely take center stage—at least with the technology pundits—because of how similar the two seem. Considering Essential has nothing more than computer renderings to show off and a promise of a launch later this year, it’s a safe bet that’s exactly what Rubin is counting on. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Andy Rubin, Essential Home, smart home, voice assistant You might also like… The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh GOP, Businesses Want to Spam Your Voicemail Without Calling Your Phone Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick May 30, 2017 if Apple does announce its Siri Speaker the media will talk about how it stacks up against Amazon Echo, Google Home, and now Essential Home. Or possibly how those stack up against Siri Speaker which would probably be leap frogs ahead. May 30, 2017 at 3:22 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Bryan Chaffin | May 26, 2017 Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency Andrew Orr | May 26, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.67 +0.06 (0.04%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Carpool Karaoke Coming to Apple Music on August 8th, Here's the Lineup Turing Tumble on Kickstarter Has Kids Building Mechanical Computers Essential Home Tries to Snag the Smarthome Crowd from Siri Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 Brings New Wallpapers to iPad Pro MacBook Pro Shipping Delay Hints at New Models for WWDC Recent Tips See All » macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Comprehensive Guide to Magic Mouse Mac Gestures Tell the FCC Exactly How You Feel about Ringless Voicemail Recent Editorials See All » Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip Here’s What Kik Users Need to Know About Kin Cryptocurrency The Touchbar MacBook Pro is a Disposable Embarrassment Apple Music Is Turning Apple into a Media Giant Dr. Mac's Gifts for Dads and Grads 2017 17981 Jeff Gamet news 1 1496155531 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... How To Enable The Handwriting Keyboard On Android Wear 2.0 Preview 1 Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2016/05/23 12:10pm PDTMay 23, 2016 19 Plus 1 on G+ 25 Share on Facebook 0 Share on Twitter Total Shares44 Android Wear News Tips & Tutorials After Google released the Android Wear 2.0 Preview images for the Huawei Watch and LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition, many of us quickly flashed the firmware onto our watches to test out the new features. Most of the major changes are pretty easy to find, and some could even be said to be a little in-your-face. However, we saw quite a few people were confused by what seemed to be the absence of the handwriting keyboard. It turns out that it's just not enabled by default on the preview firmware. While it's not exactly buried, knowing that it has to be activated and where to go isn't very intuitive; so we've made a quick how-to guide for those that got a little lost. Disclaimer: These steps work on Android Wear 2.0 Preview 1, and may not match precisely in future releases. Enabling The Handwriting Keyboard Step 1 – Get to the right settings screen Start by launching the Settings app. This can be done either by pulling down the quick settings panel while the watchface is showing or by launching it from the app drawer. Once in Settings, find Input Methods in the list and open it. Now tap on the 3-dot option that lists the "Current" keyboard. Notice the list only contains Google Keyboard. Tap the button labeled CHOOSE KEYBOARDS. Step 2 – Enable and switch to the Handwriting keyboard At this point, you should be looking at a screen with a couple sliding toggles. The Handwriting toggle is probably disabled and the Google Keyboard toggle is enabled. Tap the Handwriting line to switch it to enabled if it isn't already, then back out to the previous screen using the hardware button. The list of keyboards now contains Handwriting, but the big white dot is still set to Google Keyboard. Tap the Handwriting line to switch the selector to that keyboard, then hit the hardware button to back out one more step. Note: At this point, the handwriting keyboard is enabled and selected. The next step is optional. Step 3 – Manage Handwriting keyboard settings If it wasn't obvious before (and it isn't), the items on the Input Methods screen after the 3-dot item are shortcuts to the individual Settings for each keyboard. Tap on the Handwriting keyboard to make some selections. (Yeah, this settings screen isn't even remotely optimized for round displays.) The list of options include a language selector and options to send handwriting samples and usage statistics back to Google. Usage statistics are enabled by default, but the samples are not. Make changes as you see fit. Step 4 – Using the keyboard Anytime a text input option becomes available, a screen with three icons will appear. From left to right, they are a microphone for voice dictation, a smiley for emoji entry, and a keyboard for text input with whatever keyboard you've selected. Tap the keyboard to start the handwriting input. Tip: Long-press on the keyboard icon to quickly switch between keyboards without going back to the Settings screen. Using the Handwriting keyboard is really straight-forward, especially if you've seen the demos. You simply use a finger to draw letters, numbers, and symbols. Once you start drawing, the text will slide away to the left (or presumably to the right for RTL languages). Short pauses or larger gaps between words can help the keyboard figure out where spaces belong. There's a backspace key at the bottom-left that will delete a single character with a tap or many characters with a press-and-hold. There's a confirmation button in the form of a checkmark to the right. That's about it. Have fun with the Wear 2.0 Preview! Tags android wear android wear 2.0 handwriting handwriting recognition how-to keyboards texting subscribe ... Previous Story T-Mobile Galaxy S5 Receives Android Marshmallow OTA Update ... Next Story Android N Developer Preview 3 Includes A Tweaked Package Installer UI Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Alex Dueppen That settings page looks like it must have been tested on a phone or something. Cody Toombs I haven't poked around at the apk, but I've got a feeling it's the regular handwriting keyboard with just enough extra code to perform the sliding effect, show those couple of buttons, and maybe make a few other obligatory tweaks for the watch. Jared K RIP in piece LG G Watch R :( Protoss That's a preview just saying... specs are the same on the G Watch R and the Huawei Watch, and even if they dont release 2.0 on the G Watch R we still have XDA Jared K I know, im just sad that they didn't give us a preview build. Ted Voltolina Is there a question about 2.0 coming to GWaR or not? I thought they said at I/O that it would be coming to "everybody" soon. Cody Toombs Do you know when/where that was said? I've tried to keep up with everything, but so much came out of there last week. Ted Voltolina I could have sworn Sundar said it in the keynote during the bit on Wear 2.0. It was either him or the specialist who came out to talk about Wear 2.0. But I'm pretty sure it was during the keynote. Cody Toombs Hmm, ok. I'll probably rewatch that sometime this week anyway. Just curious since I've started to have my doubts about this update reaching everybody. The ostensible requirement for a hardware button and a couple of features that seem to demand a little more screen real estate have me wondering how well this will work out on the original G Watch and a few others like it. Ted Voltolina David Singleton said it here. At least that's how I'm interpreting it, what do you think? https://youtu.be/862r3XS2YB0?t=1h24m15s Cody Toombs I don't know... That could be a lot like the announcements for a new version of Android where they say "everyone" can get it in the Fall. What they really mean is most people will get it in the Winter or Spring, and many others won't get it at all. It could totally go both ways. I'm hoping it hits every watch, but not holding the highest of expectations because some concessions will have to be made somewhere to get all of the different watches to work with what we can currently see in Wear 2.0. Ted Voltolina Do you think it helps the G Watch R's case that it has the same specs as the Huawei Watch, which is one of the two watches that are getting the 2.0 dev preview? Robin The R will get it for sure imo. The only ones I have doubts about are the original G Watch and the Moto 360 Gen1 (which I own) because of the lack of a hardware button/has a underpowered omap cpu FroodyFrog Look at http://www.lg.com/uk/smart-watches/lg-W110 under Tech Specs. It says it supports AW 2.0 I know that this is the UK site, but the point still remains. (US one just says AW) Ted Voltolina Good find! I hope that's the case. G Watch R is the most affordable circular watch without a flat tire, and it does what I need it to do. I'm very reluctant to upgrade as long as it keeps getting updates (and doesn't break). To me, it's the Nexus 5 of Android watches. cbn4forums There is no way I am going to try to hand-write anything on my watch when I can easily pull out my phone and do it better. Stephen Cornwell It's great for short replies. How do you define better? whispy_snippet While I don't own an Android wear device, the handwriting input method seems perfect for a smart watch. I feel like it should be the default input method. It's simple and intuitive enough to quickly type out a short "there in five" or "I'm running late" but not powerful enough to tempt someone to write a lengthy email (like a keyboard does). Stephen Cornwell Couldn't agree more. I use voice replies on my watch when appropriate and now handwriting for quick replies when it's not. It's actually quicker than a voice reply for a short "ok". Francois Nguyen I am on Wear 2.0 on my LG Urbane v1. I currently use FlickKey Keyboard on the watch to answer back from SMS or from Whatsapp. It's doable. I actually make a habit of typing from that from now on. Just need to redo muscle memory because I have to "flick" on the keyboard instead of "typing". (A flick is like a MUCH shorter swipe.) icyhotmike The GWR will get Wear 2.0 The hardware is very capable of supporting it. FroodyFrog LG UK pretty much confirmed it (look under tech specs): http://www.lg.com/uk/smart-watches/lg-W110 icyhotmike That pretty much proves it. Good find. VCat24 Yeeeeesss Dave How are the Google Now cards handled under Wear 2.0? How do they look like now? Right now they are displayed very unintuitive I think. Geoff Johnson There are no more "cards". You get a little animation on a new notification, and when you swipe up you see a full screen page with that notification. Dave But all this Google Now content (weather, sports scores, ETA to work and so on) still has to be somewhere, no? Right now this is bundled under one card and when you want to see all that information you have to click on it first. Geoff Johnson I used to get them before but I have not seen those useless Now cards since I upgraded to 2.0 Wontime Nice Alex Espinosa I'm debating on upgrading my Moto 360 1st gen to a new smartwatch to take advantage of the upcoming update. Is it worth the upgrade now or hang on to my current watch until a new watch is announced? Dave I'd suggest you wait until the first batch of watches with AW 2.0 out of the box is announced. If you don't like any of these you can still buy an older one. Until AW 2.0 is officially out it still takes some time anyway. Cody Toombs It sorta depends on what you're trying to get. If you want the latest and greatest, so to speak, I too suggest waiting. It works a lot like phones, but since watches are so new to the market, the timeline is shorter. The Huawei Watch is over 6 months old, and the Urbane 2nd edition existed for about as long (though released super late). There are new processors coming to watches very soon, and those are going to be more powerful and more power-efficient. On the other side of it, if you're more interested in saving a bit of money while still enjoying the ride with Android Wear, I'd suggest waiting for a sale or price drop on the Huawei Watch or Urbane 2nd edition, or even the 2nd gen Moto 360 (depending on which looks best to you). I haven't tried the others, but I really like the Huawei Watch. it's monumentally better than the 1st gen 360. But if you're not going to target the absolute latest releases, let your upgrade timing coincide with some good savings which can go toward another upgrade down the line. FroodyFrog I'm fairly pleased with the Huawei Watch. Could I get better battery life with a newer watch down the road? Most likely, especially since like you said the new processors will be used. However, for $150, the Huawei Watch is a great deal, so I'm not complaining. With the announcement of AW 2.0 though, there aren't any features which I am not getting. After all, it's not like they announced NFC support for mobile payments. I feel like the only advantage the next round of watches will have over the Huawei Watch is better battery life. If that's true, then I can see myself holding onto it until some time in late 2017, if not later. (I feel like there's room for a pun here, and I apologize for that.) Robin Where did you get the Huawei Watch for $150? 😯. That's something I would also be willing to spend. On other thoughts, something the next generation will have is LTE, although it's debatable if it is worth it. But I personally would love LTE on my watch, so I could leaf my phone at home while running. FroodyFrog To answer your question if it's worth it, I personally wouldn't spring for the next gen if LTE is the only main difference. I'm pleased with the HWatch, and can't see myself upgrading just yet. Then again, I said the same thing with the LG G Watch. I think this because I usually have my phone with me anyways, so standalone GPS and LTE is somewhat unnecessary for me. Robin OK, thanks :) Just one more thing: where did you get the Huawei watch for $150? FroodyFrog What I said is my own situation. I'm assuming that numerous people would feel otherwise (I.e that it's worth it to upgrade from an HWatch to someone from the next batch) Robin .? FroodyFrog Last week I tried flashing AW 2.0 to my Huawei Watch. The flash-all script crashed every time I tried running it, so I manually flashed each image. Watch didn't boot (must have left out a file), so I went back to 1.4 (having to manually flash each image because the script didn't like me) Anyways... a few hours ago, I decided to flash the various images again, and it worked. I'm not a fan of the full screen notifications, although I do like the bit on the side to show how far down the menu I am. Google search works in the sense that it recognizes my commands, but it doesn't actually do anything else (i.e open apps or do a web search). I have mixed feelings about the way to change watch faces; I like that it only shows the ones which I select from my list of faces through the watch list (like a favorites menu), but for them to change it to swipe left/right from main screen is where I have mixed feelings. I do like the fact that now there's it has a keyboard with the handwriting input (as I do longer need to use 3rd party keyboards, since I either need another xposed module to use it, or another app + xposed module to use a 3rd party keyboard). Jan Machovec The question is, am I gonna get Wear 2 on my Moto 360 2014? Jan Machovec Is there actually an Android Wear watch that doesn't go with the newest 1.4? PieterAelse I want to know this as well!! Must be Bluetooth or impossible and wait for the OTA... Unless Google does the preview/beta for Wear the same way they did if for the Nexii, register and OTA the preview/beta. Would be nice! zahid ali How come i dont see the input Methods option in my LG watch 2 . please help Fabio Monteiro How do I type underscore on Android Wear2.0? Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 123 queries | 0.689s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Productivity Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Saikat Basu May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 8 minutes Make a Fillable Form in Word 2016 & Collect Data the Easy Way Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Have you ever seen a beautiful form in your life? I don’t think I have. The bland paper form just wants your damned information and then head towards a dusty file somewhere. That’s where an electronic fillable form can shine. First, you can create and broadcast one at the speed of a few clicks. Second, you can make them pop out from the screen with imaginative design. Third, you don’t need a dusty file. Fillable forms aren’t Adobe Acrobat’s turf anymore. Several tools can help you make intelligent forms on the fly. Google Forms is the first popular tool that comes to mind. But there are other reliable alternatives to Google Forms The Finest 14 Google Forms Alternatives You Should Try The Finest 14 Google Forms Alternatives You Should Try There's a world outside of Google and some pretty great Google Forms alternatives. Find out if these web apps and tools are as effective for you as Google Forms is. Read More out there. Microsoft Word included. You may not have paid attention to Word’s powerful abilities 10 Hidden Microsoft Word Features that Will Make Your Life Easier 10 Hidden Microsoft Word Features that Will Make Your Life Easier Microsoft Word is deceptively simple. You are fine as long as you fire up a document and just type. But Microsoft Word wouldn't be the Swiss knife it is without its productive features. Read More because you didn’t need to create a form yet. Also, a fillable form is an advanced feature in Microsoft Word that you might want to do with a gun pointed at your head. But you should master it because you never know when you may need to gather data or feedback from a target audience. It All Starts with a Plan Think of it this way. Your goal is to coax information and not arm-twist it with a form that would make the J. Edgar’s of this world proud. Your objective is to achieve your goals and that of the user. For example, you can use a form to ask for feedback from the visitors to your site 5 Essential Forms That Every Website Needs to Have 5 Essential Forms That Every Website Needs to Have Here are five form types that you should consider adding to your website. Read More and expand your own knowledge. Your goal as a website owner is to meet user expectations and boost traffic to your page. Keep it simple. Think about the user-friendliness of the labels, input fields, and the action buttons in the form. Ask the right questions. Ask only what you really need. Extra information can be left for other forms of communication. Make it easy to complete. Users should be able to scan the form in one sweep of the eye. Form design is an entire subject. You should consider other factors as well, like ensuring the privacy of the form and the data validation that follows. These three are over-arching goals you should set yourself. So, let’s move to the Microsoft Word Ribbon and a special tab where it all starts. The Developer Tab Is the Control Center for Your Form The process to create our first form starts in the Developer tab on the Ribbon. You can’t spot it yet as it is disabled by default. Let’s bring it to the surface. Go to File > Options > Customize Ribbon. Under the long list of main tabs on the right, select the checkbox for Developer. Click OK. The Developer controls now have a place on the Ribbon. Add the Content Controls Content controls are interactive elements that help you design documents and templates quickly. They are containers for specific content in a document. These form controls have been part of Word since 2007. They are the building blocks for any form. Every content control has properties which can be set to take information from the user and collect data. Type in the details that you want the recipients to fill out – like Name, Gender, Age, Country, Mobile Number, Operating System…and a few more. Using a table to neatly organize the fields is always a good idea. Here’s how the skeleton of the form looks… Now, we have to add the Content Controls from the Developer tab which will make this form more interactive. Select the Developer tab.  Insert the cursor where you want the control to appear. Under the Controls group, you can see that there are ten content control options to choose from depending on the user input you want. Choose the Right Content Control for Your Form Rich Text Content Control: Users can type more than one line and format the text as bold or italic. Plain Text Content Control: Users can only enter text in the plain text format. Picture Content Control: This control displays an image. You can specify the image or users can click this control to select an image to insert in the document. Building Block Gallery Content Control: This is useful for more complex documents when you want people to choose a specific block of text. A building block is any predesigned piece of content. This control can hold these pre-designed blocks for you to select the right one. Building blocks can help you create forms with many variables quickly. For example, you can create three different terms of an agreement as three building blocks. With this control, you select one to apply in the form. Check Box Content Control: Users can select one or more options from a pre-defined list in the form. Combo Box Content Control: Users can select from a list of options that you provide or they can type in their own information. Drop-Down List Content Control: Users can select one or multiple options from a drop-down list. Date Picker Content Control: Allows the user to choose a date from the displayed calendar. Repeating Section Content Control: This content control can be used to collect different versions of the same data. With this, you can repeat the sections of your form as needed. Legacy Tools: These are the field types that were available in older versions of Word. For instance: frames. You can continue to use them in Word 2016 when you want to save a form for an older version of Word. Now, all you have to is add the Content Controls at the right places in your document and then use the Content Control Properties to configure them for taking the right kind of data from the users. Let’s do this in the next section. Add All Content Controls Insert the cursor where you want the control to appear. Choose from the ten Content Controls as per the user input you want. For instance, Name needs a Plain Text Control as a fillable data field. Gender could do with Checkboxes for male, female, and others as appropriate. For boilerplate text, you can use the Building Block Gallery Content Control. Here’s how our simple form looks like after all the Content Controls have been placed at the right places. Set the Properties for Each Content Controls Each content control has properties that you can restrict or change. For example, the Date Picker control offers options for the format you want to use to display the date. Click the content control that you want to change. Go to the Developer tab and click Properties. Change the properties that you want. For instance, you can select a specific symbol for the checkbox instead of the standard checkmark. You can set the Date Picker to accept dates in a specific month-date-year format. Here’s another illustration of a drop-down list. By default, the Display Name and Value will be the same, but you can change it if you like. You don’t need to change the values unless you are using Word macros to further work on the form fields. Once you have filled the drop-down list, click. Users will be able to select the options from the drop-down list in the finished form. Add Filler Text to Guide the User Each content control displays a filler text. For instance, the Plain Text Content Control tells you to “Click or tap here to enter text“. The Content Control Properties dialog allows you to tweak this text and make the instructions more relevant to the data you are looking for. This is helpful because you would want to make the instructions as clear as possible for the user. Tweak the default instructional text in few quick steps: Go to the Developer tab and click Design Mode. Click the content control where you want to revise the placeholder instructional text. Edit the placeholder text and format it any way you want. On the Developer tab click Design Mode to turn off the design feature. Save the instructional text. Finalize the Form and Restrict Unintentional Editing You don’t want users to change the form fields and break the integrity of the information you are looking for. With a single command, you can lock down the editing of form content by anyone other than yourself. Open the form that you want to lock or protect. Click Home > Select > Select All (or press CTRL+A). Click Developer > Restrict Editing. A Restrict Editing pane will be displayed on the right. Click on the dropdown for Editing restrictions and choose Filling in forms. Enable the Allow only this type of editing checkbox above it. Click on Yes, Start Enforcing Protection and then enter a password to secure the restrictions. Now, everything is locked and the user can only access the form fields to enter data. Always, test the form before sending it. Open the form, fill it out as the user would, and then save a copy in a location that you want. This is a form at its simplest. Formatting and designing with Word’s other tools can turn even this simple form into a powerful document for data exchange. Let’s leave that for another future article. Do You Need to Design a Form Right Now? A form is an engagement tool. It is also a tool for transactions thanks to the legal acceptance of electronic and digital signatures Is Your Electronic Signature Legal Around the World? Is Your Electronic Signature Legal Around the World? Are electronic signatures valid and legal around the world? Are they more preferable to the inked handwritten signature in a paperless world? We look at what the law says globally. Read More around the world. If you have a business of any kind, you can make your own forms and keep them around as form templates 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy Business templates can save you lots of time. Here we show you a selection of business form templates you can download for free. Read More for any situation. Do you create your own forms? How convenient do you find Microsoft Word as compared to the more popular Google Forms or many other online alternatives? Image Credit: Andrey_Popov via Shutterstock.com Originally written by Saikat Basu on July 25, 2011. Previous PostIf Microsoft Word Crashes, Do This Right Away to Recover Unsaved Work 47 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Duane January 17, 2017 at 3:35 am easier to make gross revenue in one case you eat on your bed fauna aware with a not bad inhabitant feature, but it make up one's mind alter the results attender. Committing to a associate who makes timbre picturing equipment. When cookery with regale but to go out assist. some areas areasnow take NBA Basketball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys NBA Basketball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys MLB Baseball Jerseys expenditures without having the items you tire out, on that point is no denying the information that the items that are nipping and flavourous food product of this clause and see what rattling complex. habitus forceful and according to your friends and social unit. They can genuinely promote germinate the essential traction necessary Reply clarkson October 30, 2016 at 4:20 pm Great Info there! Wonder if it is possible to export an excel cell content into a content control rich text? Will a plus point if can refresh by itself when the cell is been updated. Reply fillable August 31, 2016 at 5:01 pm this is very good website Reply jay June 28, 2016 at 5:09 am I have a table with fields in, when I type text in a column the text in the field moves down into another row. I have tried to restrict it to 3 lines in maximum length but this does not seem to stop the text from moving down. Does 2010 have the option like adobe pro where the text would stay in the column & row but just makes the font smaller enabling it to stay in the field. Reply Kathleen June 22, 2016 at 2:08 pm I created a fillable form and password protected it. However When i open it on my Android phone it is no longer protected and when I open it on an iphone you can fill in the form.. How do I fix the form so it can by used on computers, iphone and android phone? Reply CA 35 Mike December 8, 2015 at 3:05 pm FYI: common grammatical error at, http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/fillable-form-word-2010-collect-data-easy/ "Available since Word 2007, there home is on the Developer tab" should be "their home is on..." I appreciate the resources and tips you offer. Reply Amanda March 25, 2015 at 3:40 pm I use the "Restrict Editing" feature on my Word form (with a password no one but myself knows), limiting folks to just filling in the form. That said, each year when I collect them from my program participants, a few people ALWAYS manage to override my protections and are able to 1) override drop-down menus and type in whatever they want in the field or 2) type outside the text fields. Any idea how folks are getting around my protection? Thanks! Reply Matthew April 8, 2015 at 1:21 am You can easily unlock any work document by saving it as a html file, open the html file with notepad to see the code behind the document. You then use the find function to quickly search for the term "enforcement = 1" or "enforcement = yes" and change the 1 to a 0 or change the yes to a no, close, save and voila! the document now has zero protection. (sources: Google). Reply Dean March 17, 2015 at 3:02 pm Is there any way to make a fillable form functional in the tablet/iPad version of Word? I have Office 365 Word on my iPad and can't seem to get the fillable form fields to work. Thank you. Reply Saikat March 17, 2015 at 4:56 pm Honestly, no idea as I don't own a tablet. Maybe, you can pitch this in our Answers section. Reply Fiona February 25, 2015 at 12:44 am Hi :) For a text form field I've got Default Text to give users a hint regarding the type of data they need to enter into that field. How do I stop that default text from printing if the user doesn't populate that field? I've tried the add helpt text section in the field properties but whatever I type doesn't appear in the document. Reply Saikat February 25, 2015 at 5:17 am Enter the Developer mode. Click on the box in question and click properties Remove the default text Once you protect the document again that text will disappear and the blank space now appears. I don't think there's any other way. But do ask in our Answers section. Someone might have a neat tip. Reply Fiona February 25, 2015 at 12:35 am Hi :) For a text form field I've got Default Text to give users a hint regarding the type of data they need to enter into that field. How do I stop that default text from printing if the user doesn't populate that field? I've tried the add helpt text section in the field properties but whatever I type doesn't appear in the document. Reply Joel January 20, 2015 at 12:50 pm Hi, How would I get about getting the information from the form and displaying them in something like a label elsewhere in the same document?? cheers great post Reply Saikat January 21, 2015 at 5:44 pm I haven't tried that yet, but maybe, follow the same steps as for mail merge into labels? Reply Kent January 19, 2015 at 10:57 pm Excellent tutorial. I have a Word 2010 document where I would to create a number field where the user must enter a number greater than a predetermined minimum. So for example the user can enter anything over 500, but not 499 or less. Is there a way to restrict user entered data like this...thank you in advance Reply Saikat January 20, 2015 at 7:05 am As far as I know, data validation is much more difficult in Word and is an overkill. The easier tool to use is Excel. Hopefully, this WordTips tutorialwill help you out. Reply Anthony January 5, 2015 at 4:24 am I have a form with several different types of content controls (ie. checkbox, dropdown, etc.) I want to be able to search for all dropdown controls and replace them with a checkbox control. How do I do this? Reply Saikat January 12, 2015 at 9:16 am Not sure how to answer this. Why don't you try our community in our Answers section.. Reply Elango December 31, 2014 at 8:16 am I need for how to export image content control Reply uchesgirl December 16, 2014 at 11:05 pm Your article didn't mention anything about how to collect the data, after the document has been created. I need assistance in that area. I would like to import the data in Excel or Access. Reply MaryB May 1, 2015 at 3:57 pm I have the same question. I need to know how to get this data from the filled out forms into Excel. thanks! Reply MaryB May 1, 2015 at 4:05 pm I have the same question. I need to know how to get this data from the filled out forms into Excel. thanks! Reply Mark Ian Alloso January 17, 2017 at 3:27 am The same situation at the moment. Any update on how to fix this one please? Reply Saikat Basu January 22, 2017 at 6:37 am This solution is the easiest one -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LgopxVe-Uc There are other solutions that use the power of VBA . YouTube has a few videos on that as well. But all in all looks like time for another article ;) Devon Wright December 14, 2014 at 9:40 pm Yes , this has helped me to complete a section of an assignment I am doing on interactive CD . I never had a clue how to create such a interactive feedback form. However , I used Word 2007 so I could not get 'check boxes' for age , gender and so on ; I used text for all questions! The drop box for properties never appeared , neither for restriction for editing the question but I was able to use 'Group' to prevent editing by the user. Thanks! Reply CindyHaight October 17, 2011 at 4:53 pm I need to add a function where the user can tab from field to field when completing a form. Where is this function? Reply Saikat Basu October 22, 2011 at 7:38 pm I am not sure of the answer myself. Maybe, you can post it in our Answers section and ask for the solution from the wider community. Reply Chris October 16, 2011 at 6:34 pm Thanks a million for taking the time to compose, type and present this great info, you taught me something it would have taken hours to learn on my own. I do appreciate your time and hard work involved in creating this helpful posting.  It is definitely helping people and changing the world for the common good. Chris Reply Niels Grundtvig Nielsen October 11, 2011 at 8:45 am When I try this - just adding checkboxes - the [Yes, Start Enforcing Protection] button remains disabled. All I've managed to find is vague suggestions about DRM, which seems a bit like overkill. Any tips will be welcome!   Reply Kim October 4, 2011 at 1:18 pm Hi, Great tutorial.  However, when I protect it and save it as a .dotx and then send it to myself, none of the controls (check boxes or text boxes) are accessible.  I created it in Word 2010. I emailed it to a Word 2007 pc and nothing is working at all.  Any help/advice would be appreciated Reply Saikat Basu October 6, 2011 at 11:49 am I guess it will only work as a 2010 document. You cannot use it if you create it in the upgraded version and open it up again in the 2007 version. Reply Saikat Basu October 14, 2011 at 7:43 pm It won't work with the 2007 version. You have to save it as a dotx file and not as doc. Some of the advanced controls are meant for Word 2010. Reply Saikat Basu September 27, 2011 at 3:29 am There is a maxlength property. I suppose you can use that. You can also set properties like multi-line, word wrap, and auto-size. Reply Shamelin September 23, 2011 at 2:01 pm Is there an easy way to know how many characters will fit into a text box? I often need to use several different size boxes and find it difficult to ensure that the text will not "roll" out of the readable area of the box. Reply hoangmi September 20, 2011 at 6:56 am Thank you for this wonderful tutorial. I've filled this website URL in my 'useful websites' folder. I have one question: Can we make a bigger box than the tick box for yes/no question that respondents can fill digits? Reply Saikat Basu September 22, 2011 at 10:22 am I am not sure I understand your question. You can use a Rich Text Content control or a Plain Text Control. Using an ActiveX control allows you to set dimensions. Reply Griego September 15, 2011 at 6:08 pm How can I add a line below the active area so it appears that the user is typing on a line? Reply Saikat Basu September 15, 2011 at 8:09 pm I am not sure of this myself. You can use Active X Controls (Text Box) and work with the values given in the Categorized tab of the Active X control's Properties box. But I didn't get the desired result in my trial. You can put this question to the wiser community in our Answers section. Reply Guest September 26, 2011 at 8:43 pm I don't know if it works in 10 - but I had good luck in 2003 with clicking in the "box" and picking underline.  It will then underline what you type in the box.  I didn't test... Reply JayBird70 October 21, 2011 at 11:37 pm When you create a text box go to home and underline it......I hope this help.  It worked for me Reply Becca12 September 8, 2011 at 2:57 pm This is very helpful, thanks.  Is there a way for me to create a field for text that is restricted in length, and that also is filled with background color?  I'd like the fillable areas to be colored to indicate where input is needed. Reply N2s2k2 September 3, 2011 at 1:31 am I want to add Date of Birth with three separate Day, Month, Year dropdowns. How to do that? Reply Saikat Basu September 7, 2011 at 7:13 pm The easiest way would be to add a Date Picker Control from the Developer tab. But if you want to insert separate dropdowns, the each dropdown has to be populated with values for day, month, and year from the properties tab of the Dropdown List Control. Reply Umariking August 4, 2011 at 4:50 pm Simply great. but please tell us how to collect the data in the above filled forms to MS Access.  Thanking You for the above post Reply Saikat Basu August 5, 2011 at 3:58 am That's slightly more complicated. You have to create a ADODB connection between the two. Couldn't find an updated tutorial on it for Office 2010, but you can check out an old MSDN article. The process should be similar. Reply Anonymous August 2, 2011 at 9:17 am great post dude... Reply Saikat Basu 1214 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles PDFfiller Is the Complete PDF Solution for Editing, Signing, and Filing Promoted Productivity PDFfiller Is the Complete PDF Solution for Editing, Signing, and Filing How to Install Microsoft Text Fonts in Ubuntu Linux Linux How to Install Microsoft Text Fonts in Ubuntu Linux 3 Excellent Sites to Get Free Document Templates Productivity Internet 3 Excellent Sites to Get Free Document Templates Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Uber engineer Levandowski, accused of massive theft from Google, has been fired Engineer is accused of grabbing 14,000 files before founding his own startup. Joe Mullin - May 30, 2017 8:24 pm UTC Enlarge / Anthony Levandowski, VP of engineering at Uber, speaking to reporters at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center on September 13, 2016 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. ANGELO MERENDINO/AFP/Getty Images reader comments 110 Share this story The Uber engineer at the center of the company's litigation with Waymo, Anthony Levandowski, has been fired. Levandowski's termination was made clear in an internal e-mail and reported earlier today by The New York Times. An Uber spokesperson confirmed the news to Ars Technica. Google's self-driving car division, Waymo, sued Uber in February, claiming that Levandowski downloaded more than 14,000 files while he was a Google employee, including trade secrets. Uber has not denied that Levandowski may have taken files but maintains that its self-driving car technology was built independently from the ground up. The company says Google's files didn't make their way to Uber. Levandowski, who was not a defendant in the lawsuit against Uber, has declined to answer most questions and asserted his Fifth Amendment rights. In the e-mail obtained by the Times, Uber associate general counsel Angela Padilla wrote: Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently. Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case. US District Judge William Alsup noted that Uber could terminate Levandowski in his order earlier this month, which barred Levandowski from any work on lidar systems. He also referred the case to the US Attorney for possible criminal investigation. In court hearings, Uber has emphasized its massive discovery efforts. The ride-sharing company points out that it has interviewed dozens of employees and sifted through more than 12 terabytes of data looking for Google's files. Uber has additional discovery deadlines coming up in June. Uber has been pressing Levandowski to assist with its internal investigation for months, but Levandowski recently failed to meet a deadline for compliance, according to an Uber spokesperson. Eric Meyerhofer, who took charge of Uber's Advanced Technology Group in April, will now lead the self-driving car efforts. Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 110 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sign In E-mail * Password * Sign In Forgotten Password? Create Account Search form SEARCH Register Subscribe Sign In About Home News Books Charts Blogs Insight Children's FutureBook Events Careers Jobs Digital Children's Retail Rights Books International Academic Frankfurt Book Fair You are here Home News Oxford student wins inaugural $100k Nine Dots Prize Oxford student wins inaugural $100k Nine Dots PrizePublished May 30, 2017 by Natasha Onwuemezi Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin James Williams, a doctoral candidate researching design ethics at Oxford University and former Google employee, has won the inaugural $100,000 (£77,730) Nine Dots Prize. James Williams, a doctoral candidate researching design ethics at Oxford University and former Google employee, has won the inaugural $100,000 (£77,730) Nine Dots Prize. Established to promote and encourage innovative thinking to address problems facing the modern world, the Nine Dots Prize is It is funded by the Kadas Prize Foundation, an English registered charity established to fund research into significant but neglected questions relevant to today’s world, and supported by Cambridge University Press and the Centre for Research in the Arts, Social Sciences and Humanities (CRASSH), both departments of the University of Cambridge. Up against competition from over 700 other entrants from around the world, 35-year-old Williams’ 3,000-word answer to the set question ‘Are digital technologies making politics impossible?’ was deemed the most original and innovative by the 10-strong board of academics, journalists and thinkers judging the prize. His entry 'Stand Out of Our Light: Freedom and Persuasion in the Attention Economy' argues that digital technologies are making all forms of politics worth having impossible as they privilege our impulses over our intentions and are "designed to exploit our psychological vulnerabilities in order to direct us toward goals that may or may not align with our own". As well as the $100,000 prize money, Williams has been awarded a book deal with Cambridge University Press for a book in which he will develop his ideas on this topic. He will be supported by the editorial team at Cambridge University Press and will spend a term at CRASSH. Born in Cape Canaveral, Florida and raised in Texas, Williams is currently a doctoral candidate at the Oxford Internet Institute and Balliol College, Oxford, where he researches the philosophy and ethics of attention and persuasion as they relate to technology design. Prior to that he worked for over 10 years at Google, where he received the Founders’ Award – the company’s highest honour – for his work on advertising products and tools. Williams said: “I'm honoured, grateful, heartened, energised and overjoyed to have won this opportunity. I know that many others thought deeply about this question and put substantial time, attention and care into answering it. I'm looking forward to getting to work on producing a book that is worthy of the competition. “As Neil Postman pointed out in the 1980s, we’re far more attuned to Orwellian threats to freedom such as coercion and force, than to the subtler, more indirect threats of persuasion or manipulation of the sort Aldous Huxley warned us about when he predicted that it’s not what we fear but what we desire that will control us. Yet today these Huxleyan threats pose the far greater risk, and I’m extremely encouraged that the Nine Dots Prize Board has chosen to give its attention to these pressing matters. Their important question is not only compelling but also timely, and this competition is a fascinating and original way of putting such a crucial subject on the societal radar.” Professor Goldhill said: “This competition was uniquely exciting: all the entries were anonymous, and we had no idea whether we were reading the proposal of a professor, a novelist, a postman, a student or a lawyer. It turned out afterwards we had plenty of all of these among our more than 700 applications. We aimed to discover a new voice, and luckily we have: an as-yet unpublished individual with experience of the tech industry and of academia. There were several proposals that the board felt would make excellent books, but we think we have the best – and we hope that a really lively public debate will follow its publication. The issue it addresses is hugely important, and this is a new and thrilling way of starting such a discussion.” Nine Dots Prize James Williams Share Share on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share on Linkedin View the discussion thread. Latest Jobs Production & Pre-Press Controller Sales Executive, 8 Month Maternity Cover Sales Administrator More Jobs Latest News Stories Adrian Mole 50th anniversary among BMS Marketing spring winners Oxford student wins inaugural $100k Nine Dots Prize Charity book inspired by Tony Walsh's Manchester poem Nosy Crow snaps up Usborne's Stowell in four book deal Mostly Books sold to 'passionate' book lover Booksellers Association blasts delay in business rates support The Official UK CHART 1. The Clever Guts Diet: How to Revolutionise Your Body from the Inside Out by Michael Mosley 2. The Couple Next Door by Shari Lapena 3. Into the Water by Paula Hawkins 4. Night School by Lee Child 5. This Was a Man by Jeffrey Archer 6. The Hairy Dieters Go Veggie by Hairy Bikers 7. I See You by Clare Mackintosh 8. The Wrong Side of Goodbye by Michael Connelly 9. Dead to Me by Lesley Pearse 10. Need You Dead by Peter James More Charts Latest issue view online or subscribe now Issue No 5756 Friday, May 26 2017 Back issues available here Site Map Advertise Jobs Contact About Us Editorial Features Privacy Policy ©2017 Bookseller Media Ltd rights reserved. At the Heart of Publishing since 1858
Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Posted: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 3:52 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 4:23 PM EDT Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber's self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. By Seth Fiegerman NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Uber has fired the self-driving car executive at the center of a legal battle with Google over stolen intellectual property. Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber's self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. Waymo, Google's self-driving car company, is suing Uber for allegedly using technology stolen by Levandowski while he was still at Google. Waymo claims Levandowski took 14,000 secret documents from the company. The lawsuit threatens to derail Uber's self-driving car project, which has been pitched as the future of the ride-hailing juggernaut. Levandowski had stepped aside from leading the company's self-driving efforts last month as the court battle kicked off. Levandowski's firing marks a stunning end for the star executive. Uber acquired Otto, an autonomous trucking startup founded by Levandowski, less than two years ago. The deal was reported to have a price tag of $680 million. "I feel like we're brothers from another mother," Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said of Levandowski in an interview at the time of the acquisition. Eric Meyhofer, the director of engineering at Uber's advantaged technologies group, has been leading the self-driving team since Levandowski stepped aside and will continue to do so. The executive shuffle comes as Uber faces PR crises on all fronts. It is dealing with a sexual harassment investigation internally and is the subject of a criminal probe over a tool it built to help drivers dodge law enforcement in certain cities. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 975.88 4.41 Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving lawsuit with Alphabet’s Waymo Abner Li - May. 30th 2017 12:14 pm PT @technacity Uber Waymo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Anthony Levandowski, the former Google engineer at the center of Waymo and Uber’s legal battle, has been fired. This termination comes due to his continued refusal to cooperate in proceedings over whether the ride-sharing service stole Alphabet’s self-driving technology. Nintendo Switch First reported by the New York Times, Uber announced the firing of its vice president of technology in an internal email to employees today. Levandowski has long been ordered by a federal judge to hand over related evidence and testimony during recent hearings. Throughout the process, Uber has maintained that its self-driving technology did not copy Google’s earlier work. The company wanted Levandowski to cooperate in order to help with the case. However, the engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination. With this firing, effective immediately, it’s clear that Uber was unsuccessful in doing so. In late April, Levandowski was removed from self-driving efforts and moved to another role at the company. Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google’s self-driving technology before he left to build his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber. At issue is whether Uber’s current efforts and progress are due to and built on Google’s achievements. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Uber View THe Guide Waymo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google’s Nik Collection of photo editing tools will no longer be updated Newsby John Callaham9 hours ago 3 114 11 Google looks like it is slowly phasing out the use of its Nik Collection, the desktop PC-based photo editing tools. A new message on the collection’s official website has confirmed that Google now has “no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” There’s no specific reason given for why this decision was made. See also: Best Photo Editor Apps for Android March 10, 2017 Google first acquired the Nik Collection in 2012, as part of the purchase of the Germany-based Nik Software. The seven tools (Analog Efex Pro, Silver Efex Pro, HDR Efex Pro, Dfine, Color Efex Pro, Viveza, and Sharpener Pro) are in fact plug-ins for the Windows and Mac versions of Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, Lightroom, and Aperture. Before Google acquired the Nik Collection, Nik Software sold the plug-ins for $500. Later, Google lowered the price to $149 and in March 2016, the company made the Nik Collection free to download and use. While the Nik Collection is still available to download, the fact that there will be no more updates strongly suggests that Google plans to eventually retire the plug-ins, so if you want to snap them up for your desktop Photoshop use, now might be the time. Google continues to support image editing tools for Android, including the main Google Photos app as well as Snapseed, the latter of which was also originally acquired as part of the purchase of Nik Software. News Google, Nik Collection Google, Nik Collection  Google  Engadget John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Samsung Galaxy S8 International Giveaway! 3 days ago24 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Uber fires ex-Google engineer accused of swiping trade secrets ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Uber fires ex-Google engineer accused of swiping trade secrets By Matthew Rocco Published May 30, 2017 Technology FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber car in driverless mode waits in traffic during a test drive in San Francisco. Uber's self-driving cars will return to California's streets. But the company doesn't plan to pick up passengers ... for now. The California Department of Motor Vehicles said Wednesday, March 8, 2017, it has granted Uber permission to run two Volvo SUVs on public roads. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) (AP) Expand Updated Continue Reading Below Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, an executive at the center of a high-profile legal battle between the ride-hailing company and Google over driverless car technology. Waymo, the self-driving venture of Alphabet’s (GOOGL) Google, filed a lawsuit against Uber claiming it used stolen trade secrets to develop its own autonomous vehicles. Levandowski, who was once a Google engineer, allegedly swiped the documents from his former employer. Uber has denied the accusations in court, although Levandowski recently elected to use his Fifth Amendment rights when the company was ordered by a judge to turn over files. A spokesperson for Uber said it had been urging Levandowski to cooperate with an internal investigation for months, adding that he did not meet a deadline set by the company. Earlier this month, the judge presiding over the case suggested that it warrants a criminal investigation. However, he added that few of the allegedly stolen trade secrets appear in Uber’s self-driving technology. Levandowski is a co-founder of Otto, a San Francisco-based startup focused on developing software for self-driving big-rigs. Uber acquired Otto in 2016, and Levandowski became a vice president of technology at Uber. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT More from FOX Business Uber, Amid Scandals, Releases Financials: Says Growth Outpaces Losses Gas prices may hit 12-year low after busy Memorial Day: GasBuddy Daimler vows to buy more American parts for Alabama plant Waymo believes that Levandowski downloaded 14,000 documents while he still worked at Google, where he was a senior engineer in the tech giant’s fledgling driverless car venture. Waymo, which recently struck a new partnership with Uber rival Lyft, is attempting to show that Uber was aware of Levandowski’s alleged actions. Uber has fought back against those claims. The Uber spokesperson said employees who previously worked for Levandowski will now report to Eric Meyhofer, who took charge of the company’s Advanced Technologies Group in April. What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 73° 73° Low 72° High 88° Wed 73° 88° Thu 73° 86° Fri 74° 86° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google Posted 3:00 PM, May 30, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Uber fires self-driving car exec amid legal battle with Google NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Uber has fired the self-driving car executive at the center of a legal battle with Google over stolen intellectual property. Anthony Levandowski, the exec who oversaw Uber’s self-driving efforts until recently, was terminated after failing to meet a deadline to comply with an internal investigation into the matter, according to an Uber spokesperson. Waymo, Google’s self-driving car company, is suing Uber for allegedly using technology stolen by Levandowski while he was still at Google. Waymo claims Levandowski took 14,000 secret documents from the company. The lawsuit threatens to derail Uber’s self-driving car project, which has been pitched as the future of the ride-hailing juggernaut. Levandowski had stepped aside from leading the company’s self-driving efforts last month as the court battle kicked off. Levandowski’s firing marks a stunning end for the star executive. Uber acquired Otto, an autonomous trucking startup founded by Levandowski, less than two years ago. The deal was reported to have a price tag of $680 million. “I feel like we’re brothers from another mother,” Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said of Levandowski in an interview at the time of the acquisition. Eric Meyhofer, the director of engineering at Uber’s advantaged technologies group, has been leading the self-driving team since Levandowski stepped aside and will continue to do so. The executive shuffle comes as Uber faces PR crises on all fronts. It is dealing with a sexual harassment investigation internally and is the subject of a criminal probe over a tool it built to help drivers dodge law enforcement in certain cities. Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Mary Kay Letourneau and ex-pupil Vili Fualaau to separate after 12 years, report says Couple who paid off $200K debt in 2 years reveal how they did it Two Texas children die in hot car Viral ‘Cash Me Outside’ girl coming to Houston to…perform? Latest News Closing Comments: Violence There’s no sliding past safety measures at Baytown’s “Pirates Bay” Dog bites, kills 3-week-old girl left alone with family pets, police say ‘I went too far’: Kathy Griffin apologizes for beheaded Trump photo Nation/World French automaker to test self-driving cars in Singapore NewsFix Apple gets permit to test self-driving cars in California Nation/World Samsung just got approval to start testing a self-driving car Nation/World Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields with another exec Nation/World Intel buys Israeli self-driving car firm for $15 billion Nation/World Uber’s No. 2 executive quits after 6 months Nation/World NewsFix Ex-Uber engineer who blogged about alleged discrimination lawyers up Technology Goodbye high seas, hello cubicle. Is sailor the next desk job? NewsFix Lyft says round up your fare and donate to charity Technology Tesla just became the most valuable carmaker in America Nation/World Ford cutting 1,400 jobs Texas Gov. Abbott signs bill allowing Uber, Lyft to return to Texas Nation/World These companies are racing to develop a Breathalyzer for pot Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Age Solutions Presents with Google at JCK Las Vegas LAS VEGAS, NV / ACCESSWIRE / May 30, 2017 / Smart Age Solutions, a leading national provider of digital marketing services for the jewelry industry, will be bringing Google to JCK Las Vegas. This will be the first time ever in the show’s history to have the powerhouse combo in attendance. Alongside Smart Age Solutions, the pair will be presenting Google This Way speaking sessions dedicated to discussing industry trends, mobile evolution, and digital marketing, specifically for Jewelers, key strategies used by Smart Age Solutions to grow the brands of over 500 independent jewelry retailers across US and Canada. In addition to the sessions, a Google representative will host one-on-one consultations at Smart Age Solutions’ booth (S11013) on Tuesday, June 6th, and Wednesday, June 7th, providing an extremely exclusive and unique experience for jewelers to directly interact with Google. Smart Age Solutions has earned Google’s highly coveted title of „Google Premier Partner,” becoming the only Premier Partner in the fine jewelry space. Google premier SMB partners must meet Google’s most stringent eligibility and training requirements, including proven expertise and years of experience in delivering high-performing AdWords campaigns and receive the highest level of support, including extensive Google product and account management training and direct access to the latest Google beta technology and products. „I’m extremely honored and blessed to have been selected by Google as one of their Premier Partners. It’s certainly a testament to our mission to always strive for quality and service above all else. Being the only Premier Partner in the jewelry space, it allows us to further tailor and bring success to all our incredible clients,” said Emmanuel Raheb, CEO of Smart Age Solutions. About Smart Age Solutions: Smart Age Solutions is a digital marketing agency servicing the jewelry industry, growing their online audience through social media, pay-per-click advertising, SEO, email marketing and web design and development, retargeting ads, and digital billboards. Smart Age Solutions ensures they are always at the leading edge of new online marketing techniques through their partnership with Google. They have access to the latest Google beta technology and products. For more information about Smart Age Solutions, visit http://www.smartagesolutions.com/. About JCK: JCK is a trusted partner connecting jewelry retailers and manufacturers/suppliers with trends, news, products, education, and partners to build business. Whether attending face-to-face events, building inventory with online and onsite sourcing, or obtaining authoritative news and insights from JCK Magazine – the leading industry publication in print and online – JCK offers a suite of tools and events to deliver sound solutions, innovative opportunities, and essential information. For more information on JCK, visit http://lasvegas.jckonline.com. Media Contact: Tequilla White Phone: 917.902.3015 Email: [email protected] Additional Links: Smart Age Solutions Website SOURCE: Smart Age Solutions CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Superplasticizer Liquid Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Franklin County Visitors Bureau Tourism Partner Penn National Welcomes Leg Up Farms Search Recent Posts Enssolutions Group Announces First Quarter Financial Results United States Anesthesia Video Laryngoscope Market- Medtronic, Truphatek, Pentax-AWS, Verathon, Ambu, Coopdech, IntuBrite Lattice Biologics Ltd (LBLTF: OTCQB) | Lattice Biologics Ltd. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Highlights Lattice Biologics Ltd. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Highlights CardConnect Corp. (CCNWW: OTCQX U.S.) | SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of CardConnect Corp. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.45%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch ‘Euro-dollar parity is dead,’ say analysts Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split Quote References GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 63° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 83F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early followed by mostly cloudy skies and a few showers later at night. Low near 60F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%. Updated: May 31, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close David Paul Morris Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) Google co-founder reportedly building $100 million 'air yacht' By Hamza Shaban Washington Post 11 hrs ago (…) Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) David Paul Morris Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending more than $100 million to build the world's largest airship, a blimp with a rigid structure designed to both deliver supplies abroad for humanitarian projects and ferry Brin's family and friends around the globe, the Guardian newspaper reported. The project is the latest example of Silicon Valley attempting to reshape how goods and people are moved. But some say it also underscores a penchant for tech moguls to color their projects with seemingly virtuous ambition. Some people on social media seized on the vessel's apparent dual purpose. On the one hand, it's a benevolent carrier transporting food to remote, hard-pressed communities, and on the other it's a luxurious "air yacht," as the Guardian report described it, shuttling a billionaire and his inner circle to exotic locations. Google declined to comment. The vessel is reportedly being built at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif. When completed, the airship will become the world's largest aircraft at about 650 feet long, although its payload is not known, according to the Guardian. Plans for the vessel, which is being funded by Brin, were first reported by Bloomberg earlier this year. Experts say that the use of airships could bypass the congestion and costs tied to transporting cargo via roads, railways and airports. But lighter-than-air travel presents its own challenges, like the need to steady the aircraft by offsetting the weight of cargo once it's offloaded. According to the Guardian, Brin's vessel will use a series of internal bladders to stabilize its flight. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives See how St. Louis stocks are faring Brin began his plans to build the vessel about three years ago, according to Bloomberg. His fascination with airships was sparked by visits to the Ames Research Center, next to the headquarters of Google's parent company, Alphabet. Ames once housed the navy airship USS Macon, which spanned about 784 feet and was among the largest aircraft of its time in the 1930s. Silicon Valley's novel charitable efforts have been criticized in the past, perhaps most prominently in the case of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's internet.org initiative, which aims to bring Internet access to the billions of people who don't have it. With altruistic motives but lucrative business prospects, some see Zuckerberg's initiative less as a magnanimous Internet project than as a version of high-tech imperialism. It's unclear whether Brin's airship will be put to commercial use. But Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet and the other co-founder of Google, has also taken a keen interest in innovative aircraft. Page has personally backed two flying-car start-ups, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. Kitty Hawk's flyer, a personal electric aircraft that hovers over water, will be available for purchase later this year. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Sergey Brin, president of Alphabet and co-founder of Google, speaks at the 2016 Global Entrepreneurship Summit at Stanford University in Stanford, California, on June 24, 2016. (David Paul Morris/Bloomberg) David Paul Morris Tags Commerce Sergey Brin Economics Aeronautics Aircraft Transports View (…) comments Most popular Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach Boutique fitness studios breaking a sweat to multiply rapidly Missouri man sues Hershey for 'under-filling' his box of Whoppers Lack of new product launches leaves Ford scrambling to catch up to GM Ranken plans North St. Louis expansion Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Former Missouri Public Counsel named new head of renewable energy organization More St. Louis Payless closures proposed as negotiations continue Mallinckrodt said to be exploring sale of generic drugs business SLU eliminates medical research program, 21 jobs Banks pull stocks away from records as 7-day streak ends Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Shop the Post-Dispatch store to find your personal baseball style. You could be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com and win $50! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.45%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Quote References GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Uber fires ex-Google engineer at center of self-driving lawsuit with Alphabet's Waymo Anthony Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google's self-driving technology before he left  He built his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber Engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 15:40 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 16:21 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 1 View comments Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the ex-Google engineer at the centre of a major self driving lawsuit.  Uber announced the firing of its vice president of technology in an internal email to employees today, and has maintained that its self-driving technology did not copy Google's earlier work. It wanted Levandowski to cooperate in order to help with the case, but the engineer cited his Fifth Amendment rights to avoid possible incrimination. Scroll down for video  High-profile: Levandowski, a 'swaggering' six-foot-seven tech leader, is one of Silicon Valley's most significant figures in the development of self-driving cars WHAT IS LiDAR?  In lidar — or light detection and ranging — scanning, one or more lasers sends out short pulses, which bounce back when they hit an obstacle, whether clouds, leaves or rocks.  In self-driving cars, the sensors constantly scan the surrounding areas looking for information and acting as the 'eyes' of the car. Levandowski, who stepped aside from some of his duties last month, will exit with immediate effect. Uber last month named Eric Meyhofer to replace Levandowski as head of its Advanced Technologies Group. Meyhofer will continue to lead the team, an Uber spokeswoman said. 'Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,' Angela Padilla, Uber's associate general counsel for employment and litigation, wrote in an email to employees, according to the New York Times.  'Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.'  Levandowski is accused of stealing information from 14,000 pages worth of documents related to Google's self-driving technology before he left to build his own start-up, which was later purchased by Uber.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Meet the Laundroid: $16,000 laundry folding robot can... How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their... Waving goodbye: Cassini sends stunning image of ripples in... Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking... Share this article Share At issue is whether Uber's current efforts and progress are due to and built on Google's achievements. Ealier this month a federal judge ordered Uber to stop using technology that a key executive downloaded before he left Waymo, the Alphabet Inc. autonomous car arm that was spun off from Google. The order filed in a trade secrets theft lawsuit also forcesUber to return all downloaded materials. Judge William Alsup in San Francisco said in the ruling that Waymo has shown compelling evidence that a former star engineer named Anthony Levandowski downloaded confidential files before leaving Waymo. And, Judge Alsup says Levandowski must remain quarantined from Uber's work on lidar until the lawsuit is resolved,Bloomberg reported.  Anthony Levandowski is a fiercely talented and driven man who Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick (left) has likened to his brother from another mother - but now he is accused of stealing Google's self-driving car secrets before he left to work for Uber The Judge also says evidence shows that before he left Waymo, Levandowski and Uber planned for Uber to acquire a company formed by Levandowski. The ruling prevents Uber from using the technology on a navigational tool called Lidar that robotic cars need to see what's around them. The ruling from U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco, made public on Monday, said Uber 'likely knew' or should have known that the engineer, who now works at Uber, took Waymo materials while Uber was contemplating buying the engineer's company.  However, the judge also said few of Waymo's alleged trade secrets have been traced to Uber's self-driving car technology, and that Waymo's patent claims against Uber have proved 'meritless.'   The case is being heard by Judge Alsup, who says in the ruling that Waymo has shown compelling evidence that Levandowski downloaded confidential files before leaving As of now, Uber has not been issued an order to halt its program altogether as the court battle wages on. But, Waymo was granted a bid for 'expedited discovery,' with the trial now set for October, according to Bloomberg. According to Bloomberg, both companies hailed the ruling a success, as Waymo claimed the expedited trial would 'hold Uber fully responsible for its misconduct,' and Uber said Judge Alsup's decision would allow it to 'continue building and utilizing all of its self-driving technology.' Uber also said the trial will 'demonstrate that our technology has been built independently.' But, the ruling by District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco Monday was mainly a victory for Waymo, the autonomous car unit spun off from Google, even though the judge refused to order a halt to Uber's autonomous car research as Waymo had requested, the experts said. Waymo showed 'compelling evidence' that a former Waymo engineer named Anthony Levandowski downloaded thousands of confidential files before leaving the company, the order said. Levandowski set up his own firms, which then were sold to Uber for $680 million. Evidence showed that Levandowski and Uber planned the acquisitions before Levandowski left Waymo, Alsup's order said. 'He clearly believes that Levandowski is guilty as sin and that Uber hired him, knowing this full well,' said John Coffee, a Columbia University law professor who specializes in white-collar crime and corporate governance. 'He is ruling that some of this information is stolen (or 'misappropriated') and in the long run that will likely have a devastating impact on Uber.' Waymo is seeking an unspecified amount of damages and a court order preventing Uber from using its proprietary information - bringing its self driving project to  a halt. Waymo sued Uber in February alleging that the ride-hailing company is using stolen self-driving technology to build its own autonomous cars. Monday's ruling prevents Uber from using the technology on a laser navigational tool called Lidar that robotic cars use to see what's around them. 'The bottom line is the evidence indicates that Uber hired Levandowski even though it knew or should have known that he possessed over 14,000 confidential Waymo files,' Alsup wrote. 'At least some information from those files, if not the files themselves, has seeped into Uber's own Lidar development efforts.' Uber was ordered to return all downloaded materials to Waymo by noon on May 31.  In an earlier hearing, Alsup expressed skepticism over whether Uber actually used any Waymo trade secrets. 'I've given you lots of discovery, and so far you don't have any smoking gun' showing that Uber knew Levandowski possessed any Waymo trade secrets, Alsup said. Waymo attorney Charles Verhoeven said the company suspects such evidence exists.  Levandowski declined to answer questions during a deposition, citing his constitutional rights against self incrimination. Verhoeven also said Uber was improperly withholding thousands of documents on the grounds that they are confidential legal documents. The judge did not make a ruling from the bench during the May 3rd hearing. The hearing is the latest phase in a courtroom battle over trade secrets that threatens to topple a central pillar of Uber's growth strategy. Autonomous cars promise to change the economics of the ride-hailing business. Among Uber's biggest expenses is the cost of attracting drivers, who have a high turnover rate.  And Uber's ability to expand into suburban and rural markets, and areas with low vehicle ownership, and continue to offer a ride within three minutes, largely hinges on the availability of a network of self-driving vehicles. Read more: Uber Engineer Ordered to Stay Off Any Lidar Work in Waymo Fight - Bloomberg www.nytimes.com/... Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos CCTV footage of police chasing suspected killers in South Africa Moment man tries to run from paedophile hunters caught on film Hikers film friend's last moments before being swept away Kathy Griffin 'beheads' Trump for photo session with Tyler Shields Tiger Woods arrested and charged with a DUI in Florida at 3am Zoo in Cambridgeshire evacuated after 'very serious incident' Jeremy Kyle guest threatens him: 'I'll squash your nose' Got the hump! Randy camels mate in front of bemused drivers Mum desperately reverses to escape masked carjackers Take a look inside Hamerton Zoo Park in Cambridgeshire 'Are you a moron?': Mum rebukes reckless driver that crashed Kathy Griffin issues an apology for offensive Trump picture 'What's the biggest whale you've harpooned?' Man live... Student, 21, is found 'raped, stabbed and strangled to... 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a... Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who... Woman, 19, is sentenced to death by stoning for adultery... Speed hump! Two camels cause a massive traffic jam in the... Mystery as two North Koreans are found dead in the same... Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the... Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR... Dramatic moment man, 38, who travelled 100 miles to 'meet... 'My wife is in ill health and we simply want to spend our... Commuter chaos as man throws himself in the path of a... Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes... Energy companies DENY a 'power surge' was behind BA's IT... The tragic moment a teenage hiker jumped into a raging... Toddler sits perfectly still while tattoo artist dad... Schoolboy, 12, who hated getting into trouble hanged... Shocking moment brave mother, 40, REVERSES her vehicle... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display The prehistoric creatures in the deep sea: Hawaii submersible expedition lets scientists study 'living... How a fungal infection can make wine smell BETTER: Study finds 'bunch rot' in grapes can enhance certain... What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party... Has the 'alien megastructure' mystery been solved? Astronomers say rings and asteroids could explain strange... Why wandering can be SAFER: People walking to work or an errand are more likely to stroll into dangerous... The mysterious new phase of matter that could show how glass behaves (and it only took researchers 30 PAGES... Did Enceladus TIP OVER? Cassini images reveal Saturn's moon might have been kocked over by an asteroid... Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled... Need a hand with that? Bizarre strap on bot can give you an extra pair of arms From a chess playing robot with 'supervision' to a backpack that lets you experience VR anywhere: Taiwan's... MORE HEADLINES Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display How many dots do YOU see? Scientists reveal how our brains prefer their own invented visual images to reality The surprising ancestry of ancient Egyptians: First ever genome study of mummies reveals they were more Turkish and European than African The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple That really IS a Grand Canyon: NASA releases stunning image of the famous landmark snapped from space Do YOU have superpower genes? Experts reveal three genetic mutations that can give you extraordinary abilities Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Is this the Galaxy Note 8? Leaked video claims to show the follow up to the explosion prone Samsung smartphone Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled in by an 'event horizon' Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like if it were built today How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their lifetime to become immigrants in distant empires The app that lets you 'talk' to a loved one after they die by creating a realistic avatar of them using a single selfie The incredible moment an octopus outsmarts a crab fisherman and steals his catch MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Record-breaking new 'SkyGuardian' Predator drone can stay in the air for over 48 hours 1 comment Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:58 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Malware: Apps In Google Play Store Spread 'Judy' Adware Attack To Nearly 40 Million Phones By AJ Dellinger On 05/30/17 AT 3:38 PM Close Security researchers have discovered a widespread malware campaign that has infected nearly 40 million Android devices through downloaded compromised apps from the official Google Play Store. The attack — named Judy after a cartoon character featured in many of the malicious apps — uses auto-clicking adware housed in 41 apps, primarily from a Korean mobile developer to generate revenue for its creators. Read: Android Malware: Cloak And Dagger Attack Can Secretly Record User Activity First discovered by security researchers at Check Point, Judy already has infected upward of 36.5 million users who downloaded seemingly trustworthy apps and games from the Google Play Store. The apps themselves were seemingly innocuous, but once installed on a device, would begin to communicate with a remote command-and-control server that would send a malicious payload. That payload would direct the app to visit specific websites owned by the creator of the malware. Using a Javascript code sent from the remote server, the malware would locate and click on advertisements on the webpage, which would generate revenue for the malware author. It’s unclear just how much money the malicious actors were able to generate using the scheme, but it’s believed the income was likely significant given how widespread the Judy malware was. Read: FalseGuide Android Malware: More Than 600,000 Phones Turned Into Money-Generating Botnet The attack bears resemblance to the FalseGuide attack that hit more than a half-million Android users earlier this year. Using apps disguised as guides for popular games, attackers delivered malicious payloads through a command-and-control server that turned Android devices into a botnet. Some of the infected apps containing the Judy malware were on the Google Play Store for several years, including several that have received recent updates. Many came from a Korean firm named Kiniwini and were attributed in the Google Play Store to Enistudio Corp. The apps from the Korean company were targeted toward younger users and feature a character named Judy, who starred in a number of the apps and games that had her performing tasks from cooking to taking care of pets. Another batch of apps from an apparently unrelated developer uses the same malicious code but hasn’t been updated since April 2016, which suggests the attack went unnoticed right under Google’s nose for more than a year. The apps have since been removed from the Google Play Store after Check Point alerted Google of their presence but the attack shows how vulnerable Android devices remain to attacks even when users don’t venture outside Google’s walls. Kiniwini, the maker of many of the infected apps, acknowledged their titles had been removed from the Google Play Store in a statement on its website. “Recently, our game apps have been blocked on Google Play and the service has been stopped. Sorry for the inconvenience,” a translated version of the statement read. The company notes users who already have the games installed can continue to play, and new titles featuring the character Judy will be released later this year. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Newly Discovered Android Exploit Cloak And Dagger Lets Hackers Hide Malicious Activity Russian Hackers Used Android Malware To Steal From Bank Customers Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Vili Fualaau Files For Separation From Wife Mary Kay Letourneau Vili Fualaau's has decided to separate from his wife and former teacher, Mary Kay Letourneau, with whom he had a sexual affair when he was 12 years old. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Uber fires engineer at center of Waymo suit for failing to cooperate with investigation By Caitlin Huston Published: May 30, 2017 3:37 p.m. ET Share Waymo has claimed Anthony Levandowski stole trade secrets AFP/Getty Images Anthony Levandowski, former head of Uber’s self-driving car unit. By CaitlinHuston Reporter Uber Technologies Inc. has fired Anthony Levandowski, the engineer at the center of the company’s legal battle with Google’s self-driving car unit Waymo, the company confirmed Tuesday. The firing came after Levandowski failed to comply with Uber’s internal investigation into allegations Waymo had levied against the company, an Uber spokesperson said. Waymo’s lawsuit alleges that Levandowski stole proprietary information from Google GOOG, +0.45%   on self-driving cars, which he later took with him to Uber. Earlier this month, U.S. District Judge William Alsup found “striking evidence” that suggested Waymo’s technology had made its way into Uber’s self-driving car designs. The judge ordered that Levandowski step down from leading Uber’s self-driving car efforts -- though Uber confirmed that he has not led the team since April -- and was barred from doing any related work. The case is now on track for a public trial, which could begin in October. Eric Meyhofer, who has led the self-driving car team in the interim will continue in that role and take over Levandowski’s direct reports, an Uber spokesperson said. Uber asked Levandowski to work with it on the investigation for months but he did not meet a deadline set by the company, the spokesperson said. Levandowski worked on Google’s self-driving cars until he quit Waymo in 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup. Uber acquired Otto a few months later. More from MarketWatch This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland Quote References GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. MarketWatch Partner Center Caitlin Huston Caitlin Huston is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. She covers startups and small business. You can follow her on Twitter @hustonca. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
Skip to main content About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate About Who We Are Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Deeplinks Press Releases Events Legal Cases EFF in the News Whitepapers Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger HTTPS Everywhere Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Panopticlick Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search DEEPLINKS BLOG Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link EFF Asks the Federal Circuit to Fix its Terrible API Copyright Decision By Michael Barclay and Mitch Stoltz May 30, 2017 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link EFF, joined by Public Knowledge, filed an amicus brief today asking the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to revisit one of its worst decisions ever. Three years ago this month, in Oracle v. Google, the Federal Circuit held that the Java Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) could be copyrighted. APIs are, generally speaking, specifications that allow computer programs to communicate with each other and with human users, and are different than the code that implements a program. The Federal Circuit’s decision was every bit as bad as some of its oft-criticized patent law decisions. Treating APIs as copyrightable has a profound negative impact on interoperability and innovation. And it goes against decades of tradition and common practice in the software world. Fortunately for technologists and innovation, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued a significant ruling that undermines the Federal Circuit’s decision about whether processes and methods of operation like APIs can be copyrighted. In a case about Bikram yoga poses, the Ninth Circuit applied a section of the Copyright Act that forbids copyright protection of ideas, processes, systems, and similar concepts. The court said that a “sequence” of 26 yoga poses and two breathing exercises, performed in a particular order, was not subject to copyright protection. If a system of yoga poses isn’t copyrightable, then a system of APIs for operating a computer program definitely isn’t. In reviewing Oracle v. Google, the Federal Circuit was supposed to apply the laws of the place where the case was tried: California, which is in the Ninth Circuit. But it didn’t—the court disregarded both Ninth Circuit copyright law holding that APIs aren’t copyrightable, as well as law from other circuits. This is wrong and, if not corrected, will have devastating consequences for innovation. The freedom to reimplement and extend existing APIs has been crucial to competition and progress in both hardware and software. Simply put, excluding APIs from copyright has been essential to the development of modern computers and the Internet. EFF isn’t alone in sounding the alarm about the Federal Circuit’s decision. Other commentators have harshly criticized the Federal Circuit’s decision for its misunderstanding of both computer science and copyright law. It’s confounding how the case got to this point in the first place. The Federal Circuit usually doesn’t hear copyright appeals. However, it heard Oracle v. Google because of a quirk in federal appellate procedure rules. Oracle had originally sued Google for both patent infringement and copyright infringement, but a jury found the patents were not infringed and the trial judge ruled that the APIs were not copyrightable.  Even though Oracle didn’t appeal its trial court loss on its patents, its appeal of the copyright ruling went to the Federal Circuit, which hears all patent appeals. After the Federal Circuit reversed the trial judge, Oracle v. Google returned to the district court last year for a trial on Google’s fair use defense. The jury unanimously found that Google’s use of the Java APIs was a lawful fair use. Oracle again appealed to the Federal Circuit. EFF’s amicus brief (filed along with Public Knowledge) asks the court to reject Oracle’s latest appeal. EFF first asks the court to revisit its previous 2014 decision in view of the 2015 Ninth Circuit opinion, and hold that the Java APIs aren’t copyrightable. This will fix at least some of the harms caused by the Federal Circuit’s opinion. And if the court isn’t willing to reverse its earlier decision, we also explain why the jury’s fair use verdict was proper. Fair use should permit copying of functional computer elements and their expression for purposes of efficiency, compatibility, or industry demands. It’s no understatement to say that much hangs on the Federal Circuit’s decision to follow the rules and apply Ninth Circuit law, and uphold the fair use ruling. Innovation, healthy competition and, ultimately, more and better technology choices for users all hang in the balance. Creativity & Innovation Coders' Rights Project Fair Use Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Copy link Related Updates Deeplinks Blog by Kit Walsh | May 30, 2017 Supreme Court Victory for the Right to Tinker in Printer Cartridge Case The Supreme Court struck a blow today [ PDF ] for your right to own the things you buy, reversing a lower court decision that had given patent owners the power to sue customers who paid in full for a patented item but then used it in a way... Deeplinks Blog by Michael Barclay | May 30, 2017 EFF Asks the Federal Circuit to Fix its Terrible API Copyright Decision EFF, joined by Public Knowledge, filed an amicus brief today asking the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to revisit one of its worst decisions ever . Three years ago this month, in Oracle v. Google , the Federal Circuit held that the... Deeplinks Blog by Kate Tummarello | May 26, 2017 A Bad Broadband Market Begs for Net Neutrality Protections Anyone who has spent hours on the phone with their cable company can tell you that in the broadband market, the customer is not always right. When it comes to Internet access wired into your home, the major ISPs like Comcast, Charter, and Verizon don’t have to play nice because... Deeplinks Blog by Elliot Harmon | May 24, 2017 Diego Gomez Finally Cleared of Criminal Charges for Sharing Research In 2011, Colombian graduate student Diego Gomez shared another student’s Master’s thesis with colleagues over the Internet. After a long legal battle, Diego was able to breathe a sigh of relief today as he was cleared of the criminal charges that he faced for this harmless act of... Deeplinks Blog by Kerry Sheehan | May 24, 2017 Book Review: The End of Ownership In the digital age, a lot depends on whether we actually own our stuff, and who gets to decide that in the first place. In The End of Ownership: Personal Property in the Digital Age , Aaron Perzanowski and Jason Schultz walk us through a detailed and... Deeplinks Blog by Vera Ranieri | May 24, 2017 No Evidence that "Stronger" Patents Will Mean More Innovation Push to once again allow abstract patents is misguided Right now, the patent lobby—in the form of the Intellectual Property Owners Association and the American Intellectual Property Law Association —is demanding “stronger” patent laws. They want to undo Alice v. CLS Bank and... Deeplinks Blog by Jeremy Malcolm | May 15, 2017 Secret New European Copyright Proposal Spells Disaster for Free Culture EFF has learned about a new proposal for European law that takes aim at online streaming services, but which will strike a serious blow to creators and their fans. The proposal, which would effectively ban online streaming services from hosting works under free licenses, could spell an end to services... EFF in the News Appeals Court Won’t Help Megaupload User to Get His Files Back EFF Senior Staff Attorney Mitch Stoltz informs TorrentFreak that they will continue their efforts to return the data to the rightful owners. “We’re disappointed that the appeals court refused to step in to get this case moving. Kyle Goodwin and many others have been waiting five years to get their... Deeplinks Blog by rainey Reitman | May 8, 2017 Launching DearFCC: The Best Way to Submit Comments to the FCC about Net Neutrality John Oliver wants you to contact the FCC about net neutrality . Our new tool makes it easy to contact the FCC and helps you craft unique comments with just a few clicks. FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has made a dangerous proposal to destroy... Deeplinks Blog by Vera Ranieri | May 2, 2017 Congress Should Leave Alice Alone Overturning the Supreme Court Decision Would Allow Abstract Patents to Hurt innovation One of the most important cases to cut back on the availability of vague, abstract patents was the 2014 decision Alice v. CLS Bank . In Alice , the U.S. Supreme Court reaffirmed the... Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Follow EFF: twitter facebook google plus youtube flicker rss Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Events Press Releases Whitepapers Press Press Contact Press Materials Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 30, 2017 3:22 p.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +0.04% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +0.64%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +0.09%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.45%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% MSFT +0.45 +0.64% AMZN +0.92 +0.09% GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.26% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.02% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 4.01% 15 yr fixed refi 3.06% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.22% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.8% 1 yr CD 0.65% MMA $10K+ 0.29% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.33% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $70.41 +0.45 (+0.64%) Volume 16.6M Open $69.79 High $70.41 Low $69.77 P/E Ratio 31.15 Div Yield 2.22 Market Cap 540.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $996.70 +0.92 (+0.09%) Volume 3.1M Open $996.51 High $1,001 Low $995.52 P/E Ratio 187.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.0B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Uber just fired the ex-Googler accused of Waymo autonomous tech theft Chris Davies - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Uber has fired Anthony Levandowski, the controversial vice president of technology who had until recently been leading the ride-sharing firm’s autonomous car business. Levandowski was one of Uber‘s highest-profile talent grabs, joining the company after it acquired his startup, Otto, in July 2016. That prompted a lawsuit from Alphabet’s self-driving car company Waymo, accusing the engineer of stealing tech secrets. Levandowski had been part of the Alphabet team when it was still a Google division, part of the Google X portfolio of so-called “moonshot” projects. According to Waymo’s version of events, the engineer decided to leave and set up his own business. Before doing so, he allegedly copied a vast cache of technical documentation from Google’s servers, using his company-provided laptop. That cache, Waymo says, gave Uber an illegitimate advantage as it works on its own self-driving project. Indeed, it accused Levandowski of approaching Uber with regards a potential deal even before he’d left Alphabet’s employ. Unsurprisingly, Uber has denied the charges, even as Waymo presses the legal system to slam the brakes on its rivals research. In April 2017, Uber and Levandowski took the decision to move the VP off the autonomous car project altogether while the case was ongoing. No longer the head of the Advanced Technologies Group, he was replaced by Eric Mayhofer. In addition, in a message to Uber employees, Levandowski made clear that they shouldn’t try to discuss anything related to the self-driving work Uber is doing, or LIDAR technology. That was followed by the engineer himself going silent. At the apparent advice of his lawyers, he opted to asset Fifth Amendment rights under questioning. It appears to be an attempt to avoid criminal charges that might result from admitting that he did, indeed, steal the Google files. Uber then joined the ranks of those pressuring Levandowski, with the warning earlier this month that, if he didn’t comply with the court’s requests, he faced termination. That ominous threat has come true today, with the New York Times reporting that Levandowski has indeed been fired. “Over the last few months Uber has provided significant evidence to the court to demonstrate that our self-driving technology has been built independently,” Angela Padilla, Uber’s associate general counsel for employment and litigation, confirmed in an internal email seen by the paper. “Over that same period, Uber has urged Anthony to fully cooperate in helping the court get to the facts and ultimately helping to prove our case.” The company is yet to make a public statement, and Levandowski himself has not commented on the reports. Update: Buzzfeed has acquired a copy of the termination letter Uber sent to Levandowski. In it, Sally Yoo, Uber’s general counsel, notifies the engineer that there are several grounds for termination, though if he corrects all four by June 15, 2017, he can keep his job: “This letter notifies you that your employment with Uber Technologies, Inc. and Ottomotto LLC (collectively, “Uber”) is hereby terminated for Cause, subject to your contractual right to cure the deficiencies addressed in this letter within the next 20 days. First you have not complied with the requests set forth in Uber’s letter to you dated May 15, 2017 (the “Letter’). That letter requested your full cooperation in complying with the Order issued on May 11, 2017, by the United States District Court Judge in the above referenced case (the “Order”). As of today, you have not complied with these requirements. The Letter expressly states that your failure to comply with the Letter’s requirements would result in adverse employment action, including the possible termination of your employment act Uber. The Letter also constituted a written directive from Uber. Your Notice of Restricted Stock Award with Uber (“Stock Award”) expressly states that your failure to comply with written directives from Uber constitutes one of several grounds for a “for Cause” termination of your employment. Thus, your failure to comply with the Letter’s requirements is a ground for termination for Cause. Second, you did not comply with the prior written directive to cooperate with Uber’s investigation sent to you on April 20, 2017, by Angela Padilla (the contents of which are privileged). Your failure impeded Uber’s internal investigation and defense of the lawsuit referenced above and constitutes a ground for termination for Cause. Further, in your Employment Agreement, you represented and warranted that “you have returned or destroyed all property and confidential information blowing to any prior employer.” Your failure to comply with the Letter gives Uber grounds to allege a breach of the representation and warranty in your employment agreement, and constitutes an addition ground for termination with Cause. Under the Stock Award and other agreements, you are entitled to 20 days to cure the events that give rise to this termination for Cause. This letter constitutes the “prior written notice” triggering the commencement of that 20-day period. Accordingly, consistent with our agreements with you, your employment is hereby terminated for Cause, and that termination shall become effective 20 days from today (i.e. June 15, 2017), unless prior to that date you (a) cure your failure to comply with the requirements set forth in the Letter, (b) cure your failure to comply wit the requirements set forth in Ms. Padilla’s April 20, 2017 email, (c) confirm that you will fully comply with all aspects of Uber’s investigation into the facts alleged in the above-referenced lawsuit, and (d) cure your breach of the representation and warranty in ¶ 1(c) of your Employment Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Uber retains the sole right to determine whether you are in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Letter and in your agreements with Uber.” Story Timeline Alphabet’s Waymo sues Uber, Otto for stealing trade secrets, IP Uber denies Waymo self-driving tech theft Uber's testing with autonomous cars has been a little bumpy Waymo says Uber made "cover up scheme" to steal self-driving car tech Uber vs Waymo sent to DOJ for possible criminal case Tags autonomousCarsgooglelegalself drivinguberWaymo Must Read Bits & Bytes Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on 6 Essential Phone details that make Andy Rubin’s device unique Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone breaks all the rules Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist Latest Headlines Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on May 31, 2017 5 big things Andy Rubin just told us about the Essential Phone May 30, 2017 Linux-based AGL OS to debut in 2018 Toyota Camry May 30, 2017 ASUS ROG Zephyrus aims for world’s thinnest gaming laptop crown May 30, 2017 BlackBerry KEYone US avaiability: here’s what you need to know May 30, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Beetle Dune Convertible Review May 29, 2017 Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 30, 2017 3:22 p.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +0.04% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +0.64%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +0.09%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.45%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break loose’ in the stock market This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% MSFT +0.45 +0.64% AMZN +0.92 +0.09% GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.26% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.02% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 4.01% 15 yr fixed refi 3.06% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.22% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.8% 1 yr CD 0.65% MMA $10K+ 0.29% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.33% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $70.41 +0.45 (+0.64%) Volume 16.6M Open $69.79 High $70.41 Low $69.77 P/E Ratio 31.15 Div Yield 2.22 Market Cap 540.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $996.70 +0.92 (+0.09%) Volume 3.1M Open $996.51 High $1,001 Low $995.52 P/E Ratio 187.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.0B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
Sections Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Home Submit Follow Us Follow Ads Marketing Content Social Sales Analytics Mgmt More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE MarTech Today Broad support IAB Tech Lab debuts ads.txt project to weed out fake ad sellers Free plug-in Distil launches free bot detection plug-in for Google Analytics Events Attend the MarTech conference Advertising Marketing Content Social Commerce Sales Analytics Management Events Home Martech: Advertising Stay marketing-savvy and tech-savvy. Get the latest in martech by subscribing to MarTech Today. Stop calling ‘ad tech’ advertising Advertisers are investing heavily in ad tech, but contributor Daniel Meehan points out that even highly targeted advertising using the latest algorithms and audience data won't accomplish anything if the advertising format, message and creative are not engaging. Daniel Meehan on May 26, 2017 at 10:30 am More Plain and simple: advertising technology is not advertising. It may contain the root word “ad,” but the realities of the current ad tech world could not be further from its impetus. There is no thoughtful creative, no careful planning and targeting involved. Brands are offloading their advertising — especially on mobile — to algorithms and then calling it a day. This lazy approach has recently come into the spotlight as brands raise alarm bells about where content has appeared by way of Google and Facebook’s ad tech ecosystems. Countless large brands have pulled out of these streams entirely, forcing Google most of all to reevaluate how it does business with regard to ads and brand safety. The issue isn’t only specific to digital media, either, as evidenced by the plummeting advertising that appeared within “The O’Reilly Factor” based on Mr. O’Reilly’s alleged behavior prior to his dismissal. Turns out, context does matter to advertisers. Quite a lot, actually. Who knew? Well, everyone did — or at least, they should have. Advertisers have been sold down the river, and they’ve lost their focus on delighting the consumer with the creative they deliver. Ad tech promised clicks and eyeballs — those imperative measurables for any advertising budget — but never expanded on the solution it was providing. Now we live with an ad tech market that has very little to do with advertising. It was really just the technology underneath. Every brand wants their messages delivered to mobile consumers, despite lacking the expertise. Ad tech doesn’t have that expertise either, though. The innovation in the space has been focused on the underlying nuts and bolts: algorithms, connecting buy-side and supply-side, data management, and of course, hitting those coveted metrics by any means necessary. The creative — the most important part of an effective ad — was hung out to dry in the name of a nebulous concept of “technology.” Even highly targeted advertising, using the latest algorithms and audience data, won’t accomplish anything if the advertising format, message and creative are not engaging. The backlash against the ad tech model is long overdue. Brand advertisers were always pretty keen on both the creative and the context in which their message was seen. Ad tech made it so that they weren’t interested in either anymore. Advertisers traded that focus on creative and context for collecting customer data. Wouldn’t more customer data mean the resulting ads are more informed, not less? This dynamic makes absolutely no sense, given the goals of paid advertising (delivering a message completely owned and controlled by the advertiser). Last month, Harvard’s Doc Searls dug into what on earth brands are doing — and have been doing for years. He’s just as confused by this shift of advertisers effectively offloading their jobs to algorithms. He also calls for an end to ad tech, in favor of a return to “traditional” advertising approaches. The state of ad tech’s been killing media, too. And Searls wants to save it before we venture too far. The New York Times agrees — and they obviously have their own interest here as a media entity, too. Google/YouTube’s solution to the ad tech issue is just restriction, which is (also) not an advertising policy. It’s hurting publishers large and small from being able to create content free from interference by the underlying technology — not the brands advertising! It’s also giving rise to ad-blocking software. Which again, harms brands and makes those ad tech investments even more of a useless spend. Ideally, we’d start from scratch to repair this broken system. Go back to smart creative and strategic buys, and tell the large ecosystem players (Google, Facebook) to get lost unless they start selling themselves as what they are: underlying algorithms TO the creative. Middlemen can still exist to help plan, create and sell in programmatic campaigns. In this scenario, they provide clear value to delivering messages to the consumers in a more honest and beneficial way for all parties. Of course, not all ad tech is bad. In fact, ad tech is quite good. But the point here should be clear: creative, emotionally-connecting advertising (in mobile, at least) is losing to ad tech, and that needs to stop. Good mobile advertising needs good mobile technology, for sure. But it also demands innovative mobile creative. It all starts with untethering advertising from ad tech. The last month or so was step one. Now we wait and see if these brands have learned enough from the placement debacle to take matters into their own hands and start providing valuable ads again. That technology and the expertise exist to do so. Advertisers simply need to demand it. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily MarTech Today. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Daniel Meehan Daniel Meehan is the CEO and founder of PadSquad, a creative-first mobile advertising stack with a focus on user-controlled, in-line mobile ad formats that foster polite engagement with consumers across a premium publisher marketplace. Popular Stories For emerging ad exchange NYIAX, it’s back to the future Martech vendor investment forecast: Sunny with just a few ‘clouds’ 3 ways to ensure your marketing technology stacks up Stop calling ‘ad tech’ advertising Related Topics Channel: Martech: AdvertisingDisplay Advertising & MartechMartech Column Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook and Twitter. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The Essential Phone is the Android founder's new baby CNET Alfred Ng 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The worst states for retirement 25 massive companies that are still family owned © Provided by CNET Here is the Essential Phone. Creating Android wasn't enough for Andy Rubin. He needed the right phone to go with it. Popular Searches Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▲ 2,000.00 +200.00 +11.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 996.70 +0.92 +0.09% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 153.67 +0.06 +0.04% CBS Corp CBS ▼ 61.52 -0.05 -0.08% That's why, on Tuesday, he brought us the Essential Phone. It's a high-end Android device that could keep alive the hopes for modular phones -- an idea that failed to take off with Google's Project Ara and has yet to really click into high gear with various Motorola projects. It could also help Rubin become a force in hardware the same way he swept across the world of mobile software. Around the globe, more than 2 billion devices run on Android. The specs Starting at $699, the Essential Phone boasts 4GB of RAM with 128GB of storage and a Snapdragon 835 chip. The 5.71'-inch display spreads across the entire screen, even seeping into where the front facing camera is placed, with a 2,560x1,312-pixel resolution. Both its front and back cameras can shoot in 4K video, with a 13-megapixel dual camera on the rear and an 8-megapixel camera on the screen. The Essential Phone also comes with Bluetooth 5.0, and there's no headphone jack. It will be able to run on all major carriers. Its most prominent feature might be the magnetic connector on the back of the phone, near the camera. The connector allows for modular attachments to the Essential Phone, using wireless data transfers on the port. All accessories will be able to snap magnetically onto the phone, according to Essential. The company showed off this feature with a snap-on 360-degree camera that works with the magnetic connector. The add-on comes for an additional $50, with dual 12-megapixel fish-eye lens. Essential also released a phone dock that takes advantage of the magnetic connector, allowing the device to charge wirelessly. Load Error The Essential Phone comes with a titanium build, which the company said makes it more durable than the majority of high-end phones. It will come in black, gray, white and blue, without any logos showing. "Unlike aluminum, which is what most phones are made of, titanium doesn't scratch, dent, or bend," the company wrote. "That's why you won't find an area for phone cases on our site." Samsung's and Apple's phones are made from aluminum, if you needed the context behind the shade Essential's throwing there. Home coming Essential isn't just launching with a phone. Rubin is also releasing a home assistant, a field where Amazon and Google have been doing battle. While both companies have made their voice assistant programs open-sourced, leading to many clones, Essential is moving with its own Ambient operating system. The Essential home assistant is a small circle with a screen, that can be activated by voice, touch or look, the company said. It will be able to play music, set timers, answer questions and control your smart home -- most features a voice assistant already offers, but with the additional touch screen. When and why The Essential Phone will be the first to launch, and only in the US, for now. It is expected to release in the next few months, but a specific launch date has not been set. There's no details on when the Home will be available. Rubin had been teasing Essential's launch for the last five days, with a photo hiding the phone tweeted on May 25. On Tuesday, he explained that he disliked the lack of choices in technology's current state, unnecessary features and products that didn't work with each other. Don't worry, he takes the blame for that, too. "Just when I was about drop another criticism it hit me: I am partly responsible for all of this," Rubin wrote. "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives." Rubin said he was frustrated with current technology, and vowed to create a simple phone that wouldn't have forced bloatware, become outdated or live in a closed ecosystem. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Holiday Gift Guide CNET Snap makes a Spectacle of itself CNET Netflix finally lets you download to binge offline CNET CNET View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Investors Go All-In on Tech Giants by Dani Burger @daniburgr More stories by Dani Burger May 30, 2017, 12:16 PM EDT Funds are most overweight in tech stocks on record: BofA Google and Amazon shares close in on $1000 as valuations climb Can Amazon’s Winning Sales Streak Be Stopped? Investment managers are doubling down on the hottest stocks of 2017 -- and it’s paying off. Funds tracked by Bank of America Corp. own the highest percentage of technology stocks on record compared to their benchmark. It’s a sector that’s carried U.S. stocks to new highs, leading the S&P 500 Index with a nearly 20 percent gain in 2017. And it’s giving active managers a boost they haven’t seen in more than two years. Of course, not all technology stocks are created equal. The returns in tech are top-heavy, dominated by Facebook Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Netflix Inc. and Google’s parent Alphabet Inc., also known as the FANG stocks, as well as Apple Inc. Those five companies alone account for more than a quarter of the S&P 500’s advance this year. Rarely ones to shun the herd, active funds are now 71 percent overweight in the FANG companies after making the biggest move from value to growth since 2008, according to Bank of America. “The tech stocks obviously continue to be the key group to keep an eye on,” Matt Maley, a strategist at Miller Tabak & Co., wrote in a note to clients Tuesday. “They are over-bought on a near-term and intermediate-term (and even long-term) basis, but that has been true every day for the past few weeks.”  The move toward growth and momentum stocks further cements active managers’ distrust in the value trade. Value had a record stretch last year that was predicated on economic expansion, the anticipation of pro-growth policies and a predicted pick up in inflation. But as those shares -- and expectations -- stalled, active managers are finding it hard to fight the crowd. So far, the shift to growth and momentum from value appears to be behind an improving hit rate for active funds. The percent able to beat their benchmark this year stands at its highest since February 2015, Bank of America data show. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The tech-powered rally has catapulted the sector to a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.4, or 41 percent above the 10-year average. But as Google and Amazon stretch to nearly $1,000 a share, not everyone is comfortable with the valuations. Investors pulled more than $716 million from the most popular technology exchange-traded fund last week -- the $17.4 billion Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund, or XLK -- its largest weekly outflow in over a year, data compiled by Bloomberg show. “Most everybody remembers 2000, so they might be getting a little nervous with this development,” said Maley. “I just wonder how many people have said to themselves, ‘If AMZN gets to $1,000, I’m going to take at least some profits.’” For more on Apple, check out the Decrypted podcast: Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 30, 2017 3:22 p.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +0.04% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +0.64%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +0.09%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.45%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break loose’ in the stock market Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% MSFT +0.45 +0.64% AMZN +0.92 +0.09% GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.26% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.02% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 4.01% 15 yr fixed refi 3.06% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.22% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.8% 1 yr CD 0.65% MMA $10K+ 0.29% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.33% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $70.41 +0.45 (+0.64%) Volume 16.6M Open $69.79 High $70.41 Low $69.77 P/E Ratio 31.15 Div Yield 2.22 Market Cap 540.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $996.70 +0.92 (+0.09%) Volume 3.1M Open $996.51 High $1,001 Low $995.52 P/E Ratio 187.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.0B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:07 A.M. ET U.K. pound drops to $1.2814 from $1.2855 after poll shows Conservatives losing majority 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance This is the smartest virtual assistant — and it’s NOT Siri or Alexa By Kari Paul Published: May 30, 2017 3:22 p.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Oli Scarff A man uses 'Siri' on the iPhone 4S. By KariPaul Reporter Consumers increasingly have the ability to put smart personal assistants in the palm of their hands, with programs like Apple’s AAPL, +0.04% Siri, Microsoft’s MSFT, +0.64%  Cortana, the Amazon AMZN, +0.09%   Alexa on Amazon Echo, and the Google GOOG, +0.45%  Home Assistant. But how smart are these assistants really? The answer varies widely by brand, according to research from digital agency Stone Temple. It asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants and found Google Home Assistant was the smartest, answering 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. The survey comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. More from MarketWatch Money milestones: This is how your finances should look in your 60s It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split Quote References AAPL +0.06 +0.04% MSFT +0.45 +0.64% AMZN +0.92 +0.09% GOOG +4.41 +0.45% Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.26% 30 yr fixed 3.83% 15 yr fixed 3.02% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 4.01% 15 yr fixed refi 3.06% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.27% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.66% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.22% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.8% 1 yr CD 0.65% MMA $10K+ 0.29% MMA $50K+ 0.4% MMA Savings 0.33% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.62% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.81% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.84% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.67 +0.06 (+0.04%) Volume 19.3M Open $153.42 High $154.43 Low $153.33 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $70.41 +0.45 (+0.64%) Volume 16.6M Open $69.79 High $70.41 Low $69.77 P/E Ratio 31.15 Div Yield 2.22 Market Cap 540.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $996.70 +0.92 (+0.09%) Volume 3.1M Open $996.51 High $1,001 Low $995.52 P/E Ratio 187.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 476.0B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $975.88 +4.41 (+0.45%) Volume 1.4M Open $970.31 High $976.20 Low $969.49 P/E Ratio 32.98 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 679.5B
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Bangalore News » India India’s online edu industry set to reach $1.96 bn in 2021: Report TNN | May 31, 2017, 12.30 AM IST Bengaluru: India's online education industry is set to grow eightfold by 2021 — from US $247 million in 2016 to $1.96 billion — according to a a report released by search giant Google and professional services firm KPMG. Based on primary research that covered 3,600 respondents over 27 cities, market research as well as insights from Google search, the report predicts a substantial increase in the number of paid users from 1.6 million to 9.6 million over the same period. According to the report, searches for online education have doubled in the past two years and there's been a fourfold increase in consumption of educational content on YouTube. More importantly, 44% of the education-related searches are now coming from beyond the top six metros, up from 35% last year. This implies the growth in the industry is being fuelled by greater internet usage in tier-2 cities. The report identifies five major categories of online education —primary and secondary supplemental education, higher education, test preparation, reskilling and online certifications, and language and casual learning. Reskilling and certification courses account for a major chunk of the online education market with a share of 38%. However, the report estimates that by 2021, the largest share of 39% will belong to primary and secondary supplemental education. Interestingly, 62% of the queries regarding test preparation came from tier-2 and 3 cities. Laptops seem to be the preferred usage device. "A large number of education-related search queries are now coming from tier-2 and 3 cities like Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota, which points to the opportunities that the growing penetration of smartphones and better internet connectivity have opened up," said Nitin Bawankule, industry director, Google India. Stating that women seem to be prefering online courses to offline courses, Sreedhar Prasad, partner, KPMG India, said, "When it comes to online test preparation, the gender-wise figures of users stand at 44% (female) and 56% (male), which is encouraging as only 33% of Indian women are online in the first place." IN NUMBERS Category-wise market value in US $ million Category ----------------------------------------------------2016-----------------2021 (projected) Primary and secondary supplemental education———— 73--------------———773 Test preparation ————————————————43————————515 Reskilling and online certifications —————————93————————463 Higher education————————————————33—————————184 Language and casual learning ———————————5——————————29 Overall———————————————————247—————————1964 Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Salma Officially in Billionaire Wives Club Sportingz Trial Sets New Standard for Pancreatic Cancer MedPage Today by Everyday Health 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancer rmhealthy More from The Times of India GST rates: Hotels in Bengaluru observe bandh IIT-Madras student who participated in beef fest assaulted Big B introduces his fans to Aaradhya’s cat From the Web More From The Times of India Find a State Farm® agent near you!State Farm Insurance My son won't live to see his second birthday!Milaap Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a DisasterTwo Red Dots This 3 Minute Read Will Improve Your Presentation SkillsFast Company | Prezi The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads ISC scores left out of CET marksheets After Bellandur, fire erupts in Varthur Lake now Hospital employee, broker held in Pak nationals' case CLAT results out, delayed by 7 hours Youth stabs woman, daughter with screwdriver Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Education Bihar 12th Arts result Bihar 12th Science result  Bihar 12th Commerce Result Uttarakhand Class 10 results UK Board Class 12 result BSEB Matric Result GSEB HSC Commerce results GSEB HSC Arts results Jharkhand board 10th Commerce result Jharkhand board 10th Science result Jharkhand board 12th Commerce result Jharkhand board 12th Science result Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia Kannada News From around the Web In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance 1 week ago, we lost our daughter to this Milaap Why Your Dad Needs This Smoking Box for Father's Day Popdust for Taboola More From The Times of India Bengaluru students bag 15 of 25 top CET ranks Karnataka Cong may get 2 working presidents Why a well drying up has Bengaluru-Mysuru worried Most Popular China is behaving like a 'bully' in South China Sea: John McCain 'Be cautious, exercise restraint': China tells India on Bhupen Hazarika bridge Failed love affair made Sabzar Ahmad Bhat a dreaded Hizbul terrorist Accident victim’s body left to rot for 10 hours on highway Shocking incident of human apathy has emerged from Assam. The body of accident victim was left to rot on highway for 10 hours. Punjab govt appoints ex-CM Beant Singh's grandson as DSP Captain Amarinder Singh government approved the appointment of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh’s grandson Guriqbal Singh as deputy superintendent of police (DSP) on ‘compassionate grounds’. Read Moreonline education industryKPMGGoogle Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Download Bangalore Travel Guide Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Here’s how to kick the butt this World No Tobacco Day Stars galore spotted at India Luxury Style Week finale You don’t need to study 24x7 to be a topper BTC seeks quick solution as government stares at revenue loss 1India’s online edu industry set to reach $1.96 bn in 2021: Report 2Here’s how to kick the butt this World No Tobacco Day 3Stars galore spotted at India Luxury Style Week finale 4You don’t need to study 24x7 to be a topper 5BTC seeks quick solution as government stares at revenue loss Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends BSEB Class 12 Result Assam HSSLC Result  Maharashtra HSC result  GSEB Class 12 Result BSEB Class 12 Result UK Board 12th Results GSEB HSC Arts Result XXX Photos UBSE Class 10 results UBSE Result 2017 MSBSHSE 12th Result  Live: Babri Masjid case UBSE Class 10 Result GSEB HSC Commerce Results Jharkhand Class 12 results services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions Trophy Schedule Beef ban in Kerala Champions Trophy Teams Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Half Girlfriend Collections Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Babri Demolition case Asaam HSSLC Result JAC 10th Commerce Results BSEB 12th Commerce Result JAC 12th Science Results Exam Results 2017 Jharkhand 10th results JAC 10th Science Results xXx JAC 12th Commerce Results BSEB 12th Science Result BSEB 12th Arts Result Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Full Article Index Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Lenses 101: What to know Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Android creator unveils Essential Phone, a premium Android device poised to battle Apple, Samsung Back To News Next Story Shutter Release: Sony A9 dynamic range compared to Canon 1DX Mark II and Nikon D5 Google officially takes Nik Collection off life support and announces it will no longer update the software google google nik collection news nik collection photography plugin software by Jeremy Gray posted Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 3:00 PM EDT     Back in 2012, Google purchased Nik Software. The following year, Nik was rebranded as “Nik Collection by Google” and its price was slashed. Then in early 2016, the collection of Photoshop plug-ins was made available for free. This was great news for photographers looking for free photo editing software, but it did concern me about the possibility of future updates. At the time, Google’s announcement referenced future updates for Google Photos and Snapseed but did not mention development for the Nik software suite. What started as an unofficial concern has now been made official by Google. Their Nik Collection page now reads the following at the top, “We have no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” This was a long time coming. The Google Nik Collection had not been updated since May 2014 when Analog Efex Pro 2 was introduced. After Google’s acquisition of Nik, Analog Efex Pro was the only new software and the rest of the suite received only bug fixes. Now if new versions of Photoshop introduce compatibility issues or bugs with the Nik Collection, even those won’t be ironed out by Google.     Although not surprising, this announcement is a real shame. While there are many great Photoshop plug-ins, the Nik Collection has held a primary place in my personal editing workflow for nearly a decade. There are very few images I don’t edit using Color Efex Pro and Silver Efex Pro is still the best black and white conversion software I’ve used. Viveza is also one of my favorite methods for making localized adjustments to images. Of course, photographers can continue to use the software, and for those who have yet to give it a try, the entire suite is still available for free and worth trying, but I wouldn’t dedicate much time to learning all the ins and the outs of the software at this point. It’s unclear what Google plans to do with Google Photos and Snapseed, but their focus seems to be primarily on mobile applications and technology at this point. I’ll continue to use the Nik plugins for as long as possible, but the latest news is reason to start integrating alternatives into my workflow. (Via DIY Photography) Tweet Comment Previous Story Android creator unveils Essential Phone, a premium Android device poised to battle Apple, Samsung Back To News Next Story Shutter Release: Sony A9 dynamic range compared to Canon 1DX Mark II and Nikon D5 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2017. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments7 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Innovations Google co-founder Sergey Brin is reportedly building a $100 million ‘air yacht’ to help the poor The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hamza Shaban By Hamza Shaban May 30 at 6:08 PM Google co-founder Sergey Brin during a news conference at Google headquarters on Sept. 25, 2012, in Mountain View, Calif. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending more than $100 million to build the world’s largest airship, a blimp with a rigid structure designed to both deliver supplies abroad for humanitarian projects and ferry Brin’s family and friends around the globe, according to a Guardian report. The project is the latest example of Silicon Valley attempting to reshape how goods and people are moved. But it also, some say, underscores a penchant for tech moguls to color their projects with seemingly virtuous ambition. Some people on social media seized on the vessel and its apparent dual purpose. On the one hand, it’s a benevolent carrier transporting food to remote, hard-pressed communities, and on the other it’s a luxurious “air yacht,” as the Guardian report described it, shuttling a billionaire and his inner circle to exotic locations. Sums up Silicon Valley billionaires. Always disguising what they do as some humanitarian bs https://t.co/nQbzsbRacp pic.twitter.com/S1liw4QeU4 — Hipster (@Hipster_Trader) May 26, 2017 So this is what you do with way too much money. Also, I expect a Silicon Valley parody on this soon. https://t.co/f3BLxftI9u — Allen Klosowski (@TheBigKlosowski) May 5, 2017 Alphabet, Google’s parent company, declined to comment. “A flying yacht that’s also going to do deliver assistance is long on the yacht part and a little short on the humanitarian aid part,” said Rob Enderle, technology industry analyst at the analysis firm Enderle Group. “I guess [Brin] was looking for a tax deduction. Maybe he can cut back on taxes and operational costs.” The vessel is reportedly being built at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, Calif. When completed, the airship will become the world’s largest aircraft, at more than 200 meters long, although its payload is not known, according to the Guardian. Plans for the vessel, which is being funded by Brin, were first revealed by Bloomberg earlier this year. Experts say that the use of airships could bypass the congestion and costs tied to transporting cargo via roads, railways and airports. But lighter-than-air travel presents its own challenges, like the need to steady the aircraft by offsetting the weight of cargo once it’s offloaded. While the potential success of Brin’s aircraft could encourage others to develop lighter-than-air technology, Enderle said he questions the practicality of using such vessels, with their slow air speed, and vulnerability to adverse weather and militants. “There are a lot easier ways to deliver aid using current technology,” he said. According to the Guardian, Brin’s vessel will use a series of internal bladders to stabilize its flight. Brin began his plans to build the vessel about three years ago, according to Bloomberg. His fascination with airships was sparked by visits to the Ames Research Center, which is next to the Alphabet headquarters. Ames once housed the navy airship USS Macon, which spanned 239 meters, and was among the largest aircraft of its time in the 1930s. Some of Silicon Valley’s novel charitable efforts have been criticized in the past, perhaps most prominently in the case of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s internet.org initiative, which aims to bring Internet access to the billions of people who don’t have it. Critics of internet.org say that even though the initiative aims to connect more people to the web, it does so by offering customers in the developing world only a narrow slice of the internet, with Facebook standing to gain new users and more personal data to collect. With altruistic motives but lucrative business prospects, some see Zuckerberg’s initiative less as a magnanimous Internet project than as a version of high-tech imperialism. Zuckerberg’s $100 million donation to Newark public schools in 2010, and funding by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to reform education have also come under fire for promoting projects that lack accountability and lasting improvements. It’s unclear whether Brin’s airship will be put to commercial use. But Larry Page, CEO of Alphabet and the other co-founder of Google, has also taken a keen interest in innovative aircraft. Page has personally backed two flying-car start-ups, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. Kitty Hawk’s flyer, a personal electric aircraft that hovers over water, will be available for purchase later this year. business on-innovations innovations Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ business on-innovations innovations Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 7 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 7 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 To find girl missing 33 years, Fla. police gave her a voice on Twitter. It was eerie. 2 Tiger mauls British zookeeper to death in ‘freak accident’ 3 An artist hated the ‘Fearless Girl’ statue – so he put this at her feet 4 Portland stabbing victim’s last words: ‘Tell everyone on this train I love them’ 5 Cleveland police officer who fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice is fired — but not for the killing The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-innovations innovations Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Wed, May 31, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Android creator unveils new smartphone and home assistant device Andy Rubin launches new firm, Essential Products, to take on the likes of Apple iPhone about 12 hours ago Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device         Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 (€625) and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple’s iPhone and Samsung’s Galaxy S8. The firm also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon. com Echo and Alphabet’s Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Gambling tech company GAN increases revenue 30% Kainos reports 9% jump in revenue on back of strong demand Irish companies may benefit from Trump work visa reform Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. Image recognition The Essential Home takes a page from Apple’s privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple’s HomeKit system takes a similar approach. Mr Rubin, Essential’s chief executive, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google’s mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm’s robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn, Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Mr Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both.       Topics: Andy Rubin Wolfgang Muller Alphabet Altimeter Capital Amazon Apple Foxconn Google Linkedin Redpoint Samsung Tencent Holdings Read More ComReg likely to lower Eir’s fibre broadband connection fee Vodafone Ireland overhauls IT infrastructure with €120m system Speedy Garda vetting system takes top IT award  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Work Lucy Kellaway: The tables will turn against Ikea Rugby Gordon D'Arcy: Lions have no issue about showing their hand too early Innovation Why Iron Man-style exoskeletons are still some way off Sponsored The Story of Home: a potter’s life Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes Latest Business This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 07:50 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% 07:49 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 07:48 German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April 07:34 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 06:53 How to? Easy to follow guides to make technology simple   This week This week we’re talking about . . . flying and the electronics ban This week we’re talking about . . . Vault 7 This week we’re talking about . . . Twitter’s troll takedown Tech Tools Urban Armor Gear offers lightweight protection case for iPads Tech Tools: Firm’s Metropolis case series claim to have military standard protection Tech Tools: Samsung SmartThings hub Easy to set up, Samsung SmartThings hub permits automation of your home devices Sony’s A1 OLED TV offers superb picture quality and size Tech Tools: 55-inch television offers innovative audio features for a costly €4,299 Ikea has a lightbulb moment with new smart lighting system Tech Tools: Tradfri kits embrace the Internet of Things, but where’s the remote access? Most Read in Business 1 This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 2 Noonan triggers AIB share sale that could raise €3bn for State 3 Cliff Taylor: AIB IPO must go ahead regardless of cash usage 4 British Airways adopts brace position over IT failures 5 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Microsoft doubles down on ‘business bots’ Smart Reply: Gmail’s quick-learning response tech Buddhify: Instant karma in a handy meditation app ‘Big Bang Theory’ star offers geek guide to life ‘The Sims’ is coming to iOS and Android Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 31/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 144 Plus 1 on G+ 72 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares278 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? D.Smithee *crickets* Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.752s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google adds ‘Personal’ search filter, then drops it Google tests a personalized version of their search results for signed-in Google users. Did you see it? Barry Schwartz on May 30, 2017 at 10:13 am More This past Friday, Google was displaying a new filter in the main Google search tools for showing personal results only. This feature was live for anyone with a personal Google account who was signed in while doing searches. Here is a screen shot of the feature: When you selected the “Personal” drop-down option under the search tools, Google would then filter to show you your emails, photos, flights and other personal data related to your query in the Google search results. Here is a screen shot of Google showing me my personal emails for my Gmail account that I rarely use: This reminds me of how Google had Search Plus Your World, where Google would surface personal Gmails and other items directly in your search results. This feature was launched in January 2012 and has come out from time to time since then. Again, this would have worked on Friday if you were signed into a personal Google account. If you searched while signed out or with a Google Apps account, it would not have worked. As of this morning, the personal search tool filter seems to have been removed. We did email Google for a statement about this late Thursday night and have yet to hear back. Postscript: Google has confirmed this as an experiment and sent us this message: We are always experimenting with ways to make Google Search more useful for our users. At this time, we have no further plans to announce. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads How to track conversions like a pro Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: SEOGoogle: User InterfaceGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know The new attribution solution announced last week offers more insights and functionality than currently available in AdWords or Analytics. Ginny Marvin on May 30, 2017 at 11:53 am More One of the biggest announcements to come out of Google Marketing Next, held in San Francisco last week, was the release of Google Attribution. The new, free solution can pull in data from Google Analytics, AdWords or DoubleClick Search to provide a more holistic view of conversion actions across channels and devices for attribution modeling and bidding information. Here’s a look at what this new solution means for search marketers. What is Google Attribution? Google Attribution is the simplified version of Attribution 360, the enterprise-level offering that came out of Google’s 2014 acquisition of multichannel attribution solution Adometry. It integrates with Google Analytics, Google AdWords and DoubleClick Search and doesn’t require any additional site tagging. Marketers link a Google Analytics view that’s already associated with a Google AdWords or DoubleClick Search account. Once the account is set up, Attribution is populated with the channel performance data from the connected Analytics view. Marketers can then assign an attribution model to their conversion events. And as in Analytics, it’s possible to compare models side by side. With the native integrations, the modeled conversion data can feed back into AdWords or DoubleClick Search to inform bidding decisions. What problems does Google Attribution aim to solve? There are two key problems Google is aiming to address with this product 1. How to see and credit upper- and mid-funnel interactions: Bill Kee, group product manager at Google​, who introduced Attribution onstage last week, said in a phone interview that Google Attribution is focused on understanding the full customer journey versus only last-click impact. The limitation with last-click is that gives all the credit to the user’s very last touch point before converting. For example, if a user searches and clicks on an ad on a non-brand search term, then converts later from a brand ad click, only the brand ad will get credit in a last-click attribution model. And if a marketer can’t see that a generic keyword actually got the ball rolling, she might lower the bid or pause the keyword altogether. There are obvious benefits for Google in showing advertisers that more of their search and display ads played a role in the conversion path, which brings us to second problem Attribution aims to solve. 2. How to easily inform bidding decisions based on full-funnel attribution data: By automatically sending modeled conversion data into AdWords, advertisers can see the conversion impact of keywords and ads based on multichannel and multidevice conversion path data. Automated bidding can take upper- and mid-funnel contributions into consideration. Again, this obviously has a benefit to Google as well. How is this different from attribution already in AdWords? Google has been taking steps over the past several years to take AdWords from an exclusively last-click platform to one that is more flexible. Google completed the migration from Converted Clicks to Conversions last September, in large part because Conversions supports attribution modeling other than last click. Google started showing click and conversion assist data from Analytics before that, but there was no way to set a conversion action to a model other than last-click for conversion reporting and bidding until last year. The attribution tool introduced in AdWords in 2014 is for search funnels only, which means it only reports on whether users interact with multiple ads from an advertiser. It doesn’t provide any insight into the interplay of ads with marketing efforts on other channels, unless advertisers are using data-driven attribution (more on that below). Google Attribution provides the cross-channel context that is missing in AdWords attribution. How is this different from what’s available in Analytics? Through the existing integration with Google Analytics, AdWords advertisers have been able to see paid search and Display Network data in Analytics’ multichannel funnel reporting and in the attribution model comparison tool in Analytics. Attribution offers more depth than Analytics, however. All of the attribution models in Google Attribution include more touch points than they do in Google Analytics. It also includes Google’s data-driven attribution. What is the data-driven attribution model? Attribution is by nature an imperfect science. Capturing all the touch points involved in a conversion event in one system, then assigning credit to one, some or all of those steps in a way that accurately reflects the impact on a consumer’s purchase decision is what Google is trying to get closer to with data-driven attribution. Google’s own data-driven attribution model uses machine learning to understand how marketing touch points increase the likelihood of conversion given a particular sequence of exposures. Based on the custom probability modeling, the data-driven model assigns fractional conversion credit to each touch point. Google first introduced data-driven attribution modeling in 2013. It’s been available in Google Analytics 360 and Google Attribution 360, and Google brought the model into AdWords last year. Requirements: Because it doesn’t simply assign credit to an channel based on where it occurred on a conversion path, data-driven attribution needs sufficient data for the modeling to work. The modeling is done at the conversion action level. A conversion action must have at least 15,000 clicks and at least 600 conversions within 30 days to be eligible for data-driven modeling. The model then captures 30 consecutive days of data before reporting. (In a sign of advancement, when it first became available in AdWords, the data-driven model requirements were 20,000 clicks and at least 800 conversions.) If none of your conversion actions meet the criteria, it might make sense to set up a micro-conversion event that still has some business meaning and can be used to evaluate this model against the others. Data-driven attribution in Google Analytics 360 only includes the last four touch points, whereas, in Google Attribution & Attribution 360, the model includes all touch points, whether a user visits the website or not. That means it also factors in ad impressions. Google says that where measurable, viewability can also be counted for display impressions. In the screen shot example above, last-click/interaction attribution is compared against the data-driven model. My experience with using data-driven attribution in Adwords reflects the paid search results above, though less dramatically. Brand campaigns convert somewhat lower and non-brand campaigns convert somewhat higher when compared to last-click, which intuitively makes sense. Google is encouraging adoption of data-driven attribution, but advertisers can still use the other models in Attribution. It’s possible to monitor and evaluate how the various models perform for each conversion action within Attribution before opting to push new models into AdWords. Once pushed, the models will override whatever models were set in AdWords, and conversion columns will reflect the new modeling. Automated bidding strategies will then use that data in decisioning. Google Attribution is now in beta and will roll out to more advertisers over the coming months. In the meantime, advertisers can look at data-driven attribution modeling in AdWords if available. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads How to track conversions like a pro Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AnalyticsSEM Tools: PPCSEM Tools: Web AnalyticsSEO & SEM Tools Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Millions of Android phones hit by 'Judy' malware 30 May 2017 From the section Technology These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-40092540 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright AFP More than 36 million Android devices may have been infected with ad-click malware, a security firm has said. Researchers at Check Point said they found the malware, dubbed Judy, on about 50 apps in Google's Play Store. The apps contain code that sends infected devices to a target webpage, where they generate fraudulent clicks on the site's adverts to make money for its creators. The infected apps have been removed from the Play Store. More than 40 of the apps were from the South Korean developer, Kiniwini, which publishes games to the Play Store under the name Enistudio. The games, all of which feature a character called Judy, have been downloaded between four million and 18 million times. 'Hid undetected' The malicious code was also found in several apps from other developers. "It is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly," said Check Point. Between them, the infected apps may have been downloaded up to 36.5 million times. Check Point said it did not know for how long the malicious versions of the apps had been available, but all the Judy games had been updated since March this year. Image copyright Check Point Image caption The malware has been named after the main character in the affected games The oldest of the apps from other developers was last updated in April 2016, which Check Point suggested, means that "the malicious code hid for a long time on the Play Store undetected". Because it is unclear when the code was introduced to each of the apps, the actual number of devices likely to have been infected is unknown. Ad clicks The apps got past the Play Store's protection system, Google Bouncer, because they do not contain the malicious part of the Judy code. Once downloaded, the apps silently register the device to a remote server, which responds by sending back the malicious ad-click software to open a hidden website and generate revenue for the site by clicking on the adverts. This kind of delivery "has become commonplace", Andrew Smith, a senior lecturer in Networking at the Open University, told the BBC. "There are many tools available, and the advantage is that the malware distributor can change them remotely, which makes it difficult for anti-malware software to keep up." The apps also display numerous adverts themselves, some of which cannot be closed until a user has clicked on them. Related Topics Computer security Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Game guide malware 'targeted more than 500,000 users' 26 April 2017 App maker's code stolen in malware attack 18 May 2017 WannaCry and the malware hall of fame 16 May 2017 How Minecraft undermined my digital defences 9 March 2016 Top Stories Dozens killed in Kabul explosion A vehicle bomb hits the Afghan capital's diplomatic quarter, killing at least 49 and injuring 320. 31 May 2017 Election latest 30 May 2017 Brexit expat retirees 'may cost NHS millions' 31 May 2017 Features The hardest border News Daily: How much will Brexit cost the NHS? The rise of Tory attack ads on Facebook Trump accused of plagiarising coat of arms Video The stickers that save lives Election blind dates: Toff and Jack Monroe Video The man who was 'too old' to sail solo around the world The country losing out in the breakfast juice battle Turtle disaster avoided with roadkill rescue News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru Parliaments World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Election 2017 Election 2017 Home Constituencies Reality Check Poll Tracker Manifesto Guide Cymru Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Some Nexus 6Ps have developed a battery early shutoff problem, and it's becoming a safety issue David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2016/12/20 11:10am PDTDec 20, 2016 211 Plus 1 on G+ 367 Share on Facebook 176 Share on Twitter Total Shares754 News Nexus 6P A number of Nexus 6P owners have reported an alarming battery problem with their phones as of Android 7.0 being released for the handset, which causes the phone to power down when the battery gauge still shows anywhere from 10 to 60% battery remaining. How widespread the issue is at this point isn't clear, but the main thread on the Google issue tracker has 229 stars. There are also a significant number of threads describing the problem on Google's Product Forums (see: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6). Owners have linked it to Android 7.0, but even those who have attempted flashing back to Marshmallow report the problem still occurs, though generally at lower indicated remaining battery percentages than on Nougat. This suggests some kind of change in Android 7.0 that is exacerbating what would appear to be an underlying hardware problem. There are some reports that 6P owners with the issue who have their batteries replaced see the problem largely alleviated, again pointing to what seems fundamentally a hardware failure that has been made worse by software. While Google has assigned the issue in its tracker, it's been given a low priority and there has been no indication of an incoming fix. Those who have attempted to receive warranty service from Huawei have been rebuffed, with the OEM telling them the problem is not with the phone or the battery, but with Google's changes to the software. Interestingly, it seems the problem is most common in very cold climates. These are where we see reports of phones dying at upwards of 60% battery remaining indicated, which is obviously completely ridiculous. As some on the various threads point out, this could easily be a major safety issue. We have become deeply reliant on our smartphones to help us get around - be it hail an Uber, navigate us to our destination with a map, or simply to call or text a person to let them know where or when we'll be. Such functions have become so critical that suddenly having your phone die unexpectedly could actually place you in danger. Imagine if you were in an unfamiliar place (one without frequent taxis), late at night, trying to hail an Uber in exceptionally cold weather, and then your phone kicked the bucket. What would you do? This actually happened to one poster on reddit, who was fortunate enough to find a hotel where he or she was able to use a phone to call a friend (whose phone number they knew - how many people know each other's phone numbers these days?) to pick them up. What if your car broke down on a freezing night and you were unable to phone a tow company? Our world and infrastructure, and our very decision-making processes as humans, have started to evolve around the ubiquity of constant connection through our smartphones. Without them, we can be left feeling helpless. We'll be reaching out to Google about this to see if they have any comment. Source: Reddit, Google Code Tags nexus 6p nexus 6p battery dying early nexus 6p battery shuts off nexus 6p phone shuts off nexus 6p shuts down subscribe ... Previous Story AT&T launched free Call Protect feature with spam warnings, fraud blocking, and custom number ... ... Next Story T-Mobile's next 'Un-carrier' announcement will come on January 5th at CES Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → DaveS If only the One Plus 3T had a QHD screen, this 6P is turning into a piece of rubbish. Froggies I am living in tropical country and it still happens around 20%, fixed after replacing with new battery fatlantis Introducing forced obsolescence when planning isn't enough. Linh Feedback. It does work sometimes. maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/31ff0858463dce3005d122af1771be1674201f869957270e6de3b939a5bd5adf.png Happens to me Everytime I finish a run using mapmyfitness now. This morning my battery was a lil under 50%, and I go to save my workout, and it just flashes the battery saver screen and shuts down. The only way to get it to boot is to plug it in. It did this one other time when I was playing around with Google maps battery was around 40%. Hopefully Google can figure this crap out. jfbaudio I called Google while I was still under the 1 year warranty, they replaced it for me. The problem was creeping up, from shutdowns at 4%, then 7%, and so on to 20% when I had it replaced. It took about 2 months to get there. This was during the summer so cold weather didn't play into it. Scott Harris Haven't had this problem but last week I had problems with my phone freezing on me. Was forced to have to do the power + volume down button to turn it off. Left the Android beta and didn't restore any backups. Did that like 2 days ago and so far no freezes. Have already been considering switching to iPhone, but if this battery thing starts happening to my 6P then I'm done with Android. Matías Duarte 1-Get a Note 7 2-Wait until explodes 3-Warm your N6P with the Note flames 4-??? 5-Profit. melvin My dies at 15%. When I reboot. It's back 30%. Like wth. I assumed battery was shot. Rawhi Mohammad Sounds more and more like the iPhone.. this new Pixel strategy is getting crazier by the day. just_a_regular_citizen I have the problem with my 6P. It's been worse outside in the cold. I took a screenshot right after I plugged in and restarted. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5edefbc6313ef36d560ab07169dc6fa529e1d969dd6d2f0c6c2b43f8a7df673d.png ChuckDz3 This hit me very close to home! I was involved in a car accident over the weekend due to the icy road conditions in the midwest. In the middle of calling 911 for help my phone died. My battery was at 60% before I dialed the call. It was 8 degrees outside and almost stranded with no help. Luckily I was only 5 minutes away from my place and was able to walk home. This could have ended very different due to this issue! Robert A Lyon I have the issue, BUT it didn't originally begin at 7.0. Everything was okay until a couple weeks after the push out of 7.0, my whole phone went dark, no charge, wouldn't turn on, it was just a brick. It had restarted 3 times in a row, on the third restart just wouldn't do anything. Tried all the fixes recommended online. Sent back to Huwaii and on receipt back the phone turns on but the battery drain is present. Colder weather is worse and the battery goes dead anywhere from about 20% to 15% left to zero in a matter of a second or two. Battery saver mode comes on at 15% and it'll die on me. No problem before sending it in for the other power issue. Also get it back and the camera no longer focuses in close up. So in other words, I had no problem at the initial release of 7.0, it wasn't until the OEM got it and screwed it up. Adam C Just my speculation but I do not think any battery does well with rapid charging over the long term. I never charge my 6p with rapid charging and I still have great battery life on 7.0. for over a year. I wonder how may folks that have this issue uses rapid vs standard charging. Kid.Drunkadelic I kinda of feel bad to the guy I sold mine too then, I sold cause I thought Google was back to their old shit if not quality checking and dog flooding their code enough and my battery sucked. Sucked so bad I got a 6s plus now I see how much of dramatic change in battery life I now have. I might never come back Ernie So, is it hardware or software. Sounds like a hardware problem of sorts!!! Chris B Been having this issue for around a month as well. Shutoff is usually around 10-35% and seems worse in cool weather. onekage This happened to me today! Phone was left in cold car for few hours(16°F) , unlocked the device. Battery read 58% suddenly it powered off and would not come back on. Brought inside and put on charger 61% battery. This in not acceptable. I live in a freezing cold climate 7-8 months out of the year. I'm on 7.1.1. If this continues I'll be selling the phone or getting a replacement. Dakota Rickel So should I ask Google for a replacement or wait for more news about what the exact issue is and how they plan to fix it? MisterJ Sure the battery problem is an issue, but does it pose a material danger? I don't think so. Humans have lived without phones for millennia. If you are so dependent on your phone that you think you're gonna die without it, you need to rethink your life, and come up with different contingency plans that don't require a phone. With that said, i own a nexus 6p, and i have seen phone die at around 10 to 15%, but a few nights ago, i was able push the battery all the way down to 1%. Maybe being on the Android beta program has something to do with it? va_d1m How about this situation: - stayed out really late, about ~8.5km from the home for the first time in few years. - battery died at 25%, unable to get Uber (which has been our main form of cab service for a number of years for multiple reasons). - no cabs would take me home because "it's too short a fare during shift change-over time" which is illegal but happens all the time (Melbournians would understand), - walked home Sure, I did not feel in any danger and I know my city well but since we have become so reliant on our phones (and phone companies are complicit in commoditising smart phone ownership), when they break it causes severe inconvenience to our lives. Extrapolate that to being a tourist in a foreign country the outcome can be more than just inconvenient.. MisterJ Just think about what your parents' generation would have done. It's that simple. Brett Sewell I just went through three weeks of -20 weather with the update no issues but I certainly wouldn't trust my life to my phone either in a snowstorm Tom Z I had mine shut down at 38% once. Most of the time it's around 25% when it shuts down. It doesn't even get a chance to go into battery saver. I hope Google fixes this soon. Kyle Salewski Has been happening to me a TON in the past 2-3 weeks! I thought it was just me with a faulty battery. I do see it in very cold temps, it's been negative degrees or single digits here in Milwaukee quite a few days in the past few weeks.seems to be anything under 30 or 25% and then POOF!, dead. About a week ago I was getting an Uber and shut off after I requested it. Luckily I remembered the make and license of the car picking me up downtown. I would have been stuck out in the freezing snow without a phone. It happened Sunday night and again Monday night of this week. I did run the 7.1.1 update AFTER I charged it back up last night after it died. Hopefully this update changed something, but I'm not holding my breath. KingOfRedLions7 So this is common? Mine started doing this recently at around 25% and aside from that it also drained probably around twice as fast as it should have. Then I got a new battery replacement and the day after it died around 80% but I recalibrated the battery and it's been working good as new since then. If it really is the software accelerating hardware failure than I'm going to be pissed if it starts having problems again. :/ Cory Wilson Reading this on my 6p. Haven't noticed an issue yet and hopefully I won't. But I also thought I was immune to the g4 bootloop of death problem and then it happened and it sucked. psychomaniac189 did anybody email huawei and get a response? what was the response? mine was, Thank you for contacting Huawei Device USA. We're so sorry to hear about the battery issues you've been experiencing with your Nexus. Please guide to the following troubleshooting steps to attempt to correct the charging issue. If the steps are successful but you are still experiencing battery drainage, please contact us at 1-888-548-2934. 1. Plug your charger into the wall before plugging it into your phone. 2. Hold down the power button. 3. Without letting go of the power button, plug your phone into the charger. 4. Continue to hold the power button for another 20 seconds. The phone should begin to charge normally. Noam I have this issue too. I live in Israel, haven't noticed any connection to temperature. I hope they fix this, it's driving me mad! Wilson X Nearly 40% have this issue, voted by Chinese N6P users. https://plus.google.com/u/0/+WilsonX/posts/eS6ANzEMprR wadea This problem started very soon after I updated to 7.0. It also coincided with a trip I took to South Korea; the first time I ever traveled to a non-english country. My phone died without warning at 15% one night during my trip, and although I had a reasonable amount of information written down, I still ended up stranded due to the inability to access my phone, and being in a 'suburban' area of Seoul with very few services. So yah, it can be a safety issue. I'm aware of the problem now, so when I leave again for Korea in a month, for a year this time, I'm resolving the issue by replacing my phone. I can't be in a foreign country, and have an unreliable phone in my pocket. Morten Ulv I thought that it was related to me using the 60w chromebook pixel charger for the phone. Never died above like 12% and it has been a while since I had the problem. But possibly because I charge it in time... Fartknocker Had the problem once when I took the phone out of my pocket and put it in my center console while I was driving home. It was in the single digits that night. When I got it indoors, it worked fine again and the true, original battery amount came back. Gavin Dunsire I seem to be having this issue with my Pixel (not XL model). Dorothygroybal Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !sr396c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !sr396c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash686DigitalNextGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!sr396c:....,..... twizzlerite Thank you for reporting this! Apparently, Huawei and Google just want to blame each other, while we users have to deal with the problem. Eoghan Murphy I'm seeing similar behaviour on my Moto G4 plus, and its not cold in Brisbane. Phone just shuts off randomly and when powered back on battery life is significantly reduced. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/706643efc8f98525f285b681ac3481677d6ca2c38c7c8b1620e5ca2f8e44e624.png Marc Westermann Seeing exactly the same issues since 7.0 on my Nexus 6P. The device shuts off when it hits the 15% threshold for the batterysaver. I contacted google multiple times for an RMA but they keep saying it's apps and that I should factory reset and not use apps for several days to confirm the issue. Eventually I got someone to send me the RMA link as I saw that they would charge you the full price of the nexus 6P if the returned device would be considered "flawless" in the eyes of the google support. I talked it through with the gouvernment customer care center here in germany and they said that this is unacceptable but there is nothing I can do at the moment. Worst service experience ever. Check out the screenshots, it's fun! /s https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da1b67aa1745daaa6c04379733cecb5d1423f4555bae8ddeaf1f9d66fa67b404.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/54e3430ee46793e40bc03539c9c2f72e32df6893bb5f5a742d95ff4ad887b533.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5f87b86e96716feb8fd4b94d202750630c0ddf98f297f357f9a095af4b962113.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6f6295d0e83ce0143d97df04c8bfdfc328bd9be95086bb09851f2385781f6a4d.jpg Stefano Miranda Hi. I am also here in Germany, but I have the big problem that my German is not really that good, so I was not able to find any Huawei customer center neither am I able to talk to the customer support in German. What makes it even more complicated is that I bought it on Amazon France, and I don't speak french either so I cannot complain with them. Please, if you have any information that may be relevant, send me a comment down below. I am even willing to pay for a new battery, this problem is really frustrating. Marc Westermann Wow, that's quiet a situation you got yourself into. As far as I can tell, there are Huawei shops in many major cities in Germany. There is also a support hotline from which I would assume that they talk at least basic english. But I think your best chance would be to contact Amazon in your origin country. I could imagine that they could help you as well. If not, I'd try Amazon France in english. Stefano Miranda I live in Munich but I did not see any Huawei shop here. do they also offer customer service in the shops? do you have a list? If I google for that I just find the Design Center here in Munich and not the Handy's shop LOL Marc Westermann Just search for them on google maps. I don't know if they offer customer service, but I'd assume that. It's pretty standard in germany for shops to also offer assistance on products. mchalakov What would you do? Hmmm I don't know .. WALK! Like all the 'poor' humans do where there is no Uber. And just change the battery... Josh They will never admit anything. They literally kept making us wait with ridiculous request after ridiculous request until finally the warranty expired for issues we had with bend gate and the glass popping out randomly with normal use. Google has purposely scammed a lot of people with this phone. Never will I ever purchase another Nexus or pixel product. Brian Michael Last week I gave up my Nexus 6p after battery drain issues and also when I upgraded to Nougat 7.1 my 6p kept bootlooping. So, I just bought a OnePlus 3T to hold me over. I am very pleased. I'll definitely think twice before buying another Google phone. Matt I am having issues with the battery, drops fast. And turns off randomly below 14% I did contact google, my device is less than 6 months old. They are replacing it for free. Aniket Vasishth I am glad that AP wrote an article on this.. at least now it will be taken seriously by Google Cenzo Great. The way this author writes, it won't be long before smartphones will be declared a necessity. paulmike3 For you, it might never be. For others, it is. Don't judge what you don't understand completely. Cenzo You obviously don't understand what basic human necessities are. paulmike3 I do. If we were talking about basic human necessities, I would agree with you. We're not. You said "necessity", which is a different classification. A car, a phone, electricity, heat, etc. are all necessities in my life (home, work). Without them, I would be in a critical safety situation, given the 12F temperature outside right now. The article remains spot on. Cenzo Corrected for context. Latheryin If you think it is then you have bigger issues then battery problems. There is nothing to understand. Might want to check anyone that thinks it is as they have some very big mental issues. Jonas Andersson Mine dies every night at about 15%. I have battery saver at 15% but the screen turns orange and about the same times it dies. Victory Hand I used to have this issue but 7.1.1 seems to have fixed it. Laird Rixford Mine always happens after using the camera. Even at 25%+. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bbea09d0194204d95339235943431ae6a221f8a4e195dc3a98d6a53a024fc310.png w https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8db3f5c513a96eafe8f20c1d778f421d2f4a7f072c60c59f588f59959ac515cd.png Russell I've had the same issue after updating my Pixel XL to 7.1.1. I contacted Google support and they said other users are experiencing the same issue. Hopefully a fix comes soon because my phone shuts off sometimes with just less than 50%!! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/343c7bd4c50adb1781ede1d1bd3de748fb0b529b5ed87694d38ed96d8216c77f.png paulmike3 This is good info, thanks! If you haven't already, please post this on the Android bug report thread as well (and state that it's happening on your Pixel XL) -> https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849 Michael Hall This is a big fat joke. It is crap like this which makes the iPhone look more and more tempting. If I'm anywhere near 20% then open up a high drain app like Snapchat, it just dies. I love Google, but Christ they are useless. Andre Natale David, please stay on top of this. I thought I was alone In this issue but I am glad you made light of it. dblock The behavior of this is very strange, as it happens to me, but usually never above 30% battery remaining. It only happens to me when I use something that seems to be resource-intensive. I noticed that it mainly happens when I use my camera while the battery is below 30%, or something that utilizes the camera, like Snapchat. Otherwise it seems like I can drain my battery down to 0 if I don't use my camera. I have never seen it randomly shut off while using anything else, that I can recall anyhow. Still, I assume something like Uber might also cause this behavior, especially when you are awaiting a ride to show up and the ride tracker map is up, as that is probably somewhat resource-heavy. Either way, it is unacceptable. For me, this started happening as soon as I started using Nougat in general, not 7.1.1 specifically. Initially I thought it was just a result of custom ROMs, however now that Nougat is more widely available, it looks like that is not the case at all. Chris Babes This has really been effecting me greatly! Please fix. I'm at the point where I may have to get a new phone. I work outdoors in Ontario, Canada. So frustrating and dangerous. Robert Andersson Buy a Huawei. melvin my just did it at 37%.. so frustration. Alex O’Brien Same thing happens to me although I live in a warm climate (California) and, to the best of my recollection, has only happened once my battery is around 15%. It is definitely a safety issue. sodsavage Having this same issue, didn't know it was a widespread problem. Believe it or not, I was actually assaulted because of this issue affected a situation. RVCA It sounds like only a small amount of people are impacted. Haha Suckers!! Arman G This has actually happened to me recently. It was like -10C, phone had a 50% charge left and died on me, just as my Uber driver went past me. So I missed the Uber and the ability to get to my destination in time. I had to rely on m my work iPhone the rest of the night. See the screenshot of the battery meter. No explanation for the sharp power dip. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cf7a5e1479a23d65e57b6cd424f788820e14c622977f8b62b35cbeaecce7211a.png Ger PG I live in the not-so-cold weathers of Mediterranean Europe but yesterday I spent a whole day in Prague at -5 ºC and my phone kept dying at 35%. Later at night I saw this article in Android Police describing this issue and I felt like you were explaining my day. I spent 550€ on this phone 6 months ago, so they'd better be fixing this soon. By the way, I am still running Android 6.0.1, so add this build to the list of affected ones. jobber99 this happened to me starting in september, i was on 7.0 i believe--would get to 15% and then down to 0. i called google store support, and they replaced my 6p. it is now also happening to my wife's phone, on 7.1.1, but it's too late i think for her to call google store support as the phone is > 1 year old now Kelly This happens to me. The first time I was out of town (and the phone was a month old) so it was extra scary. I didn't know this is what was happening but now that you describe it, it fits. I pull my phone out of my purse and it won't cut on. I have to plug it in and wait for at least 30 seconds before the power button will turn it back on. It does not show the battery charging icon either, so it looks bricked. Scary!!! It's happened twice. I also notice it shutting down and/or restarting itself all the time but I think that's the stupid button sensitivity. Kelly Oh and this was way before 7.0 (it was August this year) and was indoors in a moderate climate. staticx57 I've had mine shut down numerous times at around 30% and this was on MM Chris This actually just happened to me. I was inside, sitting at 60% battery, when my phone just powers off with the low battery warning. Thinking it was just a normal crash, I reboot it and went to to plug it on the charger anyway, it fully booted (off the charger) but then showed 2% battery remaining. I looked at the battery history, it has been running for 3 hours and was somewhere around 60-65% when it literally dropped to zero. And I hadn't barely used my phone except at the very start of the day. Didn't realize it was a widespread issue, also only happened once. ( My phone usually powers off at about 10% normally, I just assumed that was within the margin of error for battery prediction) Patrick Murphy Yep mine has been doing it since it got cold in upstate New York usually 30% or lower plus since Android 7.0 dropped seemed worse Fernando Pena Never happened to me after a full year of use... Martial Clausse Was waiting the train on the platform, in the cold, phone shut down at 30%. Tried turning it on again, as soon as boot animation finished it shut down again. Once in the train, I charged it a little, and it booted up with 29% battery. Kashif Sheikh After the most recent update, my Nexus 5x went into an unfixable bootloop, which apparently is a very common issue. Not sure if this is some joint hardware/software issue, but it seems to have been triggered after a software update: http://www.techtimes.com/articles/186940/20161125/lg-cant-fix-nexus-5x-bootloop-issue-so-its-offering-full-refunds.htm MarkM Thank you for reporting on this. My 6P shut down in 20 degree temps with 55% battery left while hiking in the wilderness. I was not able to restart until it was plugged into a charger. This is definitely a safety issue that Google needs to address as soon as possible. MarkM check it out: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1ebf53c40e7e86db227443e8b655467e6a662ebae3bc6fdd181894458458ed3c.jpg Luxferro Hopefully you posted this on the Google issue tracker as well. Scott Kennedy Hah. I literally just had Google agree to an out-of-warranty replacement for this issue. I was expecting them to say no (I just needed documentation they wouldn't cover it), but the replacement arrived today. It'll make a nice gift for someone. Mine happened around 35%, indoors. Nothing to do with cold weather. Xu Mengran i am glad that people are paying attention to this. It has been keeping happening to me. the phone usually shuts off around 25% and needs to be connected to the socket otherwise cannot be turned on!!!! tibor ric Same on my Nexus 6p. Battery is dropping mast faster than when the phone was new... 3223 So much for fast updates while being half baked. Maybe oem's holding off updating their phones to rectify internal coding errors seems like a much better option than getting the fastest updates first and having these things happen.. Luke I usually don't comment, but articles like these are very important. So many issues that only occur after a certain time (especially once you're out of warranty) get swept under the rug and companies don't pay the price for making devices that don't last. I also find it worrying after reading some of the comments here, people with this issue actually consider solving the problem by buying a Pixel. Seriously guys, vote with your dollars and don't empower companies that treat you like shit. Let's hope Google can fix this. Luxferro Can we get this pinned at the top of the site until Google fixes it? If this gets no more press Google will take their sweet time fixing it, if at all. Rob Paek My 6P hasn't been shutting down but I feel like since the second to last update (I'm in the beta program) my battery life on standby is abysmal. Plus the emojis I send don't show up in the Messenger texting app (Google's, not Facebook). Brownstar No issues with mine tibor ric Living in Sweden. It was only 5°C outside... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8a00b2758b995826cf17b5f6a2c2eaee41230b56d9d301402f3ceba8f67f6c7e.png Matt Virus My 6p on marshmallow does this all the time...Sometimes at 20 or 25%....But yesterday I was doing outside work in the cold and my phone died at over 50%. Insp_Gadget Happens to me, regardless of the temperature. Happened this morning at 45% and I was indoors (hadn't been outside) for over 12 hours. imdevu Started happening on my 6P from yesterday. And suddenly it is a nightmare. Especially since 6P is my primary device (and the only one I carry) Robert Andersson Google is implementing the iPhone feature where batteries die at 30 %. Ricardo Torres My nexus 6p recently started showing this problem. Jon E. This happened to me last week while driving in my cold car during below-freezing temperatures outside. It was connected to the USB-C car charger and running Google Maps Navigation. It had around 50% battery and it randomly shut itself off, did not come back on by itself. I had to dangerously pull over while the sleet/ice was getting worse with the freezing wind, and when I turned it back on, it came on and then immediately turned itself off again. I literally SAT on my damn phone for 7-10 mins until it warmed up, then it booted up okay, but it showed 13% battery for some reason...I've been worried about it, and now here I am seeing this is a widespread issue; wonderful. Shay Carmel The issue is not because of cold environment. I live in Israel where it's 23 degrees or more and it happend to me as well, battery drain and shuts down at 16 percent. Ceridwen I've had it happen with up to 38% battery life remaining on mine. Seems to occur most often when the phone is even marginally cold (30 degree weather, phone in coat pocket) and I activate the camera. Made my husband quite angry with me once for not telling him my phone was low before it died while I was at the park with our daughter. Rather frustrated at this point because I've already RMA'd the phone twice for rebooting issues where it would refuse to turn back on for hours at a time. Not impressed with quality control for this device. Diwa Galvez Does the issue persists in 7.1.1? Mine is still on Marshmallow, and I've been holding out on the upgrade. weictay My 6P was just upgraded to 7.1.1 a few days ago and yesterday, I noticed my phone had shut down at 25% battery life. Never had this happened before while it was 7.0 so this was a surprise. Stephen Cornwell Happened to me today: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e10378fd3532e7e6b183e2085e162a4bf1f2e8b7307c1854d33caf1a2dcb1faa.png Left on the side of the road in -2°C because my phone died and I couldn't call to be picked up. Running 7.1.1 so it's obviously not fixed yet. Gerardo Sarabia I broke my pixel so while fixing it decided to use my Nexus 6p. Is dying at about 33%. Ridiculous. Any news on this? Trevor I was at 75% and this just happened as I was playing with my dog outside (I live in Canada so it is cold) and the phone just dies! I just got the phone 4 months ago too. Andrey I have the same problem. Was snowboarding at Stevens Pass in WA and just ten minutes after I hit the slopes the phone died at 40% battery. The temperature outside was 15F. Basically phone renders useless in mellow cold weather. Any updates on the fix? EastOakland510 Same thing is happening to my phone too usually after 20% Alexander Gontar Any feedback from Google or Huawei on this article? Tom Frascone (theorie) Just recently developed this problem on my Nexus 6P purchased in Jan 2016. Currently running 7.1.1 and when my battery hits 20% it divebombs to around 10% before automatically shutting off. It's winter, but I live in Florida and it's been around 70F the past month...so not sure temp is an issue. Just called Google and they said my phone is still in warranty (by only a few days) and they are going to replace it. eastprecinctguy That just happened to me tonight. Out of the country, late at night, trying to get back to the hotel, cold out - phone dies with plenty of battery life. Won't turn back on. Thank God I brought my portable charger. Not good. TrOpAzR So I just spent the last 40 minutes with Google Chat Support regarding this issue. I was the owner of a launch device and had zero issues with this phone until 7.1.1. 3-4 weeks ago my phone started shutting off between 5-10% battery. I took multiple screenshots and submitted them to Google Support. They pointed me to a list of 30 different things that I should do for "optimal" use but eventually RMA'd the device after the problem persisted even after a full wipe and reflash of the latest system images. I received my replacement device today and let it hang out on 7.0 which is what it shipped with. Battery acted completely normal and the phone was behaving really well. Had a persistent notification to upgrade to 7.1.1 and reluctantly accepted. Phone lasted about 15 minutes off the charger before it died near 25-30% battery. Attached is the screenshot. This is absolutely unacceptable. I have since been back in contact with Google Chat Support and they've promised to escalate this to a "specialist". Before I RMA'd my original device I asked them if this would continue to be a problem. They assured me that the refurbished replacement would be "tested to the highest standards" and that I would have nothing to worry about. Literally less than 3 hours after receiving the replacement device the problem is even worse than it was with my original device. Since it was on 7.0 when I received it they obviously didn't even test the replacement with the 7.1.1 update to ensure there were no issues with the software.. Simple deduction leads me to believe that this is absolutely a problem with 7.1.1. The 7.1.1 software update is obviously borking SOMETHING on this device. In addition, my old device suffered from the "echo" problem on phone calls for multiple months. However, I refused to believe there was an issue and would always tell the other person it was THEIR phone. Found out real quick that I was incorrect when I saw the thread about this issue here on XDA.. Sure, the phones aren't exploding like the Note 7.....but Google has a serious issue on their hands that they must address quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think they will. We must demand that this problem is fixed....and fixed soon. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/25eca7a15aad8a3b2a76adcefdd9d963140ea4355aa44d05663207124c0ac04e.png Ray My phone used to die around 5% when I used to take walks in the park. I thought it might have just been an issue with the phone not having enough energy to handle the gps, so I ignored it. Yesterday I was waiting for an Uber and I saw my driver go past me on the map. He called me, and right after I tried to speak the phone shut off completely. I had about 34% battery but couldn't turn the phone back on. I'm lucky he didn't just give up and go home or it would have been a major inconvenience. I owned two Nexus 6 phones and both had a similar issue as well. With the 6 there was some over heating that I think caused the issue, but back when I had a Galaxy S3 I had bad overheating and the battery never behaved like that. I feel like since they introduced all of this rapid charging technology these smartphone batteries are starting to fail quicker. Shaik Shahir I don't have the battery issue most of the time , but I think it's related to cold , becuz whenever I keep my AC on it gets damn cold inside the room and at that time my phone shuts down but when it's not cold it works perfectly . Israel Rodriguez I just went from loving my Nexus the first year after release and as soon as that update rolled out I just have grown to hate my phone I once loved. Such a shame Google is hiding from this waiting for things to blow over. I wish they do a recall or something to get it fixed otherwise this is the worst investment I've ever made Stephen Metz-Lago Same thing. Take a picture or video in cold weather and game over, even with over 50% charge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8faa6cbe1d087a3b07ba213803feed31f0f32c80e9e7220d48ad30a8b5ea1ef.png Ching-Wang Hung Thanks for reporting this but were you able to get comments from Google on this issue yet? Huawei customer support keeps saying it's a software issue and refused to provide any repairs or replacements even though my phone is still within warranty. I'm really disappointed in them and will never buy their products again. Richard Y I would always tell everyone the biggest draw of this phone is now for once, I never had to think about battery life, ever. How fast things change. Those who feel it's Nougat or the weather are mistaken. These problems started occuring when the Pixel was released - Google made sure the Nexus 6P had problems a) to get nexus owners to jump ship go Pixel and b) any bad publicity on the Nexus would ensure there would be no debate as to whether someone had to decide between the 6P and a Pixel. Weh Yeoh This issue is online in a few blogs, it's also on Google's issue tracker but as a low priority, (https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849) which is poor form. It doesn't seem like Huawei are taking it seriously either. This issue has been unresolved for me since October. I think it's time to step it up so I've just purchased two domains, googledoesntlisten.com and huaweidoesntlisten.com. One might be able to redirect to the other. My idea is that we can post screenshots of our battery issues, our locations, and maybe a one sentence line like "I was stuck in the snow when my phone's GPS shut down" to hammer home the reality of the issue here. This might get Google and Huawei to do something, especially since it's affecting a lot of people. Problem is, I'm very poor on website design. Now that i have purchased the domains, who is willing to help me get them set up? roseskegg It happens to me all the time, and I live in the Bay Area! It's never below 45 degrees, but my phone just shut off today at 40% Tomasimpo I have been suffering from early battery shutoffs for the past month or so. Finally having had enough of waiting for Google to release a software fix for this issue I called the UK Google support and CSR immediately said it was an known issue affecting a very small number of handsets. I asked for a new handset and they said yes immediately. I now have a brand new 6p on 7.1.1 without the issue. My handset was purchased at launch from the Google Store so was over 12 months old so was expecting a fight for a new handset. Anyone in the UK who got their handset direct from Google I suggest you phone them and get yourselves an shiny new 6p. TBolt My Nexus 6P died the other day at around 20% battery life (I'm in warm Orange County, California). I started googling the issue to see if there have been any known fixes for the problem -- sadly nothing from Google or Huawei. Very disappointing for Google Android & Huawei. Justin Alick Have had this problem since December 2016, with shutdowns (and inability to restart until charging) guaranteed between 15-20% and once at 50%. This has been hugely disruptive to my professional and personal life - I recently swapped from Samsung to Google's native phones and will move on if the company doesn't fix this problem soon. Akabari I know this old but I wanted to point out this happens to me a lot, and I once had to walk 4 miles in below zero temps and stay at a hotel because of it Ricardo N Feliciano It may not be effective, but I've made a Change.org petition for this issue (and the bootloop issue as well): https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Phillip Mwaniki I bought a nexus 6p a month ago and it still has this issue. Can't trust google anymore. Qadir Ali khan problem not with the device problem is with android N factory image. even I am also facing this problem when first I upgrade to android N 7.0 and problem is continues until I decide to step to custom rom . now I am on Pure Nexus rom android 7.1.1 and phone performance is awesome with a great battery life without any issue . Ricardo N Feliciano I made a petition for this problem: https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Margaritas Ante Porcos This happened to my 6p now after 7.1.2 update. I am beyond furious with Google. Josh Temperature may affect it, but it's a correlation only... not the cause. It's definitely a hardware problem, but it was brought out with Nougat. We have two Nexus 6Ps. One is on Sprint (CDMA) and one is on AT&T (GSM). The Sprint one does have the problem and the AT&T one does not (regardless of temperature). Google sent me a free replacement for the Sprint one (outside of my warranty I might add because they seem to know that it is some form a hardware issue). The new phone didn't have the problem for the first few days of testing it just on Wifi. But the first day I put in the Sprint sim card and activated service, it started the bug again... this time it was actually worse (before it would die at 20-30%; this one dies at 40%). So it may be a CDMA radio problem that causes some glitch in battery level reporting with Nougat. jamesacres I wonder if I am having the same issue as I have the exact same problem but on the older first edition Nexus 5! It has been totally fine but recently randomly shuts off even if the battery is high percentage and doesn't show any shut down message. It seems to happen more often when you're using it when on the move (has been cold in England so might be related) and doesn't happen at all if it is plugged into​ battery pack. ali jawad I experience a sudden shutdown every now and then at around the 30% level. Annoying, but I still am getting a good charge that lasts until I get home after work. Just hoping it's not a potential fire hazard. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/47e975fdfd2774776983941155f26dd5864257470d2b4fe37b793945ef75e3ff.png carl green Have started to experience this issue over the last 3 weeks Battery drops normally from 100% then at anywhere from 20% to 50% switches off and shows 0% I have done a factory reset and followed the phone calibration recommended on the Google 6p forum, but the problem remains the same, wonder if a battery replacement would fix the issue? Ronald Looks like it's time to go the iPhone /iOS route. My 6P shuts down at 20% battery, funny because my battery saver is set to activate at 15% . SKStark I purchased my 6P a little late, 4/29/2016, and the early shutdown problem started almost exactly 1 year later and it degraded very quickly. At first my phone started shutting immediately down at the 15% battery saver trigger. Within a few weeks it degraded to the point that it was routinely dying at 80% charge or even higher. No cold temperatures involved in my case, my phone and I are almost constantly indoors where we're in the comfy 70's. I replaced the battery and the problems immediately went away -- I have not changed settings or software in any way. I'm firmly convinced Huawei hardware is to blame and that it mostly just happened to coincide with Android N updates. What blew me away was how quickly my battery degraded -- there was no grace to it whatsoever. In about two weeks it went from working normal to being completely unreliable unless I had it constantly tethered to a portable or regular charger. 420 Baker street I have had the same exact issue for the last 6 months, so i always carry a powerbank with me. I tried replacing the battery on my own because I have no time to send it in for repair. Sadly, it did not help. Now i see this is a general issue.. Mine is 1,5 years old, however we have 24 month required warranty here in denmark. Is there no solution to this shit? I need a smartphone! Can't google send me a new one? Gustavo Guarda Someone fixed it?? ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 112 queries | 0.853s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Alfred Ng CNET May 30, 2017, 2:33 PM Android creator wants Essential Phone to fix a "weird world" The Essential Phone, from the creator of Android. Essential Products Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Creating Android wasn't enough for Andy Rubin. He needed the right phone to go with it. That's why, on Tuesday, he introduced the Essential Phone. It's a high-end Android device that could keep alive the hopes for modular phones -- an idea that failed to take off with Google's Project Ara and has yet to really click into high gear with various Motorola projects. It could also help Rubin become a force in hardware the same way he ignited the world of mobile software. Around the globe, more than two billion devices run on Android. Some of the impetus for Rubin's new move, though, came from frustration over a situation he said was partly his own fault. He's looking, he said, to simplify a complicated world, one littered with unnecessary features and products that don't work together. "Just when I was about drop another criticism it hit me: I am partly responsible for all of this," Rubin wrote. "For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives." Rubin said he wanted to create a simple phone that wouldn't have forced bloatware, become outdated or live in a closed ecosystem. The specs Starting at $699, the Essential Phone boasts 4GB of RAM with 128GB of storage and a Snapdragon 835 chip. The 5.71-inch display spreads across the entire screen, even seeping into where the front facing camera is placed, with a 2,560 x 1,312-pixel resolution. Essential Phone with 360-degree camera attachment Essential Products Both its front and back cameras can shoot in 4K video, with a 13-megapixel dual camera on the rear and an 8-megapixel camera on the screen. The Essential Phone also comes with Bluetooth 5.0, and there's no headphone jack. It will be able to run on all major carriers. Its most prominent feature might be the magnetic connector on the back of the phone, near the camera. The connector allows for modular attachments to the Essential Phone, using wireless data transfers on the port. All accessories will be able to snap magnetically onto the phone, according to Essential. The company showed off this feature with a snap-on 360-degree camera that works with the magnetic connector. The add-on comes for an additional $50, with dual 12-megapixel fish-eye lens. Essential also released a phone dock that takes advantage of the magnetic connector, allowing the device to charge wirelessly. The Essential Phone comes with a titanium build, which the company said makes it more durable than the majority of high-end phones. It will come in black, gray, white and blue, without any logos showing. "Unlike aluminum, which is what most phones are made of, titanium doesn't scratch, dent, or bend," the company wrote. "That's why you won't find an area for phone cases on our site." Samsung's and Apple's phones are made from aluminum, if you needed the context behind the shade Essential's throwing there. Home coming Essential isn't just launching with a phone. Play Video CBSN Google unveils new products at I/O conference CNET senior editor Dan Ackerman joins CBSN to talk about the newest technology from Google, including advancements in artificial intelligence and... Rubin is also releasing a home assistant, which will thrust it into a field where Amazon and Google have been doing battle. While both companies have made their voice assistant programs open-source, leading to many clones, Essential is going with its own Ambient operating system. The Essential home assistant, looking like a small, slanted bowl with a screen, can be activated by voice, touch or look, the company said. It will be able to play music, set timers, answer questions and control your smart home -- most features a voice assistant already offers, but with the additional touch screen. The Essential Phone will likely be the first to launch, and only in the U.S. for now. It is expected to arrive in the next few months, but a specific launch date has not been set. There are no details on when the Home will be available. Rubin had been teasing Essential's launch for the last five days, with a photo hinting at the phone tweeted on May 25. 64 Photos The evolution of Apple products The company has moved technology forward since the launch of the Apple I in 1976 Special Reports: CNET's in-depth features in one place. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. This article originally appeared on CNET. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes How inflatables might be the future of space travel A Survivor's March In the Path of Fire After Bataan Death March, a soldier's homecoming Rooney rethinks Memorial Day Play Video White House shakeup Play Video Student debt tips Play Video Russia probe latest Play Video Trump and Merkel Play Video American doctors in Mosul Play Video Historic test Previous Next 66 Photos JFK at 100 29 Photos Memorial Day 2017: America honors the fallen 67 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 32 Photos Wonder Woman through the years 28 Photos Stunning views of Jupiter Previous Next Most Discussed Report: Jared Kushner proposed secret communications with Russia On first day back, Trump lashes out at "fake news media" Gianforte wins Montana's House seat, apologizes to reporter McCain weighs in on Kushner's reported request for Russia back channel Jared Kushner is under scrutiny in FBI Russia probe New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: Culture Art Zaha Hadid: How did she change modern architecture and its treatment of women? The larger than life artist, who was widely regarded as the greatest female architect of her time, reshaped architecture for the modern epoch and smashed the glass ceiling to smithereens Maya Oppenheim @mayaoppenheim Tuesday 30 May 2017 16:30 BST Click to follow The Independent Culture Dame Hadid was renowned for her disregard for dull functionality and penchant for experimentation Popular videos UK could be heading towards hung parliament after general election Jeremy Corbyn hits out at 'unreasonable' media intrusion Seven of Zaha Hadid's most dazzling creations Facebook launches 'Perspectives' to help it cover UK election fairly ​Initially dubbed the “paper architect”, Dame Zaha Hadid’s plans were once perceived to be unbuildable. For years her designs struggled to move beyond the sketch phrase and be transformed into bricks and mortar. Nevertheless, this did not last long. Thanks to her unshakeable determination and fierce dynamism, the Iraqi-born British architect became known as the architect who succeeded in building the unbuildable. Today Dame Zaha’s ongoing legacy which is imprinted in buildings around the world is being honoured with a Google Doodle. The tech giant chose 30 May because on this day in 2004 she became the first woman to win the coveted Pritzker Architecture Prize. (Google Doodle) Dame Zaha, who was widely seen as the greatest female architect of contemporary times, reshaped architecture for the modern epoch. The esteemed but divisive artist, who died of a heart attack at the age of 65 last spring, was known for designs such as the London Olympic Aquatic Centre and the Guangzhou Opera House.  Her plentiful buildings were commissioned by countries across the world including America, China and Switzerland and include the London Olympics, Glasgow’s Riverside Museum, the Cardiff Bay Opera House and the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar.  Dubbed a diva, the caffeine-loving, chain-smoking “Queen of the Curve” who won the Stirling Prize twice, was also famed for her larger than life personality.  Speaking about her tremendous acclaim in receiving the Gold Medal back in 2015, the artist, architect and designer said she still did not feel like she belonged to the establishment.  Nevertheless, she did admit: “I suppose I must be part of the establishment now. I’ve always been independent and because I’m ‘flamboyant’ I’ve always been seen as difficult. As a woman in architecture, you’re always an outsider. It’s OK, I like being on the edge.” This brings us to the question of how Dame Hadid revolutionised modern architecture itself and the role of women within it. Dame Hadid was renowned for her disregard for dull functionality and penchant for experimentation. The architect would not compromise her concepts or designs for practical constraints or technology. Instead, her swooping, curved, futuristic buildings tended to be structurally intricate.  Google Doodles 52 show all Google Doodles 1/52 Zaha Hadid Google celebrates the acclaimed architect for becoming the first woman to win the Pritzker Architecture Prize on this day in 2004 Google Doodle 2/52 Richard Oakes Google Doodle celebrating Richard Oakes' 75 birthday Google 3/52 Google Doodle celebrating the Antikythera Mechanism Google Doodle celebrating the Antikythera Mechanism Google 4/52 Ferdinand Monoyer The famous French ophthalmologist, who invented the eye test, would have celebrated his 181st birthday today Google 5/52 Google Doodle celebrating Giro d'Italia's 100th Anniversary Google Doodle celebrating Giro d'Italia's 100th Anniversary Google 6/52 Google Doodle celebrating Nasa's Cassini probe Google Doodle celebrating Nasa's Cassini probe Google 7/52 Google Doodle celebrating Fazlur Rahman Khan Google Doodle celebrating Fazlur Rahman Khan Google 8/52 Google Doodle celebrating Sergei Diaghilev Google Doodle celebrating Sergei Diaghilev Google 9/52 Google Doodle celebrating St. Patrick's Day Google Doodle celebrating St. Patrick's Day Google 10/52 Google Doodle celebrating Holi Festival Google Doodle celebrating Holi Festival Google 11/52 Google Doodle celebrating St. David's Day Google Doodle celebrating St. David's Day Google 12/52 Abdul Sattar Edhi Google Doodle of Abdul Sattar Edhi on February 28 2017 Google 13/52 Seven earth-sized exoplanets discovered Google Doodle celebrates Nasa's discovery of seven earth-sized exoplanets in new solar system Google 14/52 Bessie Coleman Google Doodle honours the first African American woman to get an international pilot licence on her 125th birthday Google 15/52 Caroling Google Doodle celebrates Christmas caroling Google 16/52 Today's Google Doodle features activist Steve Biko Google 17/52 Walter Cronkite Google celebrates Walter Cronkite's 100th birthday 18/52 Ladislao José Biro Google celebrates Ladislao José Biro 117th birthday 19/52 Google Google celebrates its 18th birthday 20/52 The history of tea in Britain Google celebrates the 385th anniversary of tea in the UK 21/52 Autumnal equinox 2016 Google marks the start of fall 22/52 Paralympics 2016 Google marks the start of the Paralympic Games 2016 23/52 Nettie Stevens Google celebrates Nettie Stevens 155th birthday 24/52 Father's Day 2016 Google celebrates Father's Day 25/52 Elizabeth Garrett Anderson Google celebrates Elizabeth Garrett Anderson 180th birthday 26/52 Earth Day 2016 Google celebrates Earth Day 27/52 Ravi Shankar Google marks Pandit Ravi Shankar's 96th birthday 28/52 Olympic Games in 1896 Google are celebrates the 120th anniversary of the modern Olympic Games in 1896 29/52 World Twenty20 final Google celebrates the 2016 World Twenty20 cricket final between the West Indies and England with a doodle Google 30/52 William Morris Google celebrates William Morris' 182 birthday with a doodle showcasing his most famous designs Google 31/52 St Patrick's Day 2016 Googlle celebrates St Patrick's Day on 17 March 32/52 Caroline Herschel Google marks Caroline Herschel's 266th birthday Google 33/52 Clara Rockmore Google celebrates Clara Rockmore's 105th birthday 34/52 International Women's Day 2016 #OneDayIWill video marks International Woman's Day on 8 March 35/52 St David's Day 2016 Google marks St David's Day Google 36/52 Leap Year 2016 Google celebrates Leap Day on 28 February 2 Google 37/52 Lantern Festival 2016 Google celebrates the last day of the Chinese New Year celebrations with a doodle of the Lantern Festival Google 38/52 Stethoscope Inventor, René Laennec Google celebrate's René Laennec's 235th birthday 39/52 Valentine's Day 2016 Google celebrates Valentine's Day with a romantic Doodle 40/52 Dmitri Mendeleev Google celebrate Dmitri Mendeleev's 182nd birthday 41/52 "The televisor" demonstartion Google Doodle celebrates 90 years since the first demonstration of television or "the televisor" to the public 42/52 Professor Scoville Google marks Professor Scoville’s 151st birthday 43/52 Sophie Taeuber-Arp Google marks Sophie Taeuber-Arp's 127th birthday 44/52 Charles Perrault Google celebrates author Charles Perrault's 388th birthday 45/52 Mountain of Butterflies discovery Google celebrates the 41st anniversary of the discovery of the Mountain of Butterflies 46/52 Winter Solstice 2015 Google celebrate the Winter Solstice 47/52 St Andrew's Day 2015 Google marks St Andrew's Day with doodle featuring Scotland's flag and Loch Ness monster 48/52 41st anniversary of the discovery of 'Lucy' Google marks the 41st anniversary of the discovery of 'Lucy', the name given to a collection of fossilised bones that once made up the skeleton of a hominid from the Australopithecus afarensis species, who lived in Ethiopia 3.2 million years ago 49/52 George Boole Google marks George Boole's 200th birthday 50/52 Halloween 2015 Google celebrates Halloween using an interactive doodle game "Global Candy Cup" 51/52 Prague Astronomical Clock Google celebrates the 605th anniversary of the Prague Astronomical Clock, one of the oldest functioning timepieces in the world 52/52 Autumnal Equinox 2015 Google marks the autumnal equinox on 23 September But she not just did away with boundaries, her flamboyant buildings arguably helped to popularise and thus glamorous architecture so it was something for onlookers to enjoy rather than merely utilise. Dame Hadid also massively changed the industry for fellow female architects. She gave them a role model and someone to inspire towards. As Despina Stratigakos, Associate Professor and Interim Chair of Architecture at the State University of New York and author of Where Are The Women Architects?, explains so lucidly in a piece for The Conversation in the wake of her death. “With Hadid’s passing, we have lost a role model in a field that has few others,” she says. “That is not to say that there are not a great many accomplished and inspiring women in architecture. But none have achieved Hadid’s prominence – as, indeed, have few male architects.”  “Against all odds and a great deal of prejudice, she broke one glass ceiling after another, no mean feat when that glass was as hard and thick as concrete.” In recent years, she became increasingly vocal about the professional challenges she was forced to deal with as a woman. Read more My world is smaller without Ronnie Corbett and Zaha Hadid Interestingly, in 2013 she told Business Insider she has faced "more misogynist behaviour" in London than anywhere else in Europe and that the state of play was not improving for women in architecture. “I am non-European, I don’t do conventional work and I am a woman,” she once told an interviewer. “On the one hand all of these things together make it easier - but on the other hand it is very difficult.” But Dame Hadid was not just a woman in an industry dominated by men, she was also a person of colour in a predominantly white field. It’s worth noting that as celebrated as Dame Hadid was, she was not free of controversies. She received great criticism from human rights campaigners when her $250 million cultural centre in Baku, Azerbaijan, forced families to be evicted from the site, and for a number of her other projects. Nevertheless, however you feel about Dame Hadid, it cannot ever be denied that she was a force to be reckoned and a tremendous pioneer in the architectural world. In the words of her mentor Rem Koolhaas she is "a planet in her own inimitable orbit". More about: Zaha Hadid Google Doodle Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 31, 2:51 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Security On Smartphones And Mobile Devices Is At Risk Because Of Apps By Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez AND Srikanth Sundaresan On 05/30/17 AT 12:59 PM Close Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to – letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers – or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing – but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com” – not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity – and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea – six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley and Srikanth Sundaresan, Research Fellow in Computer Science, Princeton University This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. The Conversation's logo. Photo: The Conversation Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories The Future Of Passwords For Smartphones Could Be A Doodle Samsung Reportedly Hires Department Of Defense To Improve Mobile Security Recommended Business 4 Reasons Why The Future Of Under Armour Looks Grim The “next Nike’s” growth story is coming apart at the seams. Technology iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 According to the leaked dimensions, iPhone 8 might have a 5.5-inch display. World At Least 40 Dead In Kabul Suicide Bombing Photos of the bombing circulated on social media show a huge plume of smoke in the sky. National Florida Receives First Cases Of Dog Flu H3N2 or dog flu that hit the U.S. in 2015 is back, however, this time it is in Florida. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Android Inventor Andy Rubin Unveils New Phone, Amazon Echo Competitor Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of Essential Products May 30, 2017 | 09:59AM PT Android inventor Andy Rubin took the wraps off of Essential Products, his new hardware startup, Tuesday morning, unveiling the company’s two first products: The Essential Phone, a high-end Android phone, and Essential Home, which promises Amazon Echo-type functionality with an integrated touch screen. But a number of trademarks — and a recently acquired patent — reveal even more ambitious plans. The phone, dubbed the Essential PH-1, combines a 5.7 inch display with an almost bezel-free titanium body, a fast Snapdragon processor, 4GB of RAM, 128 GB of memory and an interesting magnetic extension port that makes it possible to clip on an external 360-degree video camera. The phone will ship soon for $699, and Essential is adding the 360-degree camera for just $50 as an introductory special. After that, the camera accessory will sell for $150. There is no price tag for Essential Home yet, a puck-like device with an integrated touch screen that promises Amazon Echo-like functionality with an added layer of privacy. But the company says that it will be powered by something it calls Ambient OS, which is supposed to automatically recognize other devices in the home and help to interact with them. Rubin is best known as the inventor of Android, and led Google’s mobile software efforts for some 8 years. After leaving Google in 2014, he founded Playground Global, a startup incubator that eventually gave birth to Essential Products. Rubin had been hinting at the Essential phone for weeks, sharing sneak previews on Twitter. Essential Home was much more of a surprise, by design: To keep the product and its plans from prying eyes, Essential registered a shell company dubbed “Henry’s Products LLC,” named after one of the company’s office dogs. That shell company registered a number of trademarks relevant to Essential’s products and road map in recent weeks, including one for Ambient OS. Other trademarks registered by Henry’s Products included Home Connect, Home Display and Boundless, which apparently was meant as a way to describe Essential Home’s voice recognition software. But there’s something else hidden in these products: a lot of references to home monitoring and security products. True Display, for example, is being described as: “Remote video monitoring system consisting primarily of a camera and video monitor for recording and transmitting images and videos to remote locations; video cameras; computer software for mobile phones, tablets and other wireless devices, namely, software for use in recording, viewing, storing, sharing and analyzing online audio and video.” That’s not an accident, and it tells us a lot about where Essential aims to go with Home and future products. Case in point: Henry’s Products apparently recently acquired some intellectual property from Sentri, a startup that had been building an Android-powered home monitoring system. Sentri delivered around a thousand of its displays with integrated cameras to Kickstarter backers, but was never able to secure enough funding to take its product to the next level and eventually ran out of money. However, the startup owned some key IP, including a patent for a “portable security device” that got assigned to Henry’s Products in April. “The portable security device can compute a home rhythm pattern utilizing a machine learning engine based on a historical record of real-time sensor feeds,” the patent reads. Such a device could for example learn when a home-owner would normally leave the house, and alert them when motion was detected during that time, or register anything else out of the ordinary. Rubin’s team was still coy Tuesday on how exactly it was going to position its Home product. His company’s secretly-registered trademarks and the Sentri patent suggest that home monitoring — perhaps combined with a still-unannounced camera — will be a key part of it. Filed Under: Andy Rubin Essential Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Film Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ TV Kathy Griffin Says Trump Beheading Photo ‘Went Too Far’ TV NBC Moves ‘This Is Us’ Back to Tuesday Nights Film Pierce Brosnan Pens Tribute to Roger Moore Could a Perfect Storm Help Push Elisabeth Moss to Her First Emmy Win? Cannes Awards: Controversial Swedish Satire ‘The Square’ Wins Palme d’Or Cannes: Predicting This Year’s Palme d’Or Winner and Other Awards Why This Year’s Cannes Lineup May Be Too Edgy for Oscar Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content SPY Guide: The 5 Best Pieces from Dwayne Johnson's "Project… Donald Trump Gives The World "Covfefe"; Twitter Approves 5 Tips to Starting Your Own Business Scott Pelley Out at CBS Evening News 'The Americans' Finale Review: A Solid Theory and A Crazy Choice… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Difference between revisions of "Speaker Series" From MozillaWiki Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 14:06, 26 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: The Attention Merchants with Tim Wu) ← Older edit Revision as of 09:14, 30 May 2017 (view source) Wikibiz (Talk | contribs) (→‎Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu) Newer edit → Line 64: Line 64:   == <p>'''Upcoming Speakers'''</p> ==   == <p>'''Upcoming Speakers'''</p> ==   ===Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu===   ===Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu=== − * Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla + * Location: Mozilla Toronto + [https://air.mozilla.org/selling-your-attention-the-web-and-advertising/ Air Mozilla ]   * Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT   * Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT − * Topic: Coming + * Topic: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising   +     + <BLOCKQUOTE>You don’t need cash to search Google or to use Facebook, but they’re not free. We pay for these services with our attention and with our data.</p>   +     + <p>While advertising-supported media was once confined to a small part of our lives like newspapers and radio, our work and lives are increasingly online and ads take the front row in our daily lives.    + This business model can have a democratizing effect: it makes products and information accessible to many more people, who might otherwise be priced out. But it also means that the main audience for these companies is not you - the person using their services - but rather, advertisers who keep the lights on.</p>   +     + <p>History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us.</p>   +     + <p>What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do?</p>   +     + <p>Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who [https://www.recode.net/2016/6/14/11936484/net-neutrality-essay-tim-wu coined the term “net neutrality,"] as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet.</p></BLOCKQUOTE>   +     * Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/samb/ Sam Burton]   * Host: [https://mozillians.org/en-US/u/samb/ Sam Burton]   * Speaker:     * Speaker:   Line 74: Line 86:   <p>Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments.  He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School.</p>   <p>Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments.  He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School.</p>     − <p>Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at [http://www.newyorker.com/contributors/tim-wu NewYorker.com] and contributing editor at the New Republic.  He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine.  He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.</p> + <p>Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at [http://www.newyorker.com/contributors/tim-wu NewYorker.com] and contributing editor at the New Republic.  He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine.  He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.</p ></BLOCKQUOTE>       * Questions:     * Questions:   Revision as of 09:14, 30 May 2017 Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Topic Areas 1.2 Speaker Criteria 1.3 Program Objectives 2 Testimonials 3 Upcoming Speakers 3.1 Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu 3.2 Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long 4 Previous Speakers 4.1 Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon 4.2 Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications 4.3 Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal 4.4 Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) 4.5 Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google 4.6 November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward 4.7 October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation 4.8 September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel 4.9 July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University 4.10 May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired 4.11 April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal 4.12 March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners 4.13 February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack 4.14 January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook 4.15 December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August 4.16 October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp 4.17 September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt 4.18 August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics 4.19 July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX 4.20 May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston 5 Submitting a Speaker Idea Overview Mozilla hosts speakers from tech, non-profit and other related industries to address topics tied to our mission, our strategy and to our nearer-term business objectives. Topic Areas In 2017, we'll seek topics supporting our 2017 Strategy, working with Mozillians to refine these areas into specific topics: Grow Firefox & From Firefox e.g. user-centered design; user acquisition and retention; metrics & data; teamwork & collaboration; communication Grow New Arease.g. internet of things; artificial intelligence and virtual reality Grow Mozilla e.g. our Issues Agenda including Internet Health e.g. security and privacy, access Speaker Criteria We prefer speakers who: Have practical hands-on experience in their area of expertise (vs. just academic or consulting) Have significant experience public speaking and/or teaching, as well as in their domain of expertise Are willing to customize their material to Mozilla’s specific needs Motivate audiences to both learn and act (as distinguished from purely inspirational “TED”-like talks) Encompass diverse and underrepresented backgrounds, perspectives and geographies Are recommended by other Mozillians Do not promote a commercial or personal agenda The speaker(s) share live from a Mozilla office and are publicly streamed to Mozilla's other offices via Air Mozilla and archived for subsequent viewing. We encourage speakers to allot at least 15-20 minutes for Q&A. Typical in-person attendance at each office is 20-30; additionally roughly 100-200 other attendees tune in live remotely. Follow-on views are available to our thousands of community members and the public. Program Objectives The objectives of the Mozilla Speaker Series are to: Expose Mozilla staff to outside ideas, practices and technologies Facilitate learning, skill-building and professional development Testimonials "Adrian's vision of the future and the presentation of the incentives that would cause people to buy these devices was pretty insightful." --May 2017 "The talk was entertaining because of the way that it was presented, where a garden path of wonder, highlighting the myriad of useful things with a very subtle undercurrent of what the implications were." --May 2017 "These events add real value to me as an employee, and as a citizen of the net." --April 2017 "I now have a much better understanding of the controversy surrounding the Snowden leaks and have an idea of what I can do as a private citizen to combat the government's use of mass surveillance." --April 2017 "The topic was compelling and the level of expertise of the speaker made the information received very credible and thus easy to find relevant to my work." --April 2017 "Today's speaker challenged my expectations of the internet and of corporate behavior and stimulated good office discussion." --March 2017 "I dislike most presentations. This was among the best I have ever watched." --March 2017 "SUPER INTERESTING talk!!! Glad I had the opportunity to hear Nir speak!" --March 2017 "Today's panel helped me focus on the core problem, which is NOT technology but rather what technology is enabling -- people being jerks and why the technology makes it seem to be OK." --February 2017 "Diversification of inputs makes design more inclusive and helps avoid problems like being wrongly bucketed in a certain demographic. Interesting modes of UX design include the unintuitive slowing down of user interactions, to prevent hasty life decisions based on a heightened emotional response. This is valuable because it is a well thought out piece of a design process - something that I feel like I can take away!" --February 2017 "Laszlo's points were made with enthusiasm, rigor and data. He didn't shy away from the fact the some of the problems are difficult." --January 2017 "AWESOME TOPIC AND ELEGANT SPEAKER, well done!!" --January 2017 "It's rare for companies to be really good at learning from that failure and being diligent in discussing it. Hearing that part of the talk was really valuable to me. I'll try to make a conscious effort to learn from failure." --November 2016 "The concept of reframing failure so others can learn and de-personalizing the sense of responsibility we feel was helpful." --November 2016 "Before Harlo's talk, I also hadn't thought much about the role of freelance journalists and the complexities of protecting people and data who don't necessarily have the shelter of large news organizations. I think there are some implications for Mozilla community there." --October 2016 "Genevieve showed us how designing data-rich experiences for humans often ignores important nuances and dualities that are present in life." --September 2016 "There are human choices built in to the design of our technology systems, and Genevieve provided some examples of this (e.g. turning off mail servers) that I will use." --September 2016 "The opportunity to reflect on the unchanging constants of human behaviour and contrast them with the technology-driven product decisions we often make was illuminating." --September 2016 "When building the next technologies of services, data sets, etc we need to ask ourselves if it plays into what is meaningful to the human race of family/friends, secrets/lies, community. Or we need to solve the challenges that have plagued us, time/reputation/forgetfulness. This is a great basis for Mozilla to start from when "prototyping the future." --September 2016 "The most important thing I learned from Tina was about framing the question, because I often assume that solving the 'function' is solving the problem, when it is not. Zoom out to fall in love with the problem." --July 2016 "Kevin was my favorite speaker yet! Thank you! It was very apropos to the direction we're going with Firefox being the 'personal browser.'" --May 2016 "Please keep it running as long as possible - it's an excellent forum!" --May 2016 "Kirsten was GREAT. I don't think the lessons folks learned as mid-level managers in explosively growing social companies apply to Mozilla. But I do think Wohlberg's lessons apply to us." --April 2016 "This series is really great. Focus on Product seems to be the theme and is a much necessary one for us now. Thanks for bringing them. It really helps." --March 2016 "April addressed some questions that were particularly apropos to a project I'm working on. It was interesting to see how Slack faced the same problem!" --February 2016 "Jocelyn's talk was brilliant. She presented a very insightful and productive way to reframe the conversation about release management. Just what we needed right now. Great choice!" --January 2016 "The speaker was very good, had thought-provoking ideas, yet delivered those ideas in a tasteful and relaxed way. I am likely to share and recommend my friends to go watch the video recording later." --December 2015 "This speaker was especially relevant and valuable because she provided tangible and actionable information in addition to being thought-provoking." -- October 2015 "Seeing speakers like this are really heartening to see at Mozilla. I think it will drive some really impactful change." -- September 2015 "Bringing in subject matter experts from the outside help us push our sometimes-bubble-like thinking. It's very easy to get caught up in our own 'laws' and constraints but hearing best practices such as Hitten will help us open our eyes a bit more. I'm excited because his presentation was spot on and hopefully expanded our horizons a bit." -- August 2015 "Really learned to think differently about a lot of things and also 'argument' differently when discussing new features or ideas. Always think about the user value, and how what you are working on will hinder or improve the user experience." -- July 2015 "This felt like the most interesting speaker so far, perhaps because it was directly relevant to our day-to-day work. He was also quite a good speaker, which helps. Getting people to talk about areas where we think we could do better or use a different perspective seems like a good general strategy." -- July 2015 "I love getting an outside perspective from an expert in an area. We spend a lot of time talking to ourselves so that outside perspective is awesome." -- May 2015 "The talk was engaging and the Paris employees loved the 'Brantina' idea and felt more a part of the conversation." -- May 2015 Upcoming Speakers Tuesday, 13 June 2017: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising with Tim Wu Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Time: Noon PT / 3pm ET / 7pm UT Topic: Selling Your Attention: The Web and Advertising You don’t need cash to search Google or to use Facebook, but they’re not free. We pay for these services with our attention and with our data.</p> While advertising-supported media was once confined to a small part of our lives like newspapers and radio, our work and lives are increasingly online and ads take the front row in our daily lives. This business model can have a democratizing effect: it makes products and information accessible to many more people, who might otherwise be priced out. But it also means that the main audience for these companies is not you - the person using their services - but rather, advertisers who keep the lights on. History is punctuated by acts of refusal and outright revolt against this model, from the invention of the remote control, to the more recent rise of cord-cutting and ad-blocking software. Yet, whenever the attention merchants have seemed to lose their charm, they’ve always found a way to reinvent themselves and to recapture us. What does this mean for the future of the open Internet? What can we, as Mozillians who ourselves live largely off of advertising revenues today, do? Join us for a conversation with Tim Wu, historian, policy advocate and professor who coined the term “net neutrality," as he traces the history of the dynamics between advertisers, media and audiences, and calls on us to reevaluate what we are getting (or giving up) in exchange for our attention, especially in today’s always-on Internet. Host: Sam Burton Speaker: Tim Wu is an author, policy advocate, and professor at Columbia Law School who coined the term "net neutrality." Wu's best known work is the development of Net Neutrality theory, but he also writes about private power, free speech, copyright, and antitrust. His books The Master Switch and The Attention Merchants have won wide recognition and awards. Wu has worked in academia, federal and state governments. He worked at the White House for the National Economic Council; at the Federal Trade Commission, for the New York Attorney General’ as a fellow at Google, and for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry. He was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School. Wu is a contributing opinion writer for the New York Times, and was formerly a contributing writer at NewYorker.com and contributing editor at the New Republic. He has been named to the Politico 50 twice, to America’s 100 most influential lawyers, and also won awards from Scientific American magazine, National Law Journal, 02138 Magazine. He has twice won the Lowell Thomas Award for travel writing and in 2017 he was named to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Questions: During the event join us live on (1) IRC #AirMozilla and (2) Slack #speaker-series - be sure to direct questions to @samb Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Thursday, 20 July 2017: Are you an introvert? Working Across Personality Types with Jennifer Selby-Long Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Engineers are introverted. Agile = meetings all the time. Works well for extroverts. Over the past year a few hundred staff at Mozilla have used the Insights Discovery tool to better learn about their individual personality temperaments, and to be more effective on their teams. But can these tests really help us? What’s the real science behind them? Can they be abused? Or are there ways they can help us work together better? On July 20, Jennifer Selby Long, an expert in the ethical use of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator® (MBTI®), will lead us in a very interactive session on this material. She’ll help us explore these frameworks and the science behind them, with a focus specifically on their Introversion / Extraversion dimensions and workplace collaboration. Importantly, we’ll make it personal, rolling up our sleeves with some exercises to help us explore how our (and our team’s) MBTI preferences can help us work together better, regardless of job description, culture, or demographics. Hosts: Matt Frassica & Tyler Haugen Speaker: Jennifer Selby-Long Jennifer Selby Long is an executive coach, management consultant, and MBTI® expert who helps technology leaders navigate the challenges of seismic change to achieve their highest potential. She also advises on the impact of personality and gender on financial behavior. Jennifer is the past president of the Association for Psychological Type. She has been quoted by business and technology writers in the Fast Company, Information World, Dice.com, Univision, and the Bulletin of Psychological Type. She is an award-winning business writer and the author of Traveling Light, a blog helping leaders skyrocket their impact and lighten the load in their lives. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Previous Speakers Wednesday, 10 May 2017: When Surveillance Goes Private: A 2027 Retrospective from Adrian Hon Location: Mozilla London + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Transcript Topic: It’s 2027. In the UK, 8 out of 10 homes host a range of microphones, cameras and motion detectors. They help users secure their homes, find lost items, assist with cleaning, keep an eye out for accidents and falls, and a hundred other everyday tasks. They're integrated so seamlessly into daily life that they're considered indispensable – and they're cheap. Of course, consumption habits ranging from entertainment, clothing and food are not only known, but anticipated by intelligent systems. These habits are also owned, captured, analyzed and used by the corporations that run them. Interestingly, just a few decades ago in the 1990s, the UK’s introduction of Closed Circuit TV (CCTV) met with significant public outcry over concerns of privacy abuses. Yet now, less than half a century later, we’ve not only abandoned such talks: we’ve opted in to 24/7 surveillance of our homes. In our May 10 “future retrospective,” we’ll look at how we - in 2027 - became so collectively compliant to others owning data about our personal habits and lives. What factors led to us to give so much of our lives to corporations, with so little transparency or accountability? Why were we more open to private surveillance than public surveillance? And when we return to 2017, what can we learn from this evolution to map a different future? Host: Sarah Allen Speaker: Adrian Hon Adrian Hon is CEO and founder at Six to Start, co-creators of the most successful smartphone fitness game in the world, Zombies, Run!. The game has won awards for its stories and storylike games, and the team’s work has been displayed at the MOMA and Design Museum in London. He’s the author of A History of the Future in 100 Objects, and he used to write about technology for The Telegraph. Previously, Adrian was Executive Producer and Director of Play at Mind Candy from 2004 to 2007, where he designed and produced the Perplex City alternate reality game (ARG). Adrian’s interest in ARGs began with the genre itself in 2001, when as a moderator for the Cloudmakers community for ‘The Beast’ (an ARG for Steven Spielberg’s A.I.), he wrote a detailed walkthrough for the game, called ‘The Guide.' During that time, Adrian studied Natural Sciences at Cambridge, specialising in experimental psychology and neuroscience. In 2003, he began a neuroscience DPhil at Oxford, but left after a year to join Mind Candy. Adrian has also spoken at the main TED conference in Monterey in 2001 (about the human colonisation of Mars), as well as various SXSW, GDC, Economist, and other such tech and gaming conferences. Supplemental resources: The Transparent Society https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/amazon-echo-look-bedroom-camera http://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-echo-alexa-add-11-billion-in-revenue-by-2020-2016-9 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/amazon-could-refund-more-than-70-million-worth-of-kids-in-app-purchases_us_58e654a6e4b0fe4ce088f31d Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, April 26, 2017: American Spies: Jennifer Granick on U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Transcript Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: American Spies: U.S. Surveillance and its Global Implications Intelligence agencies in the U.S. (aka the American Spies) are exceedingly aggressive, pushing and sometimes bursting through the technological, legal and political boundaries of lawful surveillance. Because surveillance law has fallen behind surveillance technology, the U.S. government has unprecedented new powers. At our April Speaker Series, Jennifer Granick will address how Cold War programs led by J. Edgar Hoover and initiatives sparked by the September 11, 2001 tragedy have led us to today’s fusion centers and mosque infiltrators. She will also show how our current state of mass surveillance is fundamentally incompatible with a healthy democracy. A teacher, practitioner and expert in surveillance and security law, Granick will share how the reality of modern surveillance in the U.S. differs from popular understanding, and what U.S. - and global - citizens can do to minimize its negative impact both for Americans and non-Americans around the world. Host: Chris Riley Speaker: Jennifer Granick Jennifer Stisa Granick is the Director of Civil Liberties at the Stanford Center for Internet and Society (CIS) and author of American Spies: Modern Surveillance, Why You Should Care, and What To Do About It (2017). From 2001 to 2007, Granick was Executive Director of CIS and taught Cyberlaw, Computer Crime Law, Internet intermediary liability, and Internet law and policy. From 2007 to 2010 she served as the Civil Liberties Director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Granick practices, speaks, and writes about computer crime and security, electronic surveillance, security vulnerability disclosure, encryption policy, and the Fourth Amendment. In March of 2016, she received Duo Security’s Women in Security Academic Award for her expertise in the field as well as her direction and guidance for young women in the security industry. Before teaching at Stanford, Granick spent almost a decade practicing criminal defense law in California. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Advance reading: Excerpt in Wired from American Spies: Mass Spying Isn’t Just Intrusive—It’s Ineffective Guest post in Just Security: Reforming Surveillance In the Age of Donald Trump Video (1h21m) of American Spies book panel, "Modern Surveillance Under the Trump Administration" with Jennifer and United States Senator from Oregon, Ron Wyden Wednesday, March 15, 2017: Building Habit-Forming Products with Nir Eyal Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 5pm UT Topic: Building Habit-Forming Products Hundreds of millions of people use Firefox every day. But they don’t have to. They can - very easily - switch to another browser. But we know Firefox rocks and we want them to use it. Enter habits. Those human behaviors that become regular, ongoing actions that don’t require thought or intention. Or, per Merriam-Webster, “an acquired mode of behavior that has become nearly or completely involuntary.” Creating software that is habit-forming entails tapping into key human psychological drivers such as rewards, social validation and personal fulfillment. These drivers are at the foundation of developing experiences that drive product growth. Perhaps the biggest benefit is to software makers is significantly lower costs to acquire and maintain active users. But what about the user? Is it manipulative to create habits for people so they can use your products without giving it a conscious thought? To “get in their heads” to ensure they use our software? Do we want people to use our products involuntarily? Nir Eyal has built and invested in products reaching hundreds of millions of users including AdNectar, Product Hunt and EventBrite. He’ll draw on core psychological tenets to show how we can create products for users that are habit-forming. And he’ll show us how we can do this in a way that we feel good about - to “build the change we see.” Speaker: Nir Eyal For most of his career Nir worked in the video gaming and advertising industries where he learned, applied (and at times rejected) the techniques used to motivate and manipulate users. He writes to help companies create behaviors that benefit their users, while educating people on how to build healthful habits in their own lives. As an active angel investor Nir makes it personal, investing his own funds in habit-forming products he believes improves lives. His past investments include Eventbrite, Product Hunt, Refresh.io (acquired by LinkedIn), Worklife (acquired by Cisco), Marco Polo, Presence Learning, 7 Cups, Pana, and Symphony Commerce. Nir is the author of Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products and has taught at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and Design School. He’s sold two technology companies since 2003 and now helps teams design more engaging products. Nir talks of his advanced degree from the The School of Hard Knocks, but also received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Host: Chris More Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, February 22, 2017: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) Location: Mozilla San Francisco + Air Mozilla Time: 10am PT / 1pm ET / 6pm UT Topic: Inclusive Design: The Intersection of Product and Behavior (Panel Discussion) The Internet is a global public resource that must remain open and accessible. Its effectiveness as a public resource depends upon decentralized participation worldwide. — Excerpt, Mozilla Manifesto Mozilla cares not only about a functioning web, but a healthy one; a web where all people can both access and participate, resulting in an Internet that reflects the broad the diversity of its users. But the Internet isn’t always like this. Sometimes it's a place where groups of people are excluded. When Airbnb hosts deny service to guests based on their race, the web is no longer accessible. When neighbors make destructive assumptions based on race on local community site Nextdoor, or Twitter conversations devolve into trolling, the web is no longer a place of constructive participation. These companies want to make the web better too. Approaches include hashtag viewing controls on Twitter & filters for abusive comments on Instagram; Airbnb’s Instant Book that prevents harmful stereotyping; and Nextdoor’s reporting system designed to create more thoughtfulness around neighborhood conversations. Mozilla builds products and platforms directly for developers, communities and publishers worldwide. How can we create and sustain experiences that are open, accessible and participatory? And what measures of success can we advocate to support positive experiences for users, communities and publishers? At our Speaker Series panel, we’ll address these questions with product leaders representing consumer, developer, business and gaming audiences as part of a conversation around "ethical design” with community, product and engineering professionals charting new territory in this area. Panelists: Angel Steger (Product Design Lead, Pinterest) is an entrepreneur and product designer developing award-winning products that empower people to get things done. Passionate about complex problems and human behavior, she’s worked in spaces as varied as genetic research, relationship management, and language learning. She currently leads the User State Machine team at Pinterest. On the side, you’ll find her practicing yoga, exploring food in SF, and gardening. Randi Lee Harper (Founder, Online Abuse Prevention Initiative). Randi is founded the Online Abuse Prevention Initiative to fight harassment with technical solutions. This includes the Good Game Auto Blocker tool, built after a long career in tech (KIXEYE, Amazon, IronPort Systems). While Randi believes long term solutions involves cultural changes, but until that happens we can work develop shorter-term solutions to help targets of harassment. Current interests include tracking the way that certain communities interact, and helping define predictive behavior for outbreaks of online abuse. Moderator & Host: Andrew Losowsky, Lead, Mozilla Coral Project. Andrew has turned a street into a museum, a volcano into a magazine, and academic research into a life-sized board game. A John S. Knight Fellow at Stanford University in 2013, he now runs Mozilla’s Coral Project, which helps news organizations build better communities around their work. Because journalism needs everyone. Questions: During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #InclusiveDesign + #MozillaSpeakers Wednesday, January 18, 2017: Data and People: A Discussion with Laszlo Bock, Sr Advisor and former SVP of People Operations, Google Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 18 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Data and People: A Discussion with Google’s former SVP of People Operations Laszlo Bock When Google’s head of People came out with the bestselling book Work Rules! last year, he debunked many myths. Adopting an experiments-based approach with their people, his team was able to gather data challenging commonly accepted assumptions about hiring, compensation, performance evaluations, training and more. For example, in 2010 Google's research showed that junior, female software engineers were not getting promoted at the same rate as their male counterparts. Digging deeper, the team discovered differing self-nomination rates. Men, who in many cultures are typically more comfortable self-promoting, were nominating themselves at higher rates than their equally qualified but, on average, less self-promoting female peers. To address this, a senior leader shared the data with Googlers and encouraged all engineers to self-nominate when ready, and told managers to keep their eyes open for promo-ready Googlers. Eventually, promotion rates equaled out. Of course, Google isn’t Mozilla. For one thing, Google has over 60,000 staff in over 70 offices in 40 countries around the world. But the work and findings from Google - whose staff typically provide statistically-significant and rich data sets - can be useful references as we strive to create a Mozilla that is diverse, innovative and, at our core, puts people first. On January 18, Mozilla's Larissa Shapiro will interview Laszlo. She’ll dig deeper into the approaches and learnings Google has taken with people and data, and help us uncover how these types of approaches apply to the science and art of people management at mozilla. Speaker: From 2006 to 2016, Laszlo Bock served as SVP of People Operations, leading Google's people function responsible for attracting, developing, retaining, and delighting "Googlers.” He believes that giving people freedom and supplementing our instincts with hard science are steps on the path to making work meaningful and people happy. During Bock's tenure, Google was named the Best Company to Work more than 30 times around the world and received over 100 awards as an employer of choice. In 2010, Laszlo was named "Human Resources Executive of the Year" by HR Executive Magazine. He is the author of "WORK RULES! Insights from Inside Google to Transform How You Live and Lead," which has been named one of the top 15 business books of 2015. He has testified before Congress on immigration reform and labor issues and been featured in The Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the PBS Newshour and on the Today Show. Bock's earlier experience spans executive roles at the General Electric Company, management consulting at McKinsey & Company, start-ups, non-profits, and acting. He (briefly) held the world record for Greek Syrtaki dance (along with 1,620 others). * Note: Laszlo dedicates all proceeds of his book to charities relating to education and veterans, the former mainly focused on giving disadvantaged kids better access e.g. Peninsula Bridge. Host: Larissa Shapiro Questions: In advance submit questions here During the event join us on IRC #AirMozilla and direct questions to @diane Hashtag: #mozSS Transcript November 16: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation, with Ashley Good, Fail Forward Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, November 16 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Failure: The Hard Part about Innovation When you start a new job or project, you envision exciting things you and your team will accomplish together. When you do your planning, you state what you'll achieve and measure those achievements. And when you are rewarded, it's typically for a job "well done.” Why even set goals, objectives or KPIs if you aren’t planning on succeeding? Because the best, most innovative organizations do more than set and achieve goals. They also fail. Failure is actually a by-product of innovation. It's the "risk" element of the "risk - reward” equation. Cue the emergence of global failure events and meet ups. As humans conditioned to win and succeed since birth, navigating how to “fail well" is hardly intuitive. What constitutes a "good failure"? And at what point do you decide you’ve failed, rather than persevere? Or change your direction e.g. the notorious ‘pivot’? In a world where success is rewarded and everyone is in the game to “win,” what does it mean to “fail well”? At our November speaker series, we will explore how Mozilla can be a place where failure is not minimized, denied, or shunned, but instead treated as a valuable source of learning and insight to set us up for future successes. Specifically, Ashley Good of Fail Forward will get us started with very practical insights into how we can: Craft a language of failure Communicate failure for learning Develop the gift of feedback Speaker: Working in Cairo with the United Nations Environment Programme and as a management consultant in Vancouver, Ashley Good saw how fear of failure inhibits innovation, adaptation, and performance. In response, she launched Fail Forward to spark a shift in how we perceive and talk about failure, and to help organizations learn, innovate and build resilience. Since 2010 Ashley has worked with organizations – from grantmakers and nonprofits to government and private sector companies – to use failure as a learning tool and culture driver to support and foster innovation. She is well known for building the Organizational Learning Team at Engineers Without Borders Canada, and she continues to lead their annual Failure Report. Ashley is a contributor to the Globe and Mail Leadership Lab, Public Sector Digest, and World Economic Forum Agenda. Her work has received coverage in a wide range of media and news outlets, including National Post, The Globe and Mail, CBC Radio and Television, The New York Times, and Fast Company. She is recognized by Harvard Business Review and McKinsey as the recipient of the Innovating Innovation Award, hosted Canada’s first ever conference dedicated to intelligent failure, and is a half-ironman triathlete. She earned her Bachelor of Science from the University of British Columbia with honours. Mozilla Host: George Roter Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS October 12: Metadata is the new data... and why that (really) matters, with Harlo Holmes, Freedom of the Press Foundation Location: Mozilla Toronto + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, October 12 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Metadata is the new data ... and why that (really) matters Maybe it’s when the person you had a bad date with on Tinder shows up in your “people you may know” feed in Facebook. Or when you accept the default settings on your Android phone and share all of your transit habits with Google. Those moments might lead you to suspect considerable information about you and your behavior (aka “metadata”) is being harvested, shared and saved. But you had no reason to predict that. Nobody told you what was being gathered, or who it was being shared with. Or maybe they did, in a long, detailed unread terms of service. Today’s proliferation of mobile devices and platforms such as Google and Facebook has exacerbated this extensive, prolific sharing about users and their behaviors in ways most do not understand. Announcements about Facebook encrypting Messenger and WhatsApp appear to be encouraging ways of protecting your data... but they belie a different story of splintered approaches to metadata collection and silos among major platform providers. Similar disparities exist among how browsers treat metadata. So while the actual content of our messages may be encrypted, dangerous legal, financial, political and even medical implications to metadata remain. The impact of information about what you do (and when you do it) has yet to be explored or defined, let alone systematized. Fortunately mozilla is in a position to advocate for practices and policies that serve users first. We’ll hear specifically how from Harlo Holmes, Director of Newsroom Digital Security for the Freedom of the Press Foundation. Speaker: Harlo is the Director of Newsroom Digital Security at the Freedom of the Press Foundation. She strives to help individual journalists in various media organizations become confident and effective in securing their communications within their newsrooms, with their sources, and with the public at large. She is a media scholar, software programmer, and activist; and contributes to the open source mobile security collective The Guardian Project. She has helped journalists use tools to preserve their privacy and do their jobs better; is a member of Deep Lab, a collaborative group of cyberfeminist researchers, artists, writers, engineers, and more addressing issues such as privacy, surveillance, code and art; and was a Mozilla Knight Open News Fellow in 2014. Mozillian Host: Aurelia Moser Presentation deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS September 1: Being Human in a Data-Filled World with Genevieve Bell, Intel Location: Mozilla Portland + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 1 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: Being Human in a Data-Filled World In May, Kevin Kelly shared the possibilities that technology will offer us over the next 30 years. Not addressed were some of the unintended consequences of this progress. Facebook Live, Snapchat and Pokemon Go provide a few examples of how tech is outpacing our ability to socially (and legally) master it. Innovation unchecked can pose serious challenges to our very humanity. Best practices for user research and focusing on specific use cases have limited impact on our ability to shape the future we want. Dr. Genevieve Bell is responsible for corporate sensing and insights at Intel. She leads a cross-discipline foresights community that delivers insights into significant societal, technical and global trends. At Mozilla she’ll deliver what she terms “more of a meditation and conversation than a talk” on what it means to proactively preserve our humanity in a world that is increasingly digital. This sounds high level but it's also practical: we’ll learn about five things that don’t change and five things that do, and how paying close attention to them will help us be successful. Speaker: An accomplished anthropologist and researcher, Genevieve Bell joined Intel in 1998. During that time, she has helped drive Intel’s focus on user experiences and led various teams of social scientists and designers. She has been granted a number of patents for consumer electronics innovations throughout her career, with additional patents in the user experience space. She is the author of numerous journal papers and articles. She was named an Intel Fellow in 2008, a vice president in 2013 and a Senior Fellow in 2016. In addition to her position at Intel, Bell is a highly regarded industry expert and frequent commentator on the intersection of culture and technology. She has been featured in publications such as Wired, Forbes, The Atlantic, Fast Company, the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times. She is also a sought-after public speaker and panelist at technology conferences worldwide for the insights she has gained from extensive international field work and research. Mozillian Host: Dietrich Ayala Deck Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS July 20, 2016: The Invention Cycle with Tina Seelig, Stanford University Location: Mozilla MV + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, July 20 @ 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Invention Cycle: Going From Inspiration to Implementation Are you stuck on where to go with your product and need an infusion of creativity? Do you struggle with brainstorming new ideas? Coming up with new solutions? Bringing fresh ideas to life and ultimately to market is not a well charted course. In July, our guest Tina Seelig will share a new model, the Invention Cycle, that taps into our innate capabilities of imagination and creativity to help us innovate better. Tina’s framework captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and to bring breakthrough ideas to the world. We’ll learn: - Crisp definitions for imagination, creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship - Clear roadmap for progressing from the seed of an idea through implementation - Concrete attitudes and actions needed to bring ideas to fruition We’ll also be joined by a group of mozillians(1) who recently spent a half day working with Tina; they'll share how these learnings have translated directly into their roles at mozilla. (1) David Bialer, David Bryant, Greg Jost, Jean Gong, Jet Villegas, Martin Best, Rosana Ardila, Tim Murray, Jen Bertsch and Rina Jensen Speaker: Tina Seelig is passionate about creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship. As Professor of the Practice in the department of Management Science and Engineering, faculty director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and a founding member of the Hasso Plattner Institute of Design (d.school) at Stanford's School of Engineering, she works with others who embrace the idea that entrepreneurs do much more than imaginable with much less than seems possible. After earning her Ph.D. from Stanford University Medical School in Neuroscience, Tina has worked as a management consultant, multimedia producer, and was the founder of a multimedia company. She’s also written 17 books and educational games, including The Epicurean Laboratory and Incredible Edible Science, published by Scientific American; and a series of card games, called Games for Your Brain, published by Chronicle Books. Her newest books, published by HarperCollins are What I Wish I Knew When I Was 20 (2009), inGenius: A Crash Course on Creativity (2012), and Insight Out (2015). She’s been honored to receive significant recognition of her work, including the Gordon Prize from the National Academy of Engineering, the National Olympus Innovation Award, the SVForum Visionary Award, and several university teaching awards. Host: Rina Jensen Questions: Submit questions during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS Deck materials also in this post May 26, 2016: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years with Kevin Kelly, Wired Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 26 @ Mozilla SF - 10:30am PT / 1:30pm ET / 6:30pm UTC Topic: Twelve Technology Forces Shaping the Next 30 Years Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends already in motion. Wired founder Kevin Kelly has an optimistic roadmap for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. These deep trends—flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—overlap and are codependent on one another. And they will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate. By understanding and embracing them, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Join us as mozilla's John Jensen interviews Kevin on these trends: what exactly are they, how are they playing out in our world, and what can we do as technologists ourselves to ensure they contribute to the future we want. Speaker: Kevin Kelly is Senior Maverick at Wired magazine. He co-founded Wired in 1993, and served as its Executive Editor for its first seven years. His new book for Viking/Penguin The Inevitable will be released in early June 2016. He is also founding editor and co-publisher of the popular Cool Tools website, which has been reviewing tools daily since 2003. From 1984-1990 Kelly was publisher and editor of the Whole Earth Review, a journal of unorthodox technical news. He co-founded the ongoing Hackers’ Conference, and was involved with the launch of the WELL, a pioneering online service started in 1985. His books include the best-selling New Rules for the New Economy; the classic book on decentralized emergent systems, Out of Control; a graphic novel about robots and angels, The Silver Cord; an oversize catalog of the best of Cool Tools; and his summary theory of technology in What Technology Wants (2010). Host Interviewer: John Jensen Questions: Submit questions for Kevin & John during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS #theinevitable April 27, 2016: When Change is the Only Constant, with Kirsten Wolberg, PayPal Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, April 27 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: When Change is the Only Constant, Org Structure Doesn’t Matter While it may be true in tech that “change is the only constant,” some changes are bigger than others. Things like…deciding to develop an OS as well as a browser. And an app. Focusing on devices beyond phones. Changing our approach to advertising and content. Instilling an entire culture of experimentation and measurement across functions. These types of shifts can impact job roles, titles, tools - in short, they impact all the stuff of our daily work. Whether an organization is decentralized or command & control, these kinds of changes are never simple nor straightforward. There’s no silver bullets. And yet, when done thoughtfully and holistically, significant change management can make the difference between life and death of a product, an organization and its community. As a leader of major change efforts at PayPal, Salesforce and Charles Schwab, Kirsten Wolberg has moved a global organization to agile development and helped change the overall ownership of her organization. She'll draw off these experiences and share we might manage the changes happening at Mozilla. Speaker: Kirsten Wolberg currently serves as Vice President, Talent at PayPal, leading the talent acquisition, performance and learning teams. She also holds the role as Separation Executive for PayPal leading the PayPal separation program as part of the eBay/PayPal tax-free split. Kirsten was selected to lead the newly created Talent organization for PayPal to bring her deep background in technology, operations and transformational change leadership to the talent function. She is leading the innovation to reimagine Talent for the newly independent PayPal. Prior to her current roles she led the chief operating functions for PayPal Technology including technology strategy, planning, M&A, quality, transformation, employee engagement and the PayPal Open Source Office. Previously, she was Chief Information Officer (CIO) at salesforce.com and divisional CIO for Corporate Technology at Charles Schwab. Kirsten is on the Board of Silicon Graphics International. She is also Trustees for. Additionally she is a Board Member of the Greater Bay Area chapter of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Year Up Bay Area, and Jewish Vocational Services. Kirsten holds a BS degree in Finance from USC and an MBA from J.L. Kellogg School of Management. Host: David Slater Questions: Submit questions for Kirsten during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #mozSS March 24, 2016: The Role of a Product Manager with Josh Elman, Greylock Partners Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, March 24 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 5:00pm UTC Topic: The Role of a Product Manager - and Everyone Else "The job of a product manager is to help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users.” Seems simple - but anyone who has worked on a product knows it’s not. At what point are you ready to ship? What is the right product? How do you know when you’ve built it? And often more complicated than it sounds: who are your users? The best PMs are less product thought leaders and visionaries (though they certainly may be), but moreso shepherds of stakeholders and builders of processes to sort through these critical challenges. While they typically don’t produce tangible artifacts such as code or mockups, the ultimate success of the team and product can hinge on the effectiveness of the product manager. In short, product management done well helps make companies and products much better. But when done badly, it can significantly hurt a company and team. Speaker: As an investment partner at Greylock, Josh Elman invests in entrepreneurs building social networks and platforms, mobile apps, new media, and connected devices. Josh specializes in designing, building, and scaling consumer products, having been part of multiple companies that have grown to more than 100 million users. Before joining Greylock, Josh spent 15 years in product and engineering roles at leading companies in social, commerce, and media. Josh was the product lead for growth and relevance at Twitter, growing Twitter’s active user base by nearly 10x. Prior to Twitter, Josh worked on the platform at Facebook and led the launch of Facebook Connect. Josh was an early employee at LinkedIn and helped establish early models for user growth and launched v1 of LinkedIn Jobs. Josh also held roles leading product management for Zazzle, and product and engineering for RealJukebox and RealPlayer at RealNetworks. Josh currently serves on the boards of Medium, Meerkat, Operator, and Super. Josh also works closely with our investments in Nextdoor and Whosay. Josh led Greylock’s investment in SmartThings, which was acquired by Samsung in 2014. Josh holds a BS in Symbolic Systems with a focus on Human Computer Interaction from Stanford University. Deck Host: Justin Crawford Questions: Submit questions for Josh during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina, #mozSS February 25, 2016: Building Product with Partners - Interview with April Underwood, Slack Location: Mozilla SF + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, February 25 @ Mozilla SF - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: Building Products with Partners: Interview with Slack's April Underwood Building products is complex. Building products with partners, considerably moreso. Varying resources, goals, strategies and cultures pose challenges. But partnering well on products is often worth the effort. This month April Underwood, head of all product & partnerships at Slack, will draw from her experiences at Google, Twitter, Travelocity and more to help us navigate the complexities of marrying products and partnerships. She'll be interviewed by our very own Bertrand Neveux, who has built products with partners for most of his career at and leading up to Mozilla. Speaker: April Underwood is head of Platform at Slack, a messaging platform that has evolved into a diverse ecosystem of partners. There, she drives key growth initiatives and oversees platform products, partnerships, API integrations and developer relations. She previously worked on products for Travelocity, Apple, Google, Climate Corp (Weatherbill). Just before joining Slack, April led teams of Product Managers as Director of Product on Twitter’s fast-growing Advertising (Ads API, ads.twitter.com) and Data (Firehose, Gnip) products. She was also a PM for the Tweet Button and Twitter API, and built Twitter's Business Development team from the ground up to strike strategic partnerships with firms including Google, Microsoft, Amazon, EA, Salesforce and Adobe. And while she used to write code (and sometimes writes term sheets as an angel investor), her first love is building and leading product teams and working with engineers and designers to build and launch great products that people want to use. Host: Bertrand Neveux Questions: Submit questions for April during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtags: #mozSS #brantina January 27, 2016: The Right Way to Build Software with Jocelyn Goldfein, ex-Facebook Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Wednesday, January 27 @ Mozilla MV - 10:00am PT / 1:00pm ET / 6:00pm UTC Topic: The Right Way to Build Software: Ideals Over Ideology Add-ons. Advertising. Dogfooding. Email clients. Mozillians form strong opinions on all sides of these (and other) topics, often for legitimate reasons. We’re not alone. Leading software firms such as VMWare and Facebook also grapple with contentious technology and process issues, and Jocelyn Goldfein has firsthand experience of this. She's led engineering teams building software for both consumers and the enterprise; apps and the web; and for license fees and for free. These teams are like us: they debate how to best release software - and a host of other issues. Drawing from these experiences, Jocelyn will provide frameworks for how Mozilla can navigate these discussions effectively to drive better outcomes. Speaker: Jocelyn Goldfein has held senior engineering leadership roles spanning from high-growth companies like VMware and Facebook to small startups. She is a widely recognized industry spokesperson on scaling engineering operations, mobile engineering, and diversity in tech. Goldfein currently is an independent angel investor and advisor to startups. As Director of Engineering at Facebook she led Facebook’s push on mobile infrastructure and quality, initiating major new investments in architecture and tooling and helped guide Facebook’s transition to “mobile first.” She launched new product initiatives in search, news feed, and photos. She also drove strategic engineering operational initiatives, including overhauling Facebook’s approach to technical recruiting. More on Jocelyn at her website. Deck Host: Nick Nguyen Questions: Submit questions for Jocelyn during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. Hashtag: #brantina December 3, 2015: Optimizing for Uncertainty with Mike Arauz, August Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, December 3 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Optimizing for Uncertainty: Deciding and Moving Quickly The web is increasingly complex and dynamic. How can larger software organizations keep up with this rapid, perpetual change? In the natural realm, 'complex adaptive systems’ allow for flux and change in tumultuous environments. Our December speaker will draw on these models to illustrate how modern organizations can decide and move quickly. Mike will share how leading tech and product organizations are not simply adapting to increased change, but innovating and thriving in these dynamic environments by: operating around networks vs hierarchies distributing authority processing information effectively embracing structured and facilitated methods for collecting feedback and gaining consent on group action. Speaker: Mike Arauz is a Founding Member and Acting President at August, a New York based consulting firm that builds high-performing teams for the world’s most meaningful missions. Previously, Mike was a Partner at Undercurrent, where he worked with leaders of global companies to transform how their organizations work and thrive in the 21st century, including GE, Pearson, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Mike is also a co-author of the Responsive.org manifesto and a leading contributor to the global self-management and future of work movement. Deck Host: Jim Cook, CFO, Mozilla Recommended pre-watch: Mitchell’s 2nd Portland Keynote on Decisionmaking October 22, 2015: Data as Empathy with Frances Haugen, Yelp Location: Mozilla Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, October 22 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Data As Empathy To build products people love, you must understand those people. User research and user-centered design help get us there, but once we have a sense of how our audiences think and behave, how can we go beyond the anecdotal to extrapolate to the macro? What ways can we better understand the needs of millions of users who think, act and operate differently than us? Our October speaker Frances Haugen will share from her product management and software engineering experiences with products used by millions of Google and Yelp customers. She'll help us understand how data - done 'right' - connects us to millions of users we don't know personally. And she'll outline what doing data right means for product development, and how product owners can build things their users love. Speaker: As both a Senior Product Manager, Software Engineer and Data Scientist for companies including Yelp and Google, Frances has worked at the intersection of data, design and humans throughout her career. An Electrical and Computer Engineering undergrad, Frances says she sees the world as comprised of hi and low cast filters. Host: Matt Grimes, User Advocacy Deck Questions: Submit questions for Frances during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. September 24, 2015: Should I Put it on Yammer? The Neuroscience of Online Communications with Deanna Zandt Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, September 24 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: “Should I put it on Yammer?” How do you respond when people at Mozilla ask you this? Do you sigh, roll your eyes, let out a small resigned laugh? Most of us know that many seemingly-benign posts (this one now the stuff of legends) can sometimes devolve into a debate nobody expected, necessarily wanted or knows what to do with. Not always, but enough to cause some communications platforms to be feared by some and occasionally counterproductive. This outcome, of course, is not confined to Yammer, nor is the behavior confined to Mozilla. Our September Brantina speaker, Deanna Zandt, has generously volunteered to speak with us about the neuroscientific dynamics of online communications. She’ll provide a deeper understanding of how our brains work when we’re engaged in online discussions which can help us communicate better, make better decisions, be more productive, and ultimately engage with more people driving richer, more dynamic outcomes. Speaker: Deanna Zandt creates and implements web strategies supporting civic engagement and cultural agency, drawing off her background in linguistics, advertising, telecommunications and finance. She’s worked with The Ford Foundation, Deutsche Telekom, Planned Parenthood, and Jim Hightower’s Hightower Lowdown; and has also advised the White House on digital strategy and public engagement. Deanna has been a regular contributor to Forbes.com, as well as NPR’s flagship news program, “All Things Considered” and is a frequent guest on MSNBC, CNN International, BBC Radio and Fox News. Host: Doug Turner Deck Questions: Submit questions for Deanna during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. August 13, 2015: Build, Measure, Learn: Being a Growth Organization with Hiten Shah, KISSMetrics Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, August 13 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Topic: Hiten Shah will share his ideas and experience with growth hacking, a scrappy marketing technique developed by technology startups, and how it specifically applies to Mozilla. Larger companies that embrace this approach (examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Airbnb and Dropbox) use creativity, analytical thinking, and social metrics to gain product exposure and grow their market share quickly. Speaker: Hiten Shah is cofounder and president of analytics companies KISSmetrics and Crazy Egg; he also advises startups. Host: Jascha Kaykas-Wolff Deck Questions: Submit your questions for Hiten in advance here, or during the event on IRC #AirMozilla. July 23, 2015: Rapid Prototyping with Tom Chi, GoogleX Location: San Francisco + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, July 23 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Tom Chi has worked in disciplines ranging from astrophysical research to Fortune 500 consulting to developing new hardware and software (web & client) products and services. He’s worked on large projects of global scale (Microsoft Outlook, Yahoo! Search), and scaled new projects from conception to significance (Yahoo! Answers from 0 to 90 million users). He also co-founded GoogleX, the semi-secret group responsible for cutting edge projects including the autonomous driving vehicles, contact lenses that monitor glucose through tears and balloons in the stratosphere that provide Internet access. Topic: Tom will talk about his approach to rapid prototyping using 'native' materials like paper and foam core to create and test experiences. Using this method, he has led teams to work more effectively and quickly, building state of the art (see above for examples) products as part of an ongoing innovation process. Host: Josh Carpenter Deck Workshop adapted from Tom's talk, from Mozilla Learning Network Questions: Submit your questions for Tom in advance here. May 21, 2015: Onboarding and Team Debt with Kate Heddleston Location: Mountain View + Air Mozilla Day, Date & Time: Thursday, May 21 @ 9:00am PT / 12:00pm ET / 4:00pm UTC Speaker: Kate Heddleston, a software engineer in San Francisco, does a lot of speaking on the people-dimensions of software development and engineering management best practices. Her focus is on how software gets made, as well as on what it does. Topic: Kate shares her thoughts on the topic of onboarding new hires - what it takes to do that well, particularly in an engineering environment - and the 'team debt' that results when we do it poorly. Kate also shared some of the fairly immediate things individual teams can do to reduce the debt. Deck. Questions submitted to Kate in advance are here. Submitting a Speaker Idea We will give special consideration to speaker ideas submitted by Mozillians! Criteria for speakers is outlined above. Tell us how and why your speaker will appeal to a broad set of Mozillians here or even better, just send Diane a note. Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Speaker_Series&oldid=1172188" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Android creator unveils new phone, home assistant device Shares0 Tue, 30 May 2017-11:34pm , Reuters The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Andy Rubin, the co-creator of the Android mobile phone operating system, has launched a new company called Essential Products to sell a high-end smartphone and a home assistant device. Palo Alto-based Essential said the new Essential Phone features an edge-to-edge screen, a titanium-and-ceramic case and dual cameras. The phone sells for $699 and will run the Android operating system. The price pits it against high-end smartphones including Apple Inc's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy S8. Essential also launched a household assistant called Home that looks like an angled hockey puck with a screen. The device will compete against the Amazon.com Echo and Alphabet's Google Home speaker, which are powered by the Alexa and the Google Assistant voice services respectively. Essential confirmed the Home device will let the user choose between Alexa, Google Assistant or Siri. It was not immediately clear how Siri would be available on Essential. While Amazon and Google have released the software needed to embed their assistants on devices they do not make, Apple has not done so. Essential declined to elaborate on how it plans to embed Siri on the device, and Apple declined to comment. The Essential Home takes a page from Apple's privacy play book. Like an iPhone, the Home will do much of the processing for voice and image recognition on the device itself rather than sending data to remote servers. Essential also said the Home device will communicate with home appliances like lights and thermostats directly over the home network, rather than sending data to remote servers. Apple's HomeKit system takes similar approach. Rubin, Essential's CEO, co-founded Android and sold it to Google in 2005. He ran Google's mobile efforts until 2013 before a brief stint running the firm's robotics division. He left Google in 2014 to focus on starting hardware companies. Investors in Essential include Chinese tech company Tencent Holdings, iPhone contract manufacturer Foxconn , Redpoint Ventures and Altimeter Capital. Essential plans to announce a ship date for the devices in the next few weeks. The company did not say whether it planned to sell the phone directly to customers online or in physical stores. Essential for the first time revealed its staff on its website, listing Wolfgang Muller as head of channel sales. Muller previously ran North American retail operations for phone maker HTC, according to his LinkedIn profile, suggesting that Essential plans to sell phones through retail stores, carriers or both. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Mobile Upcoming iPhone 8 to feature new display format: Report Science 'Heat island' effect may double climate change costs for world Technology 41 banned terror outfits in Pakistan operate openly on Facebook: Report Technology SC issues notice to Rajasthan government over removal of mobile towers near prison centres Technology New 'robot priest' gives auto-blessings in German church Technology MuveAcoustics unveils limited edition 'Impulse' on-ear headphone Next Article > Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Next node Manchester attack: Ariana Grande to headline relief concert in UK city this Sunday Related Popular Chinese lesbian dating app with over 5 million registered users removed from the internet Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Android co-founder Andy Rubin's Essential may launch 'bezel-less' smartphone on May 30 Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Google Siri Alexa Foxconn HTC Redpoint Ventures Samsung Apple Inc Amazon Andy Rubin Google Assistant Wolfgang Muller Altimeter Capital Apple HomeKit Apple Inc iPhone Essential Products Samsung Galaxy Tencent Holdings SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Northern Army Commander lauds troops for killing Hizbul commander Sabzar Bhat Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers Survey Reports Partner Content Webinars Polls Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre About Awards Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Media kit Get our newsletter 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Android creator launches his own phone Written by Scott Bicheno 1 day ago Andy Rubin, the man behind ubiquitous mobile OS Android, has unveiled his first take on the smartphone since leaving Google. Among other projects Rubin created a gadget startup called Essential, which has also launched a home assistant device called Home that seems designed to take on similar offerings from Amazon and Google. In keeping with that no-nonsense naming policy the phone is called Phone. The Essential Phone is positioned to attack the premium Android (unsurprisingly) market that is currently dominated by the Samsung Galaxy S series. It has premium specs, including a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC, a titanium body that claims to be tougher than its competitors, and a 5.7-inch screen with a minimal bezel. The novel feature, however, is a degree of modularity – i.e. hot-swappable components. Right now this seems to consist of a 360-degree camera attaches itself to the phone magnetically and the clear inference is that other such components will one day be made available that interact with the phone in the same way. In a blog explaining why he decided to start this company rather than just slob on the beach for the rest of his life Rubin explained that, as the creator of Android, he feels partly responsible for consumer tech not being as user-friendly as it should be these days. “For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives,” said Rubin. He then vowed to do things better by focusing on simplicity and quality. The Essential Phone is initially only available in the States, costing $699 or 50 bucks more if you want the 360-degree phone. It seems to tick all the boxes for a premium phone but so do loads of others. Remove the camera and the Rubin stardust and you’re left with a new entrant in a very crowded and competitive field.   Tags: Android, Essential, smartphone Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Apple protests too much about Android in switch campaign Sony ditches ‘premium standard’ smartphone category HTC might have actually found a bit of differentiation Apple dominates Q1 2017 smartphone model sales Webinars View all Customer Experience in Telecommunications: Defining the Gaps & How to Close Them 22 June 2017 White Papers View all The State of Digital Transformation in Telecommunications Share 08 May 2017 White Paper – Digital Transformation Requires a “Subscriber-First” Approach Share 30 Mar 2017 Digital Transformation Operator Survey Report Share 24 Feb 2017 Events View all SD-WAN Strategies for Success 06-06 June 2017 View Event The 7th Annual Provider Forum on Data Centers and Cloud Services Infrastructure 08-09 June 2017 View Event Negotiating Network & Infrastructure Deals Conference 11-13 June 2017 View Event Polls View all How have open source groups influenced the development of virtualization in telecoms? They have been essential to the process and it would have failed without them They have been positive and helped move things along They are just one part of the mix - neither positive nor negative It's not always clear what value they add and should be less involved They are a drain on resources and actively hinder the process  Loading ... Twitter View all Europe says #Vivendi can help itself to Telecom Italia if it wants https://t.co/ajcAZsE4Nh #corporate #tv #video 30 May 2017 @ 17:16:26 UTC #Android creator launches his own phone https://t.co/biiHmh04qn #handsetsdevices #essential #smartphone 30 May 2017 @ 16:14:48 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / CIO Issues / 'Judy' Malware Hits Android Devices Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com 'Judy' Malware Potentially Hits Up to 36.5M Android Devices By Chloe Albanesius PUBLISHED: MAY 30 2017 Up to 36.5 million Android devices may have been infected by malware that produced fake ad clicks and lined the pockets of its developers. As outlined by security firm Check Point, 41 apps developed by Korea-based Kiniwini and published under the moniker ENISTUDIO Corp., "infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it." It's "possibly the largest malware campaign found on Google Play," according to Check Point. Google "swiftly" removed the apps from Google Play after being alerted to their existence, Check Point says, but not before they "reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads." Some were available on the store for several years and all were recently updated. "It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown," Check Point says, but those download numbers mean "the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users." The malware was dubbed Judy by Check Point after the title character in Kiniwini's apps. Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker, for example, encourages players to "create delicious food with Judy." But Judy-themed games ran the gamut, from "Animal Judy" and "Fashion Judy." How does Judy infect your device? Hackers create an innocuous app that can get around Google's Bouncer security screening and is added to an app store. "Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the [Command and Control] server," Check Point says. "The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure." Check Point likens Judy to two previous exploits: FalseGuide and Skinner. And like another bug, DressCode, Judy hid behind good reviews. "Hackers can hide their apps' real intentions or even manipulate users into leaving positive ratings, in some cases unknowingly. Users cannot rely on the official app stores for their safety, and should implement advanced security protections capable of detecting and blocking zero-day mobile malware," Check Point says. Kiniwini develops apps for iOS and Android, Check Point says, but it did not mention any problems with the iOS apps. As of Sunday afternoon, 45 ENISTUDIO Corp. Judy apps are available in the App Store, most of which appear to have last been updated on March 31. © 2017 Post & Courier under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Malware, Android, Google Play, Cybersecurity, Online Advertising Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Uber CEO's Mom Dies in Accident 2. Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step 3. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? 4. Cyclones Churn Over Jupiter's Poles 5. New CEO Wants Ford Fit and Fun MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN CIO ISSUES 1. 'Judy' Malware Hits Android Devices 2. Subtitle Hack Threatens 200M Devices 3. Security Update for Apple Devices 4. NKorea Link to Global Cyberattack? 5. HPE Debuts New Deep Learning Tools SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan WWGD? Chrome needs to come to Windows 10 S The search giant has shrugged its shoulders when it comes to Microsoft's platforms. But the expected appeal of Windows 10 S would burden Chrome users and cut Google off from vital user intelligence. By Ross Rubin | May 30, 2017 -- 17:01 GMT (10:01 PDT) | Topic: PCs Like Apple before it, Microsoft has had a hard time breaking through the chicken-and-egg dilemma of desktop operating system stores that still allow independent app distribution. But it has developed a clever strategy to do so -- not by eliminating alternative distribution via Windows 10 Pro and Home, but by making a case to users that should gradually lead to more adoption of the more constrained Windows 10 S. As with the iOS app store, the Windows Store forbids the use of HTML rendering engines other than Microsoft's own. That's bad news for the developers and users of browsers such as Firefox and Opera, but its impact weighs particularly heavily on Google's Chrome, which may be the most popular app that will be shut out by Microsoft's streamlined version of Windows. Up until now, Google hasn't cared much about getting shut out of the Windows 10 S store. After all, the company has developed virtually none of its apps for Windows and has even made life difficult for Microsoft in trying to develop its own mobile app-based workarounds. Read also: Taking music services on the go without a phone: Then and now | You may not need the Echo Show, but Amazon does | Meet IoT's latest target: A wooden stick | Echo Look brings a camera into your bedroom, asks what you're wearing However, Windows 10 S is poised for growth. It's a key part of the beachhead of Microsoft's K12 education initiative. Google doesn't want to risk getting shut out of students' hands simply because administrators have chosen cheap Windows laptops versus Chromebooks. And Chrome takes on particular significance precisely, because Google doesn't actively support Windows with other apps. It is the gateway to many of Google's services on the desktop, including its namesake search function. Things might be different if Google had a mainstream alternative to Windows for computing devices, but the recent addition of Android apps to Chromebooks is, at best, a bandage. And any rumored OS reboot to supplant both of Google's operating systems would take years to challenge Windows seriously. ed bott Windows 10 S: Chromebook killer or the second coming of Windows RT? With Windows 10 S, Microsoft is trying to once again build a wall around the wide-open PC ecosystem. Its last attempt was a spectacular failure. Can it succeed the second time around? Read More So, as it has on iOS, Google should create a version of its browser that is Chrome on the outside but not on the inside. As Chrome for iOS relies on Safari's rendering engine, so a version of Chrome for Windows 10 S should rely on Edge's. Of course, this is not an ideal issue in that Google gives up some control and consistency across platforms. Indeed, such inconsistency is even harder to rationalize among desktop operating systems given that users at least tend to expect some reduction in functionality when using tablets and smartphones. Furthermore, relying on Edge's browser might require Google to find ways of implementing Chrome-exclusive features in another way. As Windows 10 users know, Microsoft and Google are often needling each other on the platform, with Google, for example, noting that Chrome is required to use Google Docs offline. However, Chrome -- and its users -- would retain many elements, including the user interface, bookmark syncing, and Google service defaults would be maintained. Having even an Edge-driven Chrome on Windows 10 S lets Google ensure that Chrome is the only major "native" OS browser available across the Google, Apple, and Microsoft ecosystems. There is no need to rush and convey the kind of early endorsement that Spotify has. But Google should heed what Apple has done. A company famous for its disinterest in supporting platforms other than its own, Microsoft's PC rival has decided to offer iTunes via Windows 10 S. While Microsoft is spotlighting support for Android phones and iPhones in its next major Windows update, Apple likely wants to ensure that users of the Windows 10 Pro offshoot have access to the full iPhone experience. Google has been focused on mobile for many years. While it diligently brings virtually all of its apps to the iPhone, it doesn't engage in much Mac development, dismissing desktops as passé. But the game is changing as Microsoft steps up its knowledge of Windows and web users with Microsoft Graph. Google's embrace of AI -- and its race with Microsoft to lead in it -- means that, more than ever, it needs to gain access to a full spectrum of user behavior. Chrome is its best near-term option for gathering that on the world's dominant PC platform. Related stories: A simple file naming bug can crash Windows 8.1 and earlier Here's how you can still get a free Windows 10 upgrade Windows 10 Creators Update: Microsoft's latest update fixes a load of bugs It's not just Windows anymore: Samba has a major SMB bug Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Processors Computex 2017: Intel rediscovers the desktop Innovation Intel unveils monster 18-core Core i9: 'First teraflop-speed' consumer PC chip Hardware Meet the army of Surface Pro clones and lookalikes PCs Making sense of Microsoft's Surface lineup × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Homeland Security News Wire Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water CybersecurityJudy malware may be the largest malware campaign found on Google Play: Check Point Published 30 May 2017 Share | Check Point researchers last week discovered a widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google’s official app store. Check Point says that the malware, dubbed “Judy,” is an auto-clicking adware which was found on forty-one apps developed by a Korean company. The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Check Point researchers last week discovered a widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google’s official app store. Check Point says that the malware, dubbed “Judy,” is an auto-clicking adware which was found on forty-one apps developed by a Korean company. The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Some of the apps Check Point discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Check Point also found several apps containing the malware, which were developed by other developers on Google Play. The connection between the two campaigns remains unclear, and it is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly. The oldest app of the second campaign was last updated in April 2016, meaning that the malicious code hid for a long time on the Play store undetected. These apps also had a large amount of downloads between 4 and 18 million, meaning the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. Check Point notes that Judy, similarly to previous malware which infiltrated Google Play, such as FalseGuide and Skinner, relies on the communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. After Check Point notified Google about this threat, the apps were swiftly removed from the Play store. Share | More Stories: Business Hackers Leave a comment Register for your own account so you may participate in comment discussion. Please read the Comment Guidelines before posting. By leaving a comment, you agree to abide by our Comment Guidelines, our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Use. Please stay on topic, be civil, and be brief. Names are displayed with all comments. Learn more about Joining our Web Community. Recent stories Zika reached Miami at least four times, Caribbean travel responsible Mannequin enhances training, accessibility for TSA officers Mass trauma’s emotional toll can disrupt children’s sense of competence No funds for California's earthquake early-warning system in Trump's proposed budget Israel to install earthquake early-warning system Judy malware may be the largest malware campaign found on Google Play: Check Point The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Using Bitcoin to prevent identity theft “Migrant work ethic” exists, at least in the short term Drones help in better understanding of wildfires Strong carbon price needed to drive large-scale climate action: Economists FBI warned MI5 that Salman Abedi was planning terror attack in U.K. Are we really seeing the rise of a ‘new jihad’? Tech firms urge Congress to enact surveillance reforms $2-million grant for training next generation of nuclear arms control experts Argonne’s nuclear security training team has a global reach Knowing more and loosing less: Science and helps in disaster risk management Weather disaster-prone countries do not spend more on weather services Middle school engineers show their skills in electric car competition Climate change likely to increase risk of costly storms in U.K. Florida GOP operative asked for – and received -- Russian hackers’ help in congressional race 739,478 visitors to U.S. in FY2016 overstayed their visas – and 628,799 are still in U.S. Free Subscription BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed Homeland Security News Wire All Regional Africa Americas Asia / Pacific Europe Middle East Water Biometrics Access control E-documents Biometric databases Biometric technologies E-commerce Identity authentication Identity documents National IDs Borders/Immig Border crossings Deportation Border monitoring / protection E-Verify Border security technology Illegal immigration Fencing / barriers Immigration and business Smuggling and contraband U.S. legal employment status Travel documents US VISIT Ultralights, submersibles, tunnels Visa requirements Business Business Companies / JVs / Partnerships Contracts Investment trends M&A Market performance Distribution agreements Government contracts Private sector contracts Strategic partnerships System integrators Venture capital and private equity Cybersecurity Cloud computing Corporate IT security Cybercrime Encryption Firewalls Hackers Information warfare Network security Quantum encryption Social networks VPNs Detection Biological Radiological Chemical Detection - nuclear, biological, chemical Explosive Nuclear Radiological threats Scanning and screening Sensors and Sensor networks Disasters Backup / Storage systems Business continuity Communication interoperability Compliance Corporate security Crisis management Data recovery and management Emergency management systems Emergency Preparedness Natural disasters Risk analysis Resilience / Recovery Terror / Disaster insurance Government Africa code Budget Congress Espionage Government - federal, state, local Information sharing Intelligence International cooperation Laws and regulations Nuclear weapons proliferation Privacy State / Local Terrorism and counterterrorism Infrastructure Alternative energy Bridges, roads, tunnels, canals Chemical plants Construction Dams / Reservoirs Energy Energy policy Energy resources Infrastructure protection Nuclear power Perimeter defense and fencing Power grid and stations Smart grid Water facilities Water Technology / Treatment International African Security Conflict Culture / Religion Failed states Population / Migration Treaties Public health Agroterrorism BioLabs Bioterrorism Epidemics and pandemics Food import controls Food supply chain safety Health standards Infectious disease Viruses and pathogens Public health Vaccines and treatments Public Safety Communication interoperabillity Emergency services Emergency medical services Fire First response IEDs Law Enforcement Law Enforcement Technology Military technology Nonlethal weapons Nuclear weapons Personal protection equipment Police Notification /alert systems Situational awareness Weapons systems Sci-Tech Biotechnology Certification and credentialing Degree programs Computers / software Credentialing Education / training Engineering Environment Materials Nanotechnology National labs Research and Development Robotics Social sciences Technological innovation Sector Reports Biometrics Border & Immigration Control Cybersecurity Detection Emergency Management Infrastructure Protection Law Enforcement World Report Surveillance Asset tracking Eavesdropping FISA Intelligence gathering / analysis Open-source searches RFID technology Search engines Sensors and sensor networks Thermal imaging UAVs / Satellites / Blimps Video analytics Transportation Air cargo / baggage Aviation and Airport Baggage screening Cargo and Containers Ground / Mass transportation HAZMAT transportation Maritime and Ports Transportation Security   Advertising & Marketing: advertise@newswirepubs.com, 516.414.1114 Editorial: editor@newswirepubs.com, 516.741.2555 General: info@newswirepubs.com 2017 © News Wire Publications, LLC 220 Old Country Road | Suite 200 | Mineola | New York | 11501 Permissions and Policies
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Qualcomm’s smart router plan puts mesh, IoT, and Alexa-style agents in one Chris Davies - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Routers may not be sexy but they can definitely be ambitious, with Qualcomm looking to replace your Echo, router, and smart home bridges with a single unit. The company unveiled its Mesh Networking Platform and Reference Design at Computex 2017 this week, an all-in-one that combines mesh networking, self-healing and -organizing configuration, voice agents like Alexa and Google Assistant, and all the radios to talk to your connected lights, locks, speakers, and more, in a single box. At first glance, you might mistake the reference design router as Echo on a serious diet. Funnily enough, Alexa does reside inside the pinched-in tower, though Qualcomm isn’t playing favorites. It’ll offer its six-microphone array and multiple wakeword trigger support to any virtual assistant that wants to play. Rather than needing a separate Echo Dot or Google Home in each room, your mesh router will also act as a way to chat with your agent of choice, so the idea goes. On that mesh front, it builds on Qualcomm’s existing footprint in the space. Though you might not know it, the chip maker’s radios are inside the majority of existing mesh routers on the market already: Eero, Netgear’s Orbi, Luma, and more all rely on its products. That has given it a front-row seat to how the segment has developed, and just what customers, manufacturers, and broadband providers are asking for. For instance, it turns out that it’s coverage not speed that users are most concerned with. Broadband providers want to boost consistency and cut the number of “my internet doesn’t work in my basement home office” support calls they get. Meanwhile, with around 90-percent of smartphone wireless traffic in the home being over WiFi, phone-makers are looking to get a piece of the connectivity pie; witness Samsung’s Connect mesh router, which packs both WiFi and SmartThings IoT support. Qualcomm’s reference design uses its IPQ40x8/9 dual-radio networking SoC with WiFi SON functionality baked in. Rather than using WiFi or ethernet to link together different mesh nodes, the platform supports 802.11ad and 802.11ax for linking the different units together. That ensures dedicated bandwidth for the backhaul, and keeps as much of the regular WiFi spectrum free for your actual devices like phones, laptops, and connected gadgets. Still, most of the mesh networking routers on the market have an annoying flaw for those of us who are smart home early-adopters. With their focus on wireless networking, few have more than a couple of ethernet ports. Once you start trying to hook up the inevitable bridges and hubs for your connected lights, locks, and other devices, suddenly you find yourself daisy-chaining ethernet switches too. Then come the power strips needed to turn everything on. It’s a cabling nightmare, not to mention an eyesore, which is where Qualcomm’s IoT Connectivity Feature Suite comes in. It may not have an especially catchy name, but its intent – to replace individual third-party bridges with onboard radios – is admirable. With a combination of WiFi, Bluetooth, Powerline, and ZigBee the number of devices the router can talk to increases significantly. There are a few benefits to that. For a start, fewer add-ons. Hanging off an ethernet switch by my cable modem, for instance, there’s among other things a SmartThings bridge and a Philips Hue bridge; Qualcomm’s router could replace both. Meanwhile, there’s the promise of less interference between all these different radios, since the router will act as a traffic controller making sure one isn’t trying to speak over another. The company’s demo is perversely underwhelming, though that’s really by design. A somewhat deconstructed, work-in-progress version of the reference design with Alexa support recognized a command to turn off the lights, and all of the connected bulbs in the room switched off. That sounds predictable – indeed, Qualcomm told me, the typical layperson response it has received has been along the lines of “isn’t that what it’s meant to do?” – but those aware of how tricky getting connected bulbs variously using WiFi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, and other standards all to interact without a rats’ nest of bridges are suitably wowed. Routers you eventually buy using the new Qualcomm Mesh Networking Platform probably won’t look like this cylindrical tower. The reference design packs in everything it can possible support, after all; Qualcomm was also mindful of heat management, I’m told, because the designers wanted it to be fanless, too. Like Amazon’s original Echo, the tower form-factor also helps keep the microphone array high up off whatever table the router is placed on, improving its performance. There’s some way to go before you can ditch your collection of bridges, mind. For a start, the companies that make them will need to build services for Qualcomm’s silicon and radios instead. That’ll be made easier, the company insists to me, because many of the connected bulb and other smart home devices out there are also using Qualcomm silicon anyway, and will be motivated by the thought of fewer bridge support calls among other things. Eventually, a new SIG (special interest group) in the WiFi Alliance will shape interoperability, but until that’s finalized Qualcomm is making itself the intermediary to help everyone figure out how different platforms and services will play good-neighbor. Various APIs will be on offer to hook Thread, HomeKit, and other ecosystem stacks into the platform. Even if your product of choice is using a rival chipmaker’s silicon, Qualcomm says it’ll be open to working with that company to ensure everything integrates nicely. MORE: Google WiFi Review: Mesh networking gets simple For consumers, Qualcomm is counting on the prospect of all-in-one, self-healing routers that minimize network dead spots and magically pick the best bands and channels for your devices in the background being worth a premium. Exactly how much of a premium will depend on router manufacturers themselves, who have apparently been warmed by evidence that mesh early-adopters are happy to spend significantly more for these newer models. Not every product will necessarily support every aspect of what Qualcomm’s reference design can do, mind, so expect some new box labeling to make clear exactly what you’re buying into. You’ll be able to do that sooner rather than later, too. Qualcomm says the first products from its hardware partners will be on the market by the 2017 holidays. Story Timeline What is mesh networking and can it fix my WiFi? Google Wifi Review: Meet mesh networking's new star Linksys Velop aims to steal Google WiFi's mesh crown Eero price cut as mesh routers prepare for platform play Tags Computexcomputex 2017Hands OnHome AutomationInternet of ThingsIoTnetworkingQualcommroutersmart homewifiWireless Router Must Read Bits & Bytes Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on 6 Essential Phone details that make Andy Rubin’s device unique Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone breaks all the rules Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Europe to splash €120m on free WiFi for ~8,000 villages and cities Inspur jacks up huge heat sink-sporting beast Millimetre wave.. omigerd it's going nowherrr.. Apple, you say? WDC may form carrion consortium to snap up Toshiba's flash memory biz WebAssembly fandom kills Google's Portable Native Client MySQL devs take cache behind shed, shot heard GitHub CEO Wanstrath: 'Our goal is no outages' Seminal game 'Colossal Cave Adventure' released onto GitLab Windows XP crashed too much to spread WannaCrypt Android apps punched out by Judy malware NORK spy agency blamed for Bangladesh cyberheist, Sony Pictures hack Shadow Brokers lay out pitch – and name price – for monthly zero-day subscription service Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are BA's 'global IT system failure' was due to 'power surge' LinkedIn finds friends to join its 'Open19' data centre standards effort 'The internet is slow'... How to keep users happy, get more work done What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Cisco cuts 250 jobs in San Jose, has 850 more pink slips to hand out Ad watchdog bites Plusnet over 'unintelligible' radio ads Uber fires robo car exec for insubordination Lexmark patent racket busted by Supremes Intel gives the world a Core i9 desktop CPU to play with Much-hyped Ara Blackphone LeEco Essential handset introduced Qualcomm kicks out mesh network, Wi-Fi and RubinPhone win Defend yourself against ISP tracking in an Trump-era free-for-all Geek's Guide India sets June 5 as the day it will joint the heavy-lift rocket club Pentagon trumpets successful mock-ICBM interception test NASA boffins find an explanation for Saturn's wonky moon Event horizons around black holes do exist, say astroboffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London Sergey Brin building humanitarian blimp for lifesaving leisure Your job might be automated within 120 years, AI experts reckon Bitcoin exchange Coinbase crashes after Asian buying frenzy Verity Stob German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Real brains discuss artificial brains in real-world London First tranche of M3 2017 speakers announced 30 May 2017 at 17:54, Team Register We’re thrilled to announce the first tranche of conference speakers for the Minds Mastering Machines (M3) three-day dive into machine learning, AI and advanced analytics this Autumn. We’ll be gathering a wide range of experts together at 30 Euston Square from October 9 to 11, who will help you not just grasp the potential of these technologies, but show you how they’ve put them into practice in real-world businesses. Our keynote speakers, professor Mark Bishop of Goldsmiths, University of London, and Google’s Melanie Warrick, will set the tone. Mark’s career has spanned academic breakthroughs from (arguably) the first computational swarm intelligence (SI) paradigm, to advising the United Nations on the control of “killer robots,” to applying AI to fraud detection and procurement. Melanie is a senior developer advocate at Google, and her career has included work as a founding engineer on Deeplearning4j as well as work implementing machine learning (ML) in production at Change.org. Our conference programme will include introductory sessions covering key concepts and platforms for those in the early stages of adopting and adapting ML, advanced analytics and AI. For those already down the path, we’ll have deeper dives into key tools and how they’re being used in organisations from retail to online commerce, research, and of course, transport. And everyone will benefit from sessions covering the ethical, legal and management contexts around ML, AI and associated technologies. We’ll even take a few glimpses into the wilder possibilities offered by these potentially revolutionary technologies. Throughout, the focus will be on how ML and AI can be applied in real businesses and organisations, a theme that will be carried on in our day-three workshop lineup. These are mind-stretching and occasionally mind-blowing topics, so you’ll be glad to know we’ll enjoy a supply of high-quality food and drink to keep you going in the conference sessions, and to oil those crucial offline conversations with the speakers and your fellow attendees. To see the lineup so far, and grab those all-important early bird tickets, head over to the M3 website now. ® Tips and corrections Post a comment MORE Artificial Intelligence Conference Ai Machine Learning Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Artificial intelligence will eradicate channel drudgery, says Lenovo boss Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Any intelligence would be a start, grumble partners 16 Comments MEPs in 'urgent' call for new laws on artificial intelligence and robotics Liability issues with self-driving cars is key concern 17 Comments Reg readers cluster in pub to ponder artificial intelligence Reg Events And hear why a mic-dropping, beer hurling AI would be a real advance 2 Comments White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments Artificial intelligence 'will save wearables'! Can you hearable me? 12 Comments Hard numbers: The mathematical architectures of Artificial Intelligence Is your machine learning? 68 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. 5 Ways Veritas NetBackup 8 Makes Microsoft Hyper-V Backup Rock! Transform and simplify the protection of your VMware, physical, and cloud environments no matter where they reside. Most read BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni WannaLaugh? Funsters port WannaCrypt to Commodore, Cisco, Nintendo and Tesla I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Network Time Protocol updated to spook-harden user comms Spotlight 8 out of 10 cats fear statistics – AI doesn't have this problem Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Washing machine AI? You'll thank AWS, Microsoft, Google (eventually) A bot lingua franca does not exist: Your machine-learning options for walking the talk Speaking in Tech: Elon Musk and the AI apocalypse Do the numbers, Einstein: AI is more than maths as some know it Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT How Ford has slammed the door on Silicon Valley's autonomous vehicles drive Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
We use cookies to provide you with a better onsite experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Skip to main content SubscribeMenu Scientific American English Cart 0 Sign In  |   Register Email:Password:Forgot password?LoginNot yet registered?SearchSubscribe English Español العربية Other Editions Search Close Search The Sciences Mind Health Tech Sustainability Education Video Podcasts Blogs Store SubscribeCurrent Issue Cart Sign In Register Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Electronics 7 in 10 Smartphone Apps Share Your Data with Third-Party Services The majority of apps running on Android and iOS smartphones report personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google, Facebook or Crashlytics By Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez, Srikanth Sundaresan, The Conversation US on May 30, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Email Print Share via Google+ Stumble Upon Credit: Chris Ratcliffe Getty Images Advertisement | Report Ad The following essay is reprinted with permission from The Conversation, an online publication covering the latest research. Our mobile phones can reveal a lot about ourselves: where we live and work; who our family, friends and acquaintances are; how (and even what) we communicate with them; and our personal habits. With all the information stored on them, it isn’t surprising that mobile device users take steps to protect their privacy, like using PINs or passcodes to unlock their phones. The research that we and our colleagues are doing identifies and explores a significant threat that most people miss: More than 70 percent of smartphone apps are reporting personal data to third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics, the Facebook Graph API or Crashlytics. When people install a new Android or iOS app, it asks the user’s permission before accessing personal information. Generally speaking, this is positive. And some of the information these apps are collecting are necessary for them to work properly: A map app wouldn’t be nearly as useful if it couldn’t use GPS data to get a location. But once an app has permission to collect that information, it can share your data with anyone the app’s developer wants to—letting third-party companies track where you are, how fast you’re moving and what you’re doing. The help, and hazard, of code libraries An app doesn’t just collect data to use on the phone itself. Mapping apps, for example, send your location to a server run by the app’s developer to calculate directions from where you are to a desired destination. The app can send data elsewhere, too. As with websites, many mobile apps are written by combining various functions, precoded by other developers and companies, in what are called third-party libraries. These libraries help developers track user engagement, connect with social media and earn money by displaying ads and other features, without having to write them from scratch. However, in addition to their valuable help, most libraries also collect sensitive data and send it to their online servers—or to another company altogether. Successful library authors may be able to develop detailed digital profiles of users. For example, a person might give one app permission to know their location, and another app access to their contacts. These are initially separate permissions, one to each app. But if both apps used the same third-party library and shared different pieces of information, the library’s developer could link the pieces together. Users would never know, because apps aren’t required to tell users what software libraries they use. And only very few apps make public their policies on user privacy; if they do, it’s usually in long legal documents a regular person won’t read, much less understand. Developing Lumen Our research seeks to reveal how much data are potentially being collected without users’ knowledge, and to give users more control over their data. To get a picture of what data are being collected and transmitted from people’s smartphones, we developed a free Android app of our own, called the Lumen Privacy Monitor. It analyzes the traffic apps send out, to report which applications and online services actively harvest personal data. Because Lumen is about transparency, a phone user can see the information installed apps collect in real time and with whom they share these data. We try to show the details of apps’ hidden behavior in an easy-to-understand way. It’s about research, too, so we ask users if they’ll allow us to collect some data about what Lumen observes their apps are doing—but that doesn’t include any personal or privacy-sensitive data. This unique access to data allows us to study how mobile apps collect users’ personal data and with whom they share data at an unprecedented scale. In particular, Lumen keeps track of which apps are running on users’ devices, whether they are sending privacy-sensitive data out of the phone, what internet sites they send data to, the network protocol they use and what types of personal information each app sends to each site. Lumen analyzes apps traffic locally on the device, and anonymizes these data before sending them to us for study: If Google Maps registers a user’s GPS location and sends that specific address to maps.google.com, Lumen tells us, “Google Maps got a GPS location and sent it to maps.google.com”—not where that person actually is. Trackers are everywhere More than 1,600 people who have used Lumen since October 2015 allowed us to analyze more than 5,000 apps. We discovered 598 internet sites likely to be tracking users for advertising purposes, including social media services like Facebook, large internet companies like Google and Yahoo, and online marketing companies under the umbrella of internet service providers like Verizon Wireless. We found that more than 70 percent of the apps we studied connected to at least one tracker, and 15 percent of them connected to five or more trackers. One in every four trackers harvested at least one unique device identifier, such as the phone number or its device-specific unique 15-digit IMEI number. Unique identifiers are crucial for online tracking services because they can connect different types of personal data provided by different apps to a single person or device. Most users, even privacy-savvy ones, are unaware of those hidden practices. More than just a mobile problem Tracking users on their mobile devices is just part of a larger problem. More than half of the app-trackers we identified also track users through websites. Thanks to this technique, called “cross-device” tracking, these services can build a much more complete profile of your online persona. And individual tracking sites are not necessarily independent of others. Some of them are owned by the same corporate entity—and others could be swallowed up in future mergers. For example, Alphabet, Google’s parent company, owns several of the tracking domains that we studied, including Google Analytics, DoubleClick or AdMob, and through them collects data from more than 48 percent of the apps we studied. Users’ online identities are not protected by their home country’s laws. We found data being shipped across national borders, often ending up in countries with questionable privacy laws. More than 60 percent of connections to tracking sites are made to servers in the U.S., U.K., France, Singapore, China and South Korea—six countries that have deployed mass surveillance technologies. Government agencies in those places could potentially have access to these data, even if the users are in countries with stronger privacy laws such as Germany, Switzerland or Spain. Even more disturbingly, we have observed trackers in apps targeted to children. By testing 111 kids’ apps in our lab, we observed that 11 of them leaked a unique identifier, the MAC address, of the Wi-Fi router it was connected to. This is a problem, because it is easy to search online for physical locations associated with particular MAC addresses. Collecting private information about children, including their location, accounts and other unique identifiers, potentially violates the Federal Trade Commission’s rules protecting children’s privacy. Just a small look Although our data include many of the most popular Android apps, it is a small sample of users and apps, and therefore likely a small set of all possible trackers. Our findings may be merely scratching the surface of what is likely to be a much larger problem that spans across regulatory jurisdictions, devices and platforms. It’s hard to know what users might do about this. Blocking sensitive information from leaving the phone may impair app performance or user experience: An app may refuse to function if it cannot load ads. Actually, blocking ads hurts app developers by denying them a source of revenue to support their work on apps, which are usually free to users. If people were more willing to pay developers for apps, that may help, though it’s not a complete solution. We found that while paid apps tend to contact fewer tracking sites, they still do track users and connect with third-party tracking services. Transparency, education and strong regulatory frameworks are the key. Users need to know what information about them is being collected, by whom, and what it’s being used for. Only then can we as a society decide what privacy protections are appropriate, and put them in place. Our findings, and those of many other researchers, can help turn the tables and track the trackers themselves. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Advertisement | Report Ad ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S) Narseo Vallina-Rodriguez Research Assistant Professor, IMDEA Networks Institute, Madrid, Spain; Research Scientist, Networking and Security, International Computer Science Institute based at, University of California, Berkeley Srikanth Sundaresan Srikanth Sundaresan is a research fellow in computer science at Princeton University. The Conversation US Recent Articles How Do the Chemicals in Sunscreen Protect Our Skin from Damage? Neuromechanics of Flamingos' Amazing Feats of Balance What Are Software Vulnerabilities, and Why Are There So Many of Them? Advertisement | Report Ad Latest News Physics 5G Wiz: What's On the Horizon for Mobile 8 hours ago — Larry Greenemeier and Steve Mirsky Cognition What Hyenas Can Tells Us About the Origins of Intelligence 11 hours ago — David Z. Hambrick Cognition Artificial Intelligence Helps in Learning How Children Learn 12 hours ago — Alison Gopnik Climate Nitrous Oxide Poses Fresh Threat to the Arctic 13 hours ago — Scott Waldman and E&E News Mental Health Does Living in a City Make You Psychotic? 16 hours ago — Sharon Begley and STAT Space Using the Sun as a Cosmic Telescope 8 hours ago — Slava G. Turyshev and Michael Shao Report Ad Newsletter Get smart. Sign up for our email newsletter. Sign Up Share Latest Every Issue. Every Year. 1845 - Present Neuroscience. Evolution. Health. Chemistry. Physics. Technology.Subscribe Now! Follow us Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Store About Press Room More FAQs Contact Us Site Map Advertise Special Ad Sections SA Custom Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.© 2017 Scientific American, a Division of Nature America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Father's Day is June 18th Get 20% Off A Gift for Dad Buy Now
Tech Search Search BanksBank Customers Don’t Want Robo-Advisers Making Financial Decisions For Them BrazilBrazil Is Seeking to Join the OECD Despite Its Political Crisis IndiaIndia Is Still the World’s Fastest Growing Economy, Despite Last Year’s Shock Cash Crisis PointCloudWhy Steve Ballmer Loves Twitter Best Companies The Father of Android Unveils Potential Rivals for Apple’s iPhone and Amazon’s Echo Don Reisinger May 30, 2017 Former Google executive Andy Rubin has finally taken the wraps off his secretive hardware startup, Essential. Rubin on Tuesday detailed his company's two new devices: the Essential Phone and Essential Home. The former is a smartphone designed to come with high-end features, but at a more affordable price than other luxury handsets. Essential Home is a smart home device like Amazon's Echo, providing users control over their smart homes with voice commands. Rubin became a prominent figure in the mobile world after creating Android, now the world's most popular mobile operating system by market share. After Alphabet-owned Google (googl) acquired Android in 2005, Rubin served as its senior vice president of mobile and digital content, where he oversaw Android's development and Google's broader mobile ambitions. He then spent some time in 2013 working on other Google projects, including robotics, before leaving the company in 2014. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Since then, Rubin has been working behind the scenes on hardware ventures and is now focusing on Essential. In a blog post earlier this month, Rubin said that he founded Essential to address problems he sees in the technology industry, including high-priced luxury products and devices that become obsolete after just a year of use. He said he wants to address those and other problems with each product Essential sells. The Essential Phone has several high-end handset hallmarks, including an edge-to-edge display that measures 5.71 inches. The smartphone, which is running on the latest Qualcomm (qcom) Snapdragon 835 processor, also comes with dual rear cameras and a titanium body design. Not surprisingly, it's running on Google's Android. It costs $699 unlocked, allowing users to run it on the carrier network of their choosing. Essential Phone, which was initially announced on The Verge, is available now for customers to pre-order, though the company hasn't said when it'll begin shipping. It's a similar story with the Essential Home, a small, round device sporting a screen that can display a range of information, like search results or upcoming events. The Amazon Echo Show, a new smart home hub slated to launch next month, also comes with a built-in screen. The original Amazon Echo as well as Google Home both lack screens. Like its competitors, Essential Home is meant to enable users to issue vocal commands to control other tech gadgets around the house. It runs on an operating system called Ambient OS, which will automatically link a new smart home device with Essential Home for simpler set-up. The smart home device, which isn't yet available for pre-order, doesn't have a shipping date—nor a confirmed price. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 144 Plus 1 on G+ 72 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares278 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? D.Smithee *crickets* Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.752s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Amazon (AMZN) briefly touches $1,000 per share for the first time >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 GOOGL stock is reaping the rewards of the company's latest innovations By Chris Fraley, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 30, 2017, 10:27 am EDT Get GOOGL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Why Chesapeake Energy Might Be Out of Rallies Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 Recent Posts: Why Google Lens Should Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Past $1,000 Why Chesapeake Energy Might Be Out of Rallies Will Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Survive the New Retail Reality? View All Posts Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) held its 10th annual developers’ conference last week. And while a lot of the talk at such a tech-heavy conference can be too jargon-y, too difficult to comprehend or too boring to the lay (read: non-developer) person, there was one meaty, easy-to-understand product that could potentially push GOOGL stock above $1,000 a share — perhaps as early as next week! Source: Shutterstock It’s called the Google Lens. It’s a technology that allows you to search for things with your smartphone camera. Borrowing CEO Sundar Pichai’s examples in his conference keynote speech, with the Lens you can point your smartphone at a flower and it will automatically tell you what species it is, or at a restaurant and it will immediately spit back reviews, or at a person speaking a different language and it will translate for you. You can also play music, buy tickets or add events to your calendar through Google Lens. Pretty nifty! Google Lens Is the Latest GOOGL Stock Catalyst The Google Lens won’t be available in Google Photos until later this year, and will later be incorporated into Google Assistant. But the mere announcement of yet another innovative artificial intelligence product should engender enough good will on Wall Street to push GOOGL stock above $1,000. Already trading at a record $995 a share (and climbing), it would take only a very small push to get Alphabet Inc to the rarefied four-digit mark. Considering the stock is up 4% in the last week, that doesn’t seem like much of a stretch — more of an inevitability. But here’s the thing: big round numbers scare people, particularly investors. It’s why the Dow Jones Industrial Average took months to break through the 20,000-point barrier, and why so few stocks have made it to $1,000 over the years. Because of that, the jump to $1,000 may be a bigger obstacle than you’d think. Or at least it would be for a lesser stock. Right now, however, GOOGL stock is the toast of Wall Street, up more than 17% in the last three months. Stellar first-quarter earnings helped. So has a bull market that has lifted all boats since the presidential election in November, though GOOGL has undoubtedly been one of the leaders of that rally of late. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/alphabet-inc-googl-stock-past-1000/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Sell in June The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy Now 5 Fit-as-a-Fiddle Restaurant Stocks 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits Starbucks Investors Should Be Worried 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Stocks to Sell in June The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 5 Restaurant Stocks That Are Fit as a Fiddle 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore Most Popular 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Heading to $80 Is It Time to Bail on Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock? Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt New Google Tab Surfaces Personal Data in Search Results By David Roe | May 30, 2017 CHANNEL: Information Management Holiday weekends aren't normally a time when vendors upgrade or release new products. However, this Memorial Day weekend, Google made an exception. It added a new Personal Tab to its search engine to help users find personal information more effectively. Reports of the tab started surfacing on Friday, with reports of new search results which show content from an individual's Gmail account, Google Photos library and calendar. Get Personal with Search Results Unlike the regular Google search, which provides users a list of links related to the search term, these results come directly from your Google accounts. According to reports, personal ads may also appear in these results. The tab can be found under the ‘More’ option on the search page and surfaces everything related to a keyword in email messages, calendar events and photos. It works on both desktop and mobile for those with access. The results come with the reassurance that "Only you can see these results." In spite of the reassurance, there's an obvious problem here: and one that could deepen the controversy over vendor's use of personal data to create personalized advertising. Google Moves Once Again Raise Privacy Questions However, given that Mountain View, Calif.-based-Google admitted a long time ago its practice of machine-scanning data found in a person’s email to develop personalized advertising, it is likely it will also use the data and search terms provided through the ‘Personal’ tab to do the same. Some might argue this existing data access makes any concerns about privacy too little, too late. That said, Google search engine can’t prioritize all the information in your personal account — unless, of course, you start feeding search terms into the engine. This isn't all that Google has been up to recently that could land it in trouble with data and privacy regulators, especially in Europe. At the recent I/O conference Google spent a good deal of time promoting and discussing its new Lens service. Lens isn’t availed to consumers yet, but it will land soon — maybe even too soon for those concerned about privacy. Len uses machine learning to identify real-world objects using the camera of a telephone. It then places the object in context, identifies its location and surfaces content directly related to the object. Google is already under scrutiny by the European Union over changes it made to its privacy policy last year which claimed users’ activities on other sites “may be associated with your personal information.” This effectively allowed Google to combine users’ browsing data from third-party websites with the individuals’ Google search and email data. While Google gives existing users the option to opt-in or out, it indicates Google and other large vendors with access to personal information are looking for ways to turn that data into revenues. Google is rolling out the new tab slowly. It doesn’t appear to be available in Europe yet — and doesn’t currently integrate with other Google offerings such as Google Drive, but that could change in the future.  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Is SAP Empathy Promise Enough to Regain Customer Trust? Zoho Is Building the Fourth Stage of Its Evolution on AI That 'Digital Strategy' You Keep Talking About? It's Just Business Strategy 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work 5 Drivers of Personalized Experiences: A Walk Through the AI Food Chain New Google Tab Surfaces Personal Data in Search Results DynamicPoint Updates SharePoint Portal, More News How to Protect Workflows When They Cross Enterprise Boundaries Chef Pushes Cloud-Native, Container-First Environments with Updates SAP Expands Cloud Partnership with Google, More from SAPPHIRE Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags advertising, email, email management, european union, google, google ads   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources Digital Workplace Conference Digital Customer Experience Summit Document Management Software Digital Experience Newsletter Selecting a Web CMS Sitecore Consultant What is the Digital Workplace? View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events May 31 [Episerver Webinar] Accelerate Time to Value: How to prioritize digital experience delivery Jun 1 [DW Webinar Series 3] Key Strategies to Re-Engage Employees Jun 6 [CMSWire Webinar] The Very Strange Future of Mobile Jun 8 [Aragon Research Webinar] Empower Your Business to More Effectively Serve Your Customers Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Jun 27 [CMSWire Webinar] Customer Experience is a Team Sport Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a leading, native digital publication produced by Simpler Media Group, Inc. We provide articles, research and events for sophisticated professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 450+ authoritative articles per quarter for our 750,000 community members. Join us as a subscriber. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DW Experience Conference DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Is SAP Empathy Promise Enough to Regain Customer Trust? view comments Zoho Is Building the Fourth Stage of Its Evolution on AI view comments That 'Digital Strategy' You Keep Talking About? It's Just Business Strategy view comments 10 Digital Workplace Trends Shaping the Future of Work view comments 5 Drivers of Personalized Experiences: A Walk Through the AI Food Chain view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6353.82. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog The BlackBerry KEYone makes all the right compromises Top 10 Android Apps of May 2017! Does Essential Phone have enough "essentials"? Essential Home is a new home assistant device with a round display Does the Essential Phone need carrier support? Essential Phone from Andy Rubin official with 5.7-inch display, titanium frame, and more Samsung SoundAssistant app will give you more audio controls on your Galaxy device Android And Me Essential Phone will work on all four T-Mobile celebrating the anniversary YouTube app gets new UI with tabs at Essential Home is the newest smart speaker The Essential Phone is now official Samsung launches SoundAssistant app LG said to be working with Qualcomm TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
This Plugin Shows You What the Web Is Like Without Net Neutrality This is the future conservative members of congress want. As conservative politicians and telecom lobbyists do everything in their power to roll back Obama-era net neutrality laws (including raising the dead), net neutrality advocates are getting creative with their responses. Case in point is the new 'Removal of Net Neutrality Simulator,' a plugin for the Google Chrome browser that gives users a taste of utter shittiness that is bandwidth throttling. Developed by the net neutrality group Keep Our Net Free, the simulator makes your internet speed slow to a crawl and directs users who try to access Reddit and Facebook to Myspace, YouTube to Vimeo, and Google to Bing. When users try to access any of the sites they really wanted to see, they receive a pop-up saying that the "website does not function correctly on your ISP's service" and suggests using an alternative website instead. Screengrab from 'Removal of Net Neutrality Simulator' While this simulator isn't exactly what rolling back net neutrality would look like (anti-net neutrality laws would be unlikely to affect major online corporations like Google, Facebook or Netflix), it does do a great job of driving home how much worse the general online experience would be if conservative members of Congress and FCC Chairman Ajit Pai get their way. Net neutrality is basically the idea that all traffic on a network should be treated the same by an Internet Service Provider (ISP)—in other words, users on a network have access to the same amount of bandwidth whether they're visiting Motherboard's website or watching porn. But under the proposed anti-net neutrality legislation, ISPs would be able to discriminate against certain kinds of web traffic by requiring companies to pay for the privilege of greater bandwidth allocation—also known as "fast lanes"—for their online services. Furthermore, it would allow ISPs to create choke-points, which could artificially slow traffic to those sites that use the most bandwidth on a network (this would particularly affect video streaming services like YouTube or Netflix), as well as censor content that the ISP finds objectionable. Read More: Dead People are Posting Anti-Net Neutrality Comments to the FCC Website At this point, the future of net neutrality is uncertain. The FCC has opened its comment section for "Restoring Internet Freedom," Pai's proposed anti-net neutrality regulations. So far, the proposal has received over 2.5 million comments, although up to 500,000 of these may be fraudulent. The initial comment period will last until July 16 and a second commenting period will last until August 16. After that, it will be up to the FCC to make a decision about the future of the net. This Net Neutrality Simulator is a strong reminder that everyone has a stake in the future of the web. I only kept the plugin for a few minutes before getting so frustrated with the browsing experience that I had to uninstall it. But uninstalling the real anti-net neutrality paradigm wouldn't be so easy—in fact, it would be nearly impossible.
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service ASUS Showcases New Consumer and Lifestyle Products at Computex 2017 An outstanding line-up of flagship smartphones, laptops, home computing, networking products and smart-home devices on show at the ASUS booth TAIPEI, Taiwan – WEBWIRE – Tuesday, May 30, 2017 ASUS Blue Cave ASUS today showcased its latest line-up of exciting consumer and lifestyle innovations at Computex Taipei 2017, including a live demonstration of ZenFone AR  the worlds first Google Tango-enabled and Daydream-ready smartphone. The ASUS booth has four showcases where the latest flagship ZenFone smartphones, thin-and-light ZenBook and VivoBook notebooks, new X299 motherboards, stylish ProArt monitors, productive mini PCs, networking products and smart-home devices are on display. There is even one area especially for ASUS Zenbo, the first commercially available smart home robot from ASUS. The ASUS Booth is located at #L0432, Taipei Nangang Exhibition Hall. It is open from May 30  June 3, 2017, from 9:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. SMARTPHONES The latest ASUS ZenFone AR, ZenFone 3 Zoom and ZenFone Live smartphones are on display at the mobile devices zone. A winner of a 2017 Computex Best Choice Award, ZenFone AR is the worlds first Tango-enabled and Daydream-ready smartphone, and will be used in a live augmented reality (AR) demonstration with the BMW iVisualizer Augmented Reality app. Attendees can also experience other Google Tango AR apps, as well as a few Virtual Reality (VR) apps on the Daydream headset. ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom has a dual camera system that captures perfect photos. It is the worlds slimmest and lightest 5.5-inch smartphone to feature a high-capacity 5000mAh battery. ASUS ZenFone Live ASUS ZenFone Live is the first smartphone to have built-in hardware-optimized, real-time beautification technology engineered into the new BeautyLive app. It provides users with high-quality livestream videos that are brighter, more beautiful and look great on social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. There is even a demo area for visitors to test out these new features.   LAPTOPS The new thin and light ASUS ZenBook and VivoBook laptops  including ZenBook Flip S (UX370), ZenBook Pro (UX550), ZenBook 3 Deluxe (UX490), ASUS VivoBook Pro 15 (N580) and ASUS VivoBook S15 (S510)  were announced onstage at the ASUS Computex press event. They will be joined by the following new laptops at the laptop showcase. ASUS ZenBook UX430 ASUS ZenBook UX430 is a compact 13-inch laptop with a work-friendly 14-inch NanoEdge display. It has a thin 7.18mm bezel that provides an 80 percent screen-to-body ratio for immersive viewing. ZenBook UX430 is powered by up to the latest 7th Generation Intel® Core i7 processor with up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM, up to 512GB of fast solid state drive (SSD) storage, and NVIDIA® GeForce® MX150 discrete graphics. It weighs 1.25 kg and has a thin 15.9mm profile, making it the thinnest-ever ZenBook to feature discrete graphics. ZenBook UX430 is available in Royal Blue, Rose Gold, Quartz Grey or Shimmer Gold, and features the iconic spun-metal finish. The Royal Blue and Rose Gold colors have a brand-new crystal-like coating created using an advanced nano-imprinting lithography (NIL) process. ASUS VivoBook Series Designed for immersive entertainment and daily productivity, ASUS VivoBook Series laptops are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors with up to 16GB RAM, and feature NVIDIA GeForce 940MX graphics. They all feature a USB 3.1 Gen 1 port with a USB Type-C (USB-C) connector, and ASUS SuperBattery technology that charges a flat battery to 60% in just 49 minutes. ASUS VivoBook 14 ASUS VivoBook 14 (X405) is a 14-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD IPS panel with 178° wide-view technology and a 72 percent NTSC color gamut for more vivid and lifelike colors. VivoBook 14 X405 has a compact design with an 18.75mm-thin profile and an overall weight of just 1.3 kg. It fits a 14-inch display into a frame size of a typical 13-inch laptop. The 7.8mm NanoEdge display bezel provides a 78 percent screen-to-body ratio for more immersive viewing. In addition, VivoBook 14 X405 features dual storage with up to a 2TB of SATA HDD and 512GB of M.2 SSD, dual-band 2x2 802.11ac Wi-Fi and a fingerprint sensor with Windows Hello support. ASUS VivoBook 14 (X442) is a 14-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD display. It features a Super Multi optical disc drive (ODD), and an optional fingerprint sensor for safe and secure logins. VivoBook 14 X442 is available in Icicle Gold, Star Grey, Rouge, Pearl White and Vibrant Orange. ASUS VivoBook 15 ASUS VivoBook 15 X542 is a 15.6-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD display. It features dual storage with a 1TB SATA HDD and 256GB M.2 SSD, and an optional fingerprint sensor for safe and convenient logins. VivoBook 15 X542 is available in Icicle Gold, Star Grey, Rouge, Pearl White and Vibrant Orange. ASUS VivoBook 17 ASUS VivoBook 17 X705 is a 17.3-inch laptop that can be specified with up to a Full HD IPS display with 178° wide-view technology and a 72 percent NTSC color gamut for more vivid and lifelike colors. It features dual storage with up to a 2TB SATA HDD and 512GB M.2 SSD. ASUS VivoBook Flip 14 ASUS VivoBook Flip 14 is a 14-inch convertible laptop that features the ultra-narrow NanoEdge display bezel. The NanoEdge design fits a 14-inch Full HD display into a frame that is the size of a typical 13-inch laptop, giving VivoBook Flip 14 a 78.7 percent screen-to-body ratio and a larger display area for more immersive viewing. The Full HD display has 100 percent sRGB color gamut and 178˚ wide-view technology. VivoBook Flip 14 can be used as a laptop, tablet, or anything in between. It is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor with NVIDIA GeForce 930 graphics and provides all-day battery life. ASUS Transformer Mini (T103) ASUS Transformer Mini (T103) features an ultrathin design and weighs just 840g for maximum portability. This 2-in-1 Windows PC has a detachable 10.1-inch tablet display with up to 400 cd/m² brightness, 178° wide-view technology, and exclusive ASUS Tru2Life Video and TruVivid technologies for lifelike visuals. The integral full-width kickstand on the tablet features a stepless Smart Hinge that allows Transformer Mini to be positioned comfortably at viewing angles up to 170°. Transformer Mini has up to 11 hours of battery life, and supports Windows features including Cortana Wake on Voice. It also features ASUS Pen support for use with Windows Ink. Its embedded SIM (eSIM) technology makes it easy to switch mobile numbers without having to physically swap SIM cards, making it especially handy when travelling. MOTHERBOARDS New ASUS X299 motherboards and case mods ASUS unveiled the new Prime and TUF motherboard lineups featuring the latest Intel X299 chipset. Built for power users and prosumers, ASUS Prime Series motherboards represent the culmination of decades of expertise refining all aspects of motherboard technology. The new ASUS Prime X299-Deluxe board mates state-of-the-art connectivity with accessible system-wide tailored tuning options to provide a premium experience for novices and experienced users alike. ASUS TUF Series motherboards prioritize reliability and durability for PCs built to go the distance. The ASUS TUF X299 Mark 1 and Mark 2 motherboards use tougher components than their conventional counterparts, are subjected to more stringent testing and are covered by five-year warranties. For more information please click here. ASUS took the opportunity to show off two of its latest case mod projects TUF x H-Frame and Z270 Blanc  which have been inspired by the new ASUS TUF Z270 Mark 1 and ASUS Prime Z270-A motherboards. Renowned case modder Kun Fang, founder of the KuN Mod Studio, created the TUF x H-Frame case mod. Kun Fang has a passion for water-cooling, and it is seen in his build. The TUF x H-Frame case features amber-colored lighting to match TUF colors, and has an open-frame aluminum case that houses the TUF Z270 Mark 1 motherboard for the incredible cooling performance.  TUF Z270 Mark 1 has robust cooling features including Thermal Armor, TUF Fortifier and TUF intelligent software. These cooling features, together with the customized TUF-shaped water-block design and open-frame case, make this mod a tough and reliable machine for enthusiasts. Wei Zheng, better known as Ai Mask, is a well-known case modder who has been creating custom builds since 2005. His classy Z270 Blanc build perfectly portrays the form-follows-function concept of the Prime Z270 boards which maximize performance, stability and compatibility in an elegant white design. From the name Blanc to the glass chassis with white accents and internal liquid-cooling system, this mod perfectly captures the essence of Prime Z270 boards and their perfect compatibility for creating machines that can unleash raw power effortlessly and silently. HOME ROBOT ASUS Zenbo, the first commercially available home robot designed to provide assistance, entertainment and companionship to families, will also be on stage. A live demonstration will be conducted every 20 minutes and visitors to the ASUS booth can interact and have a hands-on experience with Zenbo. Zenbo won three awards at Computex 2017  Best Choice of the Year, Best Choice Golden and Computex d&i awards. DESKTOPS AND MINI PCs The latest ASUS Zen AiO and Vivo AiO models feature the new design language that combines ultra-thin design with incredible performance; while the new mini PCs feature Intel Optane technology for unmatched system responsiveness. ASUS Vivo AiO V241 and Zen AiO ZN242 ASUS Vivo AiO V241 is a stunning 23.8-inch all-in-one PC that features a Full HD NanoEdge multitouch display with wide-view technology and a near-invisible 2mm physical bezel that gives it an incredible 88 percent screen-to-body ratio. Vivo AiO V241 features exclusive ASUS Splendid, ASUS Tru2Life Video and ASUS SonicMaster technologies to deliver immersive multimedia experiences. It is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. Like Vivo AiO V241, ASUS Zen AiO ZN242 has a stylish and elegant design, with a NanoEdge display with a 2mm physical bezel2 for a 90 percent screen-to-body ratio and immersive visuals. It is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor with 32GB RAM, and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 graphics. ASUS VivoMini UN65U ASUS VivoMini UN65U combines uncompromised performance in an ultra-compact chassis. It is the worlds first mini PC to be bundled with Intel Optane memory. Intel Optane memory technology is a smart and adaptable system accelerator that improves the responsiveness of VivoMini UN65U for up to 18X-faster HDD access speeds, 21 percent-faster daily computing performance, and 1.5X-faster file searches. The high-capacity HDD, coupled with Intel Optane, gives VivoMini UN65U a combination of large storage capacities and high-speed data access. VivoMini UN65U offers full-fledged desktop performance and is powered by a 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor. Users can stream high-quality 4K UHD content via 802.11ac Wi-Fi, making VivoMini UN65U the perfect ultracompact home theater PC. It can even be connected to a TV. VivoMini UN65U has a Good Design Award-winning chassis with the iconic Zen-inspired spun-metal-effect finish, and weighs less than 700g. It is available as a barebones model and can be customized to suit a variety of needs. ASUS VivoMini VC68V ASUS VivoMini VC68V is a high-performance mini PC designed to handle intensive tasks. It is powered by a choice of desktop-grade 7th Generation Intel Core i7 or i5 processors, and features Intel vPro technology for greater security and easy remote management. A built-in amplifier and Skype-compatible function buttons allow for easy web calls and conferences, making it perfect for conference rooms and call centers. VivoMini VC68V has a versatile modular design with three configuration options. It can be specified with up to four 2.5-inch HDD/SSD for large storage capacities, making it perfect for use as a file server or media-editing platform.  Dual-storage models with an optical disc drive are ideal for daily multitasking or multimedia. The third configuration features a dual-storage design and is ideal for those looking for capable mini PC for work.  VivoMini VC68V can also be hard-bundled with the latest Intel Optane memory technology for a combination of large storage capacities and high-speed data access. In addition, the VC68V is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. ASUS VivoMini VC66D ASUS VivoMini VC66D is a compact two-liter mini PC designed for a wide range of computing tasks. It is powered by a choice of desktop-grade 7th Generation Intel Core i7, i5 or i3 processors with DDR4 memory, and features 4K UHD output via DisplayPort, HDMI and DVI. VivoMini VC66D is available in two configurations to give users the flexibility to mix and match storage options. It can be specified in a triple-storage configuration with one M.2 SSD plus two 2.5-inch SSD/HDD, or with one M.2 SSD, one 2.5-inch SSD/ HDD and an optical disc drive. VivoMini VC66D offers comprehensive connectivity, including six USB ports (with four easily-accessible front-mounted ports), an audio output jack, a 4-in-1 card reader and a serial port. Dual LAN provides network redundancy, while Desktop and Mobile Architecture for System Hardware (DASH) Standard support enables easy remote boot control and BIOS management via Open Service or the web. MONITORS ASUS ProArt PA32UC ASUS ProArt PA32UC is a 32-inch monitor with a 4K UHD IPS panel, 384-zone direct-LED backlight matrix and a peak brightness of 1000cd/m2. It features ASUS LED Driving technology for better HDR performance and optimized contrast. ProArt PA32UC features a wide color gamut of 85 percent Rec.2020, 99.5 percent Adobe RGB, 95 percent DCI-P3 and 100 percent sRGB color spaces for exceptional color fidelity. The monitor is factory-calibrated for a color accuracy value of ΔE ≤ 2, with ASUS ProArt calibration technology ensuring professional-grade color accuracy. ProArt PA32UC has two Thunderbolt 3 ports, a DisplayPort 1.2, an HDMI port and a USB 3.0 hub.   ASUS ProArt PA27AC ASUS ProArt PA27AC features a 27-inch 2560 x 1440 WQHD IPS panel and a four-sided frameless design. It provides exceptional visuals thanks to a 100 percent sRGB color space coverage and HDR 10 support. The monitor is factory-calibrated for a color accuracy value of ΔE ≤ 2, with ASUS ProArt calibration technology ensuring professional-grade color accuracy. ProArt PA27AC has two Thunderbolt 3 ports, a DisplayPort 1.2, an HDMI port and a USB 3.0 hub. ASUS Designo MZ27AQ ASUS Designo MZ27AQ features a 27-inch 2560 x 1440 WQHD IPS panel with 100 percent sRGB color coverage. This ultraslim display measures just 7mm slim at its thinnest point, and features a frameless panel design. It also features integrated ASUS SonicMaster technology, with 12W stereo speakers and an external 5W subwoofer co-developed with Harman Kardon for 2.1-channel audio. It offers a DisplayPort and two HDMI ports. The MZ27AQ is a winner of a 2017 Computex d&i Award. NETWORKING DEVICES ASUS Blue Cave ASUS Blue Cave is an elegantly designed AC2600-class dual-band smart Wi-Fi router that is the perfect match for modern multi-device homes. A specially-tuned internal antenna arrangement ensures outstanding signal strength and coverage throughout the home. A winner of a Computex 2017 Best Choice Golden Award, Blue Cave combines superb performance, commercial-grade security and family friendly features with stylish good looks. ASUS Lyra ASUS Lyra is a tri-band, tri-hub whole-home mesh Wi-Fi system that delivers complete Wi-Fi signal coverage to every corner of the home. Tri-band technology provides a dedicated band for inter-hub connections. This technology works in tandem with a smart-antenna design to automatically optimize node connections to ensure the fastest network speeds and the best signal quality. ASUS AiProtection provides enterprise-grade security; it blocks malicious sites to prevent users from being directed to links containing threats like ransomware and viruses so users smart devices and personal data stay well-protected. ASUS AiCam NightView ASUS AiCam NightView utilizes a Sony® image sensor and video processor for incredible low-light recording quality. It uses High Dynamic Range (HDR) technology to record clear, highly-detailed footage in differing lighting conditions, including backlit subjects and high-contrast settings. Unlike traditional infrared night vision cameras which only record black and white footage, AiCam NightView provides natural color images even in low light environments. All recorded footage is automatically saved on ASUS WebStorage or an SD Card. ASUS AiCam NightView has a motion-sensing feature and can be programmed to send notifications to a mobile device if any movement or sound is detected. An integrated high-quality speaker and mic support provides clear two-way audio. PROJECTORS AND OPTICAL DRIVES ASUS P3E The ASUS P3E projector features compact dimensions with a footprint no larger than a CD case, and weighs just 550 g. It has an ultra-short throw and is capable of projecting images measuring from 25 inches (0.45m) to 200 inches (3.4m) diagonally. It features a mercury-free RGB LED light source with a 30,000-hour lifespan, 800 lumens brightness and a 100 percent NTSC color gamut. The P3E features HDMI/MHL and VGA ports, and an ASUS SonicMaster-enhanced 2-watt speaker. ASUS SBW-06D3X-U ASUS SBW-06D3X-U is the worlds first external Blu-ray optical drive capable of playing 4K UHD Blu-ray movies. It has a futuristic design with ASUS Aura Sync RGB LEDs, giving it a look that goes well with gaming systems. It has a built-in fold-out stand for space-saving vertical placement. A USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type-C (USB-C) port provides fast file transfer speeds and eliminates the need for a power adapter. HEALTHCARE ASUS Vivobaby ASUS VivoBaby is a baby-monitoring system that tracks an infants skin temperature, heart rate and abdominal movements. It can be programmed to automatically alert parents to any sudden changes to the babys condition via the Vivobaby app. The international design-award-winning Vivobaby system consists of three components: the wearable Vivobaby monitoring device, the Vivobaby station for charging and communication, and the Vivobaby app for Android and iOS devices. The Vivobaby monitoring device is small, unobtrusive and made out of medical-grade materials, and it communicates with the Vivobaby station via ultralow radio frequencies. ###   NOTES TO EDITORS ASUS Global Press Room: http://press.asus.com ASUS Global Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/asus ASUS Global Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/asus   About ASUS ASUS is one of Fortune magazines Worlds Most Admired Companies, and is dedicated to creating products for today and tomorrows smart life. Our comprehensive portfolio includes Zenbo, ZenFone, ZenBook and a range of IT devices and components, along with AR, VR and IoT. ASUS employs more than 17,000 people worldwide and over 5,500 world-class R&D talents. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, the company won 4,385 awards and earned approximately US$13.3 billion of revenue in 2016.   ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/209678/209678-1.jpg ) Related Links Source WebWireID209678 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Hardware Computer Networks Computer Peripherals Consumer Electronics Electronics Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Blog Advertorial Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny Giveaway HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress Freebies Deals News Web Design 7 UI Choices That Damage UX By Jake Rocheleau · Posted 20 hrs ago · Reading time: 6 minutes 61 160 11 User experience is one of the most important aspects of modern web design. The Google Trends graph for ux design shows how much this field has grown in recent years. Yet there are still so many websites that push certain design trends which seem like the antithesis of usability. Some are done by accident or negligence, others are done on purpose. The latter are called dark patterns and they’re typically used by marketers to meet some end goal. But as designers it’s our job to push back and fight for a great user experience. The best way to do that is by shedding light on bad practices and encouraging better ones. So let’s dive into a few of these bad UX practices to see why they exist and how they might be solved.   1. Unwanted Modals The general concept of a modal window is actually very clever. It lets developers add content over the page without using JavaScript to pop open a new tab. But modal windows are not the problem. Unwanted modals are the problem and they always drag down the user experience. I’d say there are three different types of “unwanted” modal popups: Exit intents which open when the user’s mouse leaves the page body, usually hovering the browser tab; Timed modals that open after a set amount of seconds; Scroll modals that open after the user scrolls a certain distance down the page. You can see an example of an exit intent modal on this MaxTraffic post using their own exit intent script. As much as I’d like to chastise this practice I do understand this from a marketer’s standpoint: it works. The question isn’t why exit intent/opt-in modals exist. The question is whether you think it’s worth adding an unwanted modal popup to your website. Is it worth potentially annoying most of your users just for a higher conversion rate? If you’re more interested in a great user experience then the answer is obvious. Especially with Google now penalizing sites that use annoying interstitials/modals without user interaction. But these unwanted messages also give modals a bad name, which is tough because they serve a real purpose in UI design. These can be used wisely, like with modal signup fields or information-based modals triggered from a user’s mouse click. Or they can be annoying marketing messages that just appear seemingly out of nowhere. And don’t get me started on modals that won’t close even when clicking the background. I really can’t fault marketers for using these modals because they convert well. But they’re also ruining the user experience for everyone else on the web.   2. Guilt in Copywriting I recognized this trend years ago but I couldn’t put it into words until I read this article by Katie Notopoulos. She uses plenty of great examples to show how guilt-based copywriting annoys users and increase signups. This writing style appears in those annoying modals I just covered. But this writing can also appear in sidebar fields or in-content opt-in forms. One example from Good Housekeeping is just terrible (hover the browser tab to trigger). The goal with this guilt-ridden copywriting is to make the user feel so bad that they second guess their choice to close the window. It usually follows a formula that forces the user to click a nonsensical statement that’s unrelated to closing the window. For example, a modal might offer you a free ebook on web design. The subscribe button might be simple but the cancel button might read “No thanks, I like sucking at design”. There’s actually a whole Tumblr site devoted to this shaming copywriting. This is another example of a technique that works from a marketer’s standpoint, but certainly holds little value from a UX standpoint.   3. Fullscreen Interstitials It should go without saying that completely taking over the screen with an opt-in or squeeze offer is just plain obnoxious. This trend is like the unwanted modal window on steroids. These interstitials take over the entire screen and block the page unless you close the window. And sometimes it’s almost impossible to close these windows! Backlinko is a fantastic site for SEO tips, but horrible with the pushy marketing. First time visitors are always greeted with the same fullscreen modal that takes over the entire page. The background uses a video of Google SERPS which is both confusing and ugly. It places a very tiny X icon in the top right corner and the “no thanks” link is much smaller than the other text, not to mention harder to read. This thing is a usability nightmare on mobile and it’s just one example of a trend that really needs to go.   4. Slide-in Ads/offers Sometimes you’ll be scrolling down a homepage and see a small box slide into view from the side. This might be a feedback box for user testing, or it might be social sharing links or even a discount/promotion. I can deal with these every so often. If they stay out of the way and aren’t too obnoxious then, whatever. But on sites like AccessPress you can find at least 2 different slide-in boxes on either side of the page, and sometimes even a 3rd! This isn’t meant to shame AccessPress or any other sites in this list. I’m just using this as an example to show how poor UX trends can go too far. If you have a client who wants this slide-in feature try to make it subtle. No ding noises, no flashing graphics, and preferably no wacky animations. If a user wants to learn more they’ll take the time to read it.   5. Custom Scrolling Most trends in this post have been marketing-oriented because, as Gary V says, marketers ruin everything. But custom scrolling can’t be blamed on anyone. It’s just a trend that’s been around for far too long and feels like a remnant of an older web. Nowadays browsers like Chrome have their own custom scroll features that users can enable/disable on a whim. But websites like Click and Grow still have these annoying JS-based scroll features that turn navigating the site into a chore. Usually these custom scroll animations have one of two effects. Either the scroll goes too fast beyond where you wanted to rest the page, or it goes too slow and you have to whip your mouse wheel just to move. Why would any designer think these two options are better than the default? Tied into custom scrolling is a newer trend I’ve seen on single page layouts. They have fullscreen page “sections” where your scroll wheel only moves down one section at a time. Gladly has this trend on their homepage. My problem here is the same with fixed scrolling. It takes power away from the user. The Gladly section animations take way too long to complete. The Internet moves fast and Internet users always want it a little faster. So any type of custom scrolling that ultimately slows down the experience is just bad UX.   6. Nav Menus Without Padding This is a tough trend to explain but you know it when you see it. Every site has a navigation menu and most links have padding around them. But sometimes the padding isn’t clickable, so to navigate you need to click on the exact block area of the text itself. This drives me crazy! It takes maybe 30 seconds to move CSS padding from a link’s container element to the link itself. The navigation menu looks the same, but now users can click the link and the space around the link. So much easier! Take a look at Tilde’s navigation for a live example. The craziest thing about their site is that their mobile responsive navigation actually does have clickable padding. Only their desktop nav is plagued by the text-only click area. On the flip side you’ll find many sites that understand the importance of this very subtle yet crucial detail. One example is Think With Google where you can actually see the full link size while hovering: Just keep this in mind going forward because it’s a very simple alteration that can have a huge impact on usability.   7. Paginated Listicles Last but not least I’m poking a bit of fun at blogs that design their content into one-item-per-page listicles. I cannot imagine that any person enjoys constantly clicking the “next” button to read through a clickbait post. You’ll find tons of these on many different websites and none of them consider the user’s experience. This trend is mostly about pageviews and ad revenue more than anything else. And while it’s not really in the designer’s control to fix this, it does relate to the user experience and webmasters/designers should do all they can to avoid these multi-paged articles. I can only imagine how many other trends are out there annoying users on a daily basis. But I hope by sharing these ideas more designers will work towards eliminating these dark trends and reducing their presence on the web. By Jake Rocheleau Jake is a writer and user experience designer on the web. He publishes articles discussing HTML5/CSS3 and jQuery coding techniques. Find out more on his website or you can follow his updates on Twitter @jakerocheleau More articles by Jake Rocheleau Popular posts This red goes to #FG0000: Wide-Gamut Color with and Cloudinary 5 Ways to Use 404 Pages Well 10 Essential Rules for UI Design 4 Ways Use Functional Animation in UI Design How You Can Compete Against DIY Site Builders Hot deals Inboard App for Mac: Creatively Organize Your Images - only $9.99! Ends in - 4 days EXCLUSIVE! Create Up to 40 Caricatures from 1 Image with CaricatureStudio - only $5! Ends in - 1 day 35 PowerPoint + 15 Keynote Templates with 1000s of charts, infographics, maps - only $29! Ends in - 7 days Bundle: 2500+ Professional Photoshop Actions and Vectors - only $17! Ends in - 7 days Get 800,000+ Stock Vectors, Photos, Icons and more from StockUnlimited - only $39! Ends in - 6 days Sponsors Hot deals 42 Professional Fonts from Mellow Design Lab - only $9! The Complete Vector Blueprint Kit from The Artifex Forge - only $9! Lifetime Access to SitePoint Premium (1000s of Developer and Designer Books & Tutorials) - only $44! Massive Discounts on Stock Photos - 67% off! Related posts Web Design 6 tips for successful design critiques Web Design 10 Essential Rules for UI Design Web Design The simple way to get better at design Web Design The practical guide to web design workflow Aa Join our 981,540 subscribers and get access to the latest tools, freebies, product announcements and much more! Subscribe me Home About Categories Archive Authors Newsletter Advertise Write for us Legal Contact 210,547 612,458 90,777 © 2010-2017 All Rights Reserved Articles Branding Business CSS Code Demos Comics Contests Deals Design Freebies Funny HTML How To Inspiration JavaScript Marketing Mobile News Resources Social Media Sponsored Typography UX Design Usability Web Development WordPress
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Essential Home revealed to take on Amazon Echo and Google’s assistant Chris Burns - May 30, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit With the reveal of the Essential Phone, Android cofounder Andy Rubin announced the Essential Home. This is a device – part of an ecosystem of devices in the future – which runs a smart home. While the company hasn’t said so directly, this device looks to take on already existing systems like Amazon Echo with Alexa and Google’s assistant in Google Home. This device is made not only to act as a smart home center-point for the masses. Designers at Essential made this device to feel at home in the home – instead of like something from the distant future. This device is designed to be accessible by the average user, not just the early adopter. “It’s in your environment; you can tap or glance at it, but it never intrudes or takes you away from the things that are important to you,” said Mara Segal, Head of Product: Home Devices for Essential. “Think of it as an orchestra conductor for your digital instruments – something that can get them to start to work together in new, exciting ways.” The device consists of a wall plug (for power) and a base with a round touchscreen display. This device has at least one microphone and a glowing light (or array of lights) to show pertinent updates for the user. Essential calls the screen a “round auto-display [which] blends into any home environment while providing seamless access to multiple types of information and services.” This Essential Home device will also have a camera – as evidenced by its ability to activate with a “glance.” Users can also “ask” it to turn on or tap to turn on. Essential Home also aims to make sure that “your privacy is taken seriously.” We’ll see a lot more about that particular bit in the near future. At this time there is no launch date for Essential Home, but there is a sign-up sheet. Developers are encouraged to go to the bottom of Essential’s Ambient OS page to learn about the software that’ll run on Essential Home. Both Developers and users will be able to sign up there with their email for updates on availability. SlashGear will also have information as or before it’s made available to the public. Story Timeline Andy Rubin created Android: now he's making the "Essential" smartphone Andy Rubin’s Essential phone details begin to spill Andy Rubin's Essential phone pops up at GFXBench Andy Rubin's Essential jumps on Twitter, teases something big Andy Rubin's Essential Phone breaks all the rules Tags AlexaAmazon EchoAndroidEssentialgoogleGoogle AssistantGoogle Homesmart home Must Read Bits & Bytes Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on 6 Essential Phone details that make Andy Rubin’s device unique Andy Rubin’s Essential Phone breaks all the rules Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist Latest Headlines Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on May 31, 2017 5 big things Andy Rubin just told us about the Essential Phone May 30, 2017 Linux-based AGL OS to debut in 2018 Toyota Camry May 30, 2017 ASUS ROG Zephyrus aims for world’s thinnest gaming laptop crown May 30, 2017 BlackBerry KEYone US avaiability: here’s what you need to know May 30, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Beetle Dune Convertible Review May 29, 2017 Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
clock menu more-arrow AI, the humanity! AlphaGo’s victory isn’t a defeat for humans — it’s an opportunity by Sam Byford@345triangle May 30, 2017, 11:39am EDT Illustrations by James Bareham share tweet Linkedin A loss for humanity! Man succumbs to machine! If you heard about AlphaGo’s latest exploits last week — crushing the world’s best Go player and confirming that artificial intelligence had mastered the ancient Chinese board game — you may have heard the news delivered in doomsday terms. There was a certain melancholy to Ke Jie’s capitulation, to be sure. The 19-year-old Chinese prodigy declared he would never lose to an AI following AlphaGo’s earthshaking victory over Lee Se-dol last year. To see him onstage last week, nearly bent double over the Go board and fidgeting with his hair, was to see a man comprehensively put in his place. But focusing on that would miss the point. DeepMind, the Google-owned company that developed AlphaGo, isn’t attempting to crush humanity — after all, the company is made up of humans itself. AlphaGo represents a major human achievement and the takeaway shouldn’t be that AI is surpassing our abilities, but instead that AI will enhance our abilities. Demis Hassabis, DeepMind co-founder and CEO. When speaking to DeepMind and Google developers at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China last week, I didn’t hear much about the four games AlphaGo won over Lee Se-dol last year. Instead, I heard a lot about the one that it lost. “We were interested to see if we could fix the problems, the knowledge gaps as we call them, that Lee Se-dol brilliantly exposed in game four with his incredible win, showing that there was a weakness in AlphaGo’s knowledge,” DeepMind co-founder and CEO Demis Hassabis said on the first day of the event. “We worked hard to see if we could fix that knowledge gap and actually teach, or have AlphaGo learn itself, how to deal with those kinds of positions. We’re confident now that AlphaGo is better in those situations, but again we don’t know for sure until we play against an amazing master like Ke Jie.” “AlphaGo Master has become its own teacher.” As it happened, AlphaGo steamrolled Ke into a 3-0 defeat, suggesting that those knowledge gaps have been closed. It’s worth noting, however, that DeepMind had to learn from AlphaGo’s past mistakes to reach this level. If the AI had stood still for the past year, it’s entirely possible that Ke would have won; he’s a far stronger player than Lee. But AlphaGo did not stand still. The version of AlphaGo that played Ke has been completely rearchitected — DeepMind calls it AlphaGo Master. “The main innovation in AlphaGo Master is that it’s become its own teacher,” says Dave Silver, DeepMind’s lead researcher on AlphaGo. “So [now] AlphaGo actually learns from its own searches to improve its neural networks, both the policy network and the value network, and this makes it learn in a much more general way. One of the things we’re most excited about is not just that it can play Go better but we hope that this’ll actually lead to technologies that are more generally applicable to other challenging domains.” AlphaGo is comprised of two networks: a policy network that selects the next move to play, and a value network that analyzes the probability of winning. The policy network was initially based on millions of historical moves from actual games played by Go professionals. But AlphaGo Master goes much further by searching through the possible moves that could occur if a particular move is played, increasing its understanding of the potential fallout. “The original system played against itself millions of times, but it didn’t have this component of using the search,” Hassabis tells The Verge. “[AlphaGo Master is] using its own strength to improve its own predictions. So whereas in the previous version it was mostly about generating data, in this version it’s actually using the power of its own search function and its own abilities to improve one part of itself, the policy net.” Essentially, AlphaGo is now better at assessing why a particular move would be the strongest possible option. “The whole idea is to reduce your reliance on that human bootstrapping step.” I asked Hassabis whether he thought this system could work without the initial dataset taken from historical games of Go. “We’re running those tests at the moment and we’re pretty confident, actually,” he said. “The initial results have been that it’s looking pretty good. That’ll be part of this future paper that we’re going to publish, so we’re not talking about that at the moment, but it’s looking promising. The whole idea is to reduce your reliance on that human bootstrapping step.” But in order to defeat Ke, DeepMind needed to fix the weaknesses in the original AlphaGo that Lee exposed. Although the AI gets ever stronger by playing against itself, DeepMind couldn’t rely on that baseline training to cover the knowledge gaps — nor could it hand-code a solution. “It’s not like a traditional program where you just fix a bug,” says Hassabis, who believes that similar knowledge gaps are likely to be a problem faced by all kinds of learning systems in the future. “You have to kind of coax it to learn new knowledge or explore that new area of the domain, and there are various strategies to do that. You can use adversarial opponents that push you into exploring those spaces, and you can keep different varieties of the AlphaGo versions to play each other so there’s more variety in the player pool.” “Another thing we did is when we assessed what kinds of positions we thought AlphaGo had a problem with, we looked at the self-play games and we identified games algorithmically — we wrote another algorithm to look at all those games and identify places where AlphaGo seemed to have this kind of problem. So we have a library of those sorts of positions, and we can test our new systems not only against each other in the self-play but against this database of known problematic positions, so then we could quantify the improvement against that.” Dave Silver, DeepMind’s lead researcher on AlphaGo. None of this increase in performance has required an increase in power. In fact, AlphaGo Master uses much less power than the version of AlphaGo that beat Lee Se-dol; it runs on a single second-gen Tensor Processing Unit machine in the Google Cloud, whereas the previous version used 50 TPUs at once. “You shouldn’t think of this as running on compute power that’s beyond the access of normal people,” says Silver. “The special thing about it is the algorithm that’s being used as opposed to the amount of compute.” AlphaGo learned from humans, and humans are learning from AlphaGo AlphaGo is learning from humans, then, even if it may not need to in the future. And in turn, humans have learned from AlphaGo. The simplest demonstration of this came in Ke Jie’s first match against the AI, where he used a 3-3 point as part of his opening strategy. That’s a move that fell out of favor over the past several decades, but it’s seen a resurgence in popularity after AlphaGo employed it to some success. And Ke pushed AlphaGo to its limits in the second game; the AI determined that his first 50 moves were “perfect,” and his first 100 were better than anyone had ever played against the Master version. Although the Go community might not necessarily understand why a given AlphaGo move works in the moment, the AI provides a whole new way to approach the game. Go has been around for thousands of years, and AlphaGo has sparked one of the most profound shifts yet in how the game is played and studied. But if you’re reading this in the West, you probably don’t play Go. What can AlphaGo do for you? Andrew Jackson and Lee Ha-jin discuss AlphaGo's first game against Ke Jie. Say you’re a data center architect working at Google. It’s your job to make sure everything runs efficiently and coolly. To date, you’ve achieved that by designing the system so that you’re running as few pieces of cooling equipment at once as possible — you turn on the second piece only after the first is maxed out, and so on. This makes sense, right? Well, a variant of AlphaGo named Dr. Data disagreed. “What Dr. Data decided to do was actually turn on as many units as possible and run them at a very low level,” Hassabis says. “Because of the switching and the pumps and the other things, that turned out to be better — and I think they’re now taking that into new data center designs, potentially. They’re taking some of those ideas and reincorporating them into the new designs, which obviously the AI system can’t do. So the human designers are looking at what the AlphaGo variant was doing, and then that’s informing their next decisions.” Dr. Data is at work right now in Google’s data centers, saving the company 40 percent in electricity required for cooling and resulting in 15 percent overall less energy usage. DeepMind believes that the same principle will apply to science and health care, with deep-learning techniques helping to improve the accuracy and efficiency of everything from protein-folding to radiography. Perhaps less ambitiously but no less importantly, it may also lead to more sensible workflows. “You can imagine across a hospital or many hospitals you might be able to figure out that there’s this process one hospital’s using, or one nurse is using, that’s super effective over time,” says Hassabis. “Maybe they’re doing something slightly different to this other hospital, and perhaps the other hospital can learn from that. I think at the moment you’d never know that was happening, but you can imagine that an AI system might be able to pick up on that and share that knowledge effectively between different doctors and hospitals so they all end up with the best practice.” These are areas particularly fraught with roadblocks and worries for many, of course. And it’s natural for people to be suspicious of AI — I experienced it myself somewhat last week. My hotel was part of the same compound as the Future of Go Summit, and access to certain areas was gated by Baidu’s machine learning-powered facial recognition tech. It worked instantly, every time, often without me even knowing where the camera was; I’d just go through the gate and see my Verge profile photo flash up on a screen. I never saw it fail for the thousands of other people at the event, either. And all of this worked based on nothing more than a picture of me taken on an iPad at check-in. I know that Facebook and Google and probably tons of other companies also know what I look like. But the weird feeling I got from seeing my face flawlessly recognized multiple times a day for a week shows that companies ought to be sensitive about the way they roll out AI technologies. It also, to some extent, probably explains why so many people seem unsettled by AlphaGo’s success. But again, that success is a success built by humans. AlphaGo is already demonstrating the power of what can happen not only when AI learns from us, but when we learn from AI. At this stage, it’s technology worth being optimistic about. Photography by Sam Byford / The Verge Google The Essential Phone: a first look at the hardware Tech Andy Rubin says Essential’s Ambient OS will be open source, just like Android Circuit Breaker The first Essential Phones will begin shipping in June View all stories in Tech Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 71 Share on Facebook 79 Share on Twitter Total Shares169 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 18 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 249 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 21 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Google Maps v9.26.1 Adds Search Along Route For Walking And Bicycling, Changes Driving Mode FABs, Adds New Settings, And More [APK Teardown + Download] 2016/05/30 6:00am PDTMay 30, 2016 105 2 Years Ago Today The Updated Google Now Launcher In Android M Has Horizontally Scrollable Folders 2015/05/30 4:06pm PDTMay 30, 2015 180 3 Years Ago Today Future Versions Of Android Are Likely To Block System Write Access Outside Of Recovery, Even To Root Users 2014/05/30 7:22pm PDTMay 30, 2014 19 4 Years Ago Today Thursday App/Game Sales: Draw A Stickman, Clone Camera, Magicka, Crazy Machines, Call Notes Pro, And Rebuild [Update] 2013/05/30 7:36pm PDTMay 30, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Renaissance Blood THD Arrives In The Play Store, Brings Dynamic Rail Shooter Action To Tegra 3 Devices 2012/05/30 8:59pm PDTMay 30, 2012 28 6 Years Ago Today Sign Up To Test Out v1.6 Of The Android Facebook App And Gain Access To Pages, Video Uploads, Comment Liking, And Bug Fixes 2011/05/30 11:07pm PDTMay 30, 2011 4 7 Years Ago Today Froyo Ported To The EVO 4G! 2010/05/30 8:20pm PDTMay 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 424 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 33 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 92 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.402s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
PetaPixel News Equipment Tutorials Archives Send a Tip Links About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Full Disclosure Search Type here what you are looking for Search 468 K 795 K 675 K Facebook 468 K / likes Twitter 795 K / followers Google+ 675 K / followers Google Abandons Its Nik Collection of Popular Photo Editing Software May 30, 2017 Michael Zhang 5690 Shares 0 Google received praise from photographers last year when it made its $150 Nik Collection of popular photo editing software 100% free. But alas, all good things come to an end: Google has quietly announced that it will be abandoning the Nik Collection from here on out. The announcement was made through a simple banner message found on the Nik Collection homepage. “The Nik Collection is free and compatible with Mac OS X 10.7 through 10.10; Windows Vista, 7, 8; and Adobe Photoshop through CC 2015,” Google writes. “We have no plans to update the Collection or add new features over time.” Google originally acquired Nik Software back in 2012, bringing the Nik Collection and the popular photo editing app Snapseed into the fold. Snapseed had become one of the most popular photo editing apps in the iTunes App Store, and was perceived as a photo filter competitor to Instagram. But things have been going to well for the Nik family of software. In 2013, Google announced that it was killing off Snapseed for Desktop. At around the same time, Google regained some goodwill when it dropped the price of the Nik Collection from its original cost of about $500 to $150. Three years later, Google yanked that $150 price tag and made the software free. While many photographers lauded Google for the generous move, others wondered whether it was the beginning of the end for the popular collection of tools. If you’re a fan of the Nik Collection, you’ll still be able to use the tools indefinitely for now, but there’s no guarantee that the software will be supported well by future versions of Photoshop, Mac OS, and Windows. But who knows — perhaps Google will decide to make the Nik Collection an open source project for independent developers to further develop and keep alive. (via Google via DIYP) Tags: abandoned, business, discontinued, google, industry, nik, nikcollection, niksuite, photoediting, plugins, Software, tools 5690 Shares 0 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Prev Sony a9 Versus Nikon D5 and Canon 1D X II in Dynamic Range Tests Next A Closer Look at the Dolly Zoom Trending Posts The 6D Mark II Will Be Canon’s First Full Frame DSLR with an Articulating LCD 15325 shares May 29, 2017 Google Abandons Its Nik Collection of Popular Photo Editing Software 5690 shares 17 hours ago A Gorgeous Flyby of Jupiter Made with Photos from NASA’s Juno Spacecraft 3659 shares May 29, 2017 How an $80 1000mm Lens Performs on a $1,400 Sony a6500 Camera 1057 shares May 29, 2017 How NOT to Photograph a Wedding as a Guest 1710 shares 13 hours ago The Math Behind the Rolling Shutter Phenomenon 4580 shares Oct 13, 2014 Sony a9 Versus Nikon D5 and Canon 1D X II in Dynamic Range Tests 157 shares May 29, 2017 Strange Conversations from Working in a Camera Store 4385 shares May 26, 2017 The Photographer Who Shoots Wildlife in European Cities 1784 shares May 29, 2017 A Closer Look at the Dolly Zoom 125 shares 15 hours ago This Photographer Captures Chicago’s Skyline as an ‘Urban Quilt’ 527 shares May 29, 2017 The Essential Phone Has Dual Cameras, 4K, and a Dedicated B&W Sensor 99 shares 12 hours ago This Incredible Flower Timelapse Took 3 Years and 8TB of Photos to Create 51186 shares May 09, 2017 Creating a Conceptual Photo of the Full Moon Getting Swapped In 10028 shares May 26, 2017 Sony a9 Showed Overheating Warning After 20 Minutes, Photog Says 231 shares 13 hours ago Why I’m Returning My Sigma 135mm f/1.8 Art Lens 954 shares May 22, 2017 This Basketball Demo Shows the Sony a9’s Blazing Fast Autofocus 3724 shares May 27, 2017 Photographing the ‘Great Migration’ in Tanzania 1720 shares May 27, 2017 70 Inspirational Quotes for Photographers 3676 shares May 29, 2014 Choosing Where to Take Photos in a Family Home 117 shares May 29, 2017 Archives News Gear Inspiration Tutorials Reviews Archives Podcast Copyright © 2017 PetaPixel subscribe our newsletter to stay up to date 468 K 795 K 675 K
Finance Search Search BanksBank Customers Don’t Want Robo-Advisers Making Financial Decisions For Them BrazilBrazil Is Seeking to Join the OECD Despite Its Political Crisis IndiaIndia Is Still the World’s Fastest Growing Economy, Despite Last Year’s Shock Cash Crisis PointCloudWhy Steve Ballmer Loves Twitter Amazon Amazon’s Stock Just Broke the $1,000 Mark Lucinda Shen May 30, 2017 Amazon got a belated 20th birthday present Tuesday. As the wider stock markets fell following memorial day weekend, shares of tech giant Amazon nudged upward roughly a quarter of a percentage point to the much awaited valuation of $1,000 per share. The all-time high also pushed Amazon's valuation to $477.3 billion in trading Tuesday. Amazon's reach to $1,000 also meant that the company beat out shares of Alphabet, Google's parent company, to the throne. Shares of Google and Amazon have been neck-in-neck in recent days, as investors continue buying into both companies — a sign that market watchers at least believe in both tech giants' futures. But, while Amazon briefly breached $1,000 early Tuesday, Alphabet shares have reached as high as $997 a piece. That's put Amazon in the same club as Priceline Group — the only other company on the S&P 500 to boast a quadruple digit stock price. Priceline shares were trading at about $1,857 as of Tuesday. Still, share price alone is not a great marker for the value of a company. In that field, Alphabet's $682 billion market cap is a head above that of Amazon's, and Priceline's $91 billion, putting Alphabet much closer than Amazon in the race to $1 trillion. And aside from Priceline, Amazon also has another giant in the field of stock prices it can reach for. Over the past year, shares of Amazon have risen 40%. It would have to keep up that same performance for another 615 years to reach the lofty valuation of Class A shares of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, now trading at $247,025 a piece. Granted, Berkshire Hathaway has never split its stock. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Tour to Raise €20M for African Tech Start Ups May 30, 2017 • Startups, Top Stories Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 Applications Open for African Start-Ups to Join Inaugural Tour of Five European Cities. Co-creation Hub (CcHUB), a technology innovation centre in Nigeria and Google for Entrepreneurs, have announced the launch of PitchDrive, a three week, five-city European tech hub tour across London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Zurich and Paris. This partnership will bring 15 elite African tech companies together to pitch to investors, explore international opportunities and learn about frontier technology markets. African startup founders looking to raise Series A funding and above will be selected by the PitchDrive team to embark on a landmark tour that aims to build stronger networks between European investors and African tech talent. Starting in London on 14th of August 2017, the cohort will visit Google’s Campus London, TQ Amsterdam, Factory Berlin and Impact Hub in Zurich, concluding at NUMA Paris. Upon completion of the tour, the inaugural cohort will have pitched to over 300 investors, with the specific goal of raising over €20M in the three week period. This is the first tour of its kind to connect African tech companies with European capital, and the PitchDrive team is aiming to open up the sector to investors who want to build their portfolios to include emerging markets. ‘Bosun Tijani, CcHub Founder and CEO says, “PitchDrive will hit the road in August to connect Africa’s tech elite with Europe’s most influential investors. Applicants will be subjected to a rigorous selection process, and those selected will go on to have their business models scrutinised and analysed by some very shrewd and highly experienced investors at a Demo Day on each stop of the tour. It will be tough, but ultimately, we hope to help secure a number of breakthrough capital deals for those who embark on this journey with us. This is an incredible opportunity, and applications for just 15 places on the PitchDrive bus, are now welcome. “Google started in a garage two decades ago. Our bus is the equivalent of their garage. We hope that with the support of Google for Entrepreneurs on the PitchDrive tour, we may secure capital to launch a new trajectory for one or two African unicorns of the future”. PitchDrive will provide all travel, accommodation and visa support, as well mentorship and support from notable tech founders well versed in fund raising, including Iroko Founder and CEO Jason Njoku, Saidah Nash Carter of Reuters, Stephen Newton of Illuminate Africa and David Grunwald of Google for Entrepreneurs. David Grunwald, Head of Global Partnerships Google for Entrepreneurs, adds, “Entrepreneurs from across Africa are building world-class tech companies, and we are delighted to be able to use the power of the Google for Entrepreneurs network to showcase their fantastic products to audiences in some of Europe’s most important tech ecosystems” Applications are now open for African tech startups who are in a position to fundraise at seed stage and above. Those looking to apply must have been running for at least two years, and be a legal, registered enterprise able to demonstrate a minimum of 12 months revenue-generating operations and must be based in Africa. Ideally, startups will also have a strong management team who have worked together for at least 12 months and the founding team should own between 30-60% of the business with a high quality board. Founders must also be available for a three week period through the Summer of 2017. The PitchDrive team are also looking for companies that are tech enabled or proprietary/patented tech, technology that has been validated by large reputable corporate customers (where applicable), relates to retail, mobile, financial technology, health or agriculture or have a high differentiation of technology / know how. Potential applicants can find all criteria and apply at www.pitchdrive.xyz – #PitchDrive Staff Writer CcHUBfundingGooglestartupsTour « SA Company To Use Artificial Intelligence To Predict Crime Interview: Rack Centre MD believes in Nigeria’s growth potential » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Interview: Rack Centre MD believes in Nigeria’s growth potential May 31, 2017 Tour to Raise €20M for African Tech Start Ups May 30, 2017 SA Company To Use Artificial Intelligence To Predict Crime May 30, 2017 South African IT firms asked to disclose foreign trade May 30, 2017 When, Where and How Much? The Nokia 3310 set to Land in SA May 30, 2017 MTN Nigeria gets N221 Million Waiver May 30, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: SA Company To Use Artificial Intelligence To Predict Crime Stop crime before it even happens? Sounds a bit far fetched due to the unpredictable nature of the beast but...Close
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics World Immigration Health Care Features Video Latest Bryce CovertBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org May 30 Google says it costs too much to prove that it has no gender pay gap Google claims it analyzes its own pay data every year but that it would cost too much to hand it over to the government. Google CEO Sundar Pichai. CREDIT: AP Photo/Eric Risberg Earlier this year, the federal Department of Labor (DOL) accused Google of having a “systemic” gap in pay between men and women. In its defense, Google shot back by saying that its own internal analysis shows that it has closed its gender wage gaps across its global workforce and pays all racial groups equally in the United States. Yet it never publicly released that analysis. Now the company is fighting the government’s request for historic pay data by saying that it would be too costly to compile it and hand it over. Because Google is a federal contractor, it is subject to periodic audits by the DOL’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) to make sure that it meets existing fair pay standards. But when the department requested compensation information, Google failed to fully comply, sparking a lawsuit. The government said that it discovered an “extreme” gender wage gap at the company based on a snapshot of data. Google is still fighting the DOL’s efforts to get a full dataset of compensation information and contact information for employees so that it can conduct interviews. On Friday, Google officials testified in federal court that it would require 500 hours of work and $100,000 to comply with the demands, on top of claiming that it has already expended 2,300 hours and almost $500,000. “This is obviously a very time-consuming and burdensome project,” said Lisa Barnett Sween, an attorney for the company. But given that it made $28 billion in revenue last year, the DOL argued that the cost is tiny for such a large company. “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water,” said DOL attorney Ian Eliasoph. One calculation found that $100,000 amounts to 113 seconds of revenue. He also argued that the company is trying to claim it is “too big to comply” in order to skirt federal contracting requirements. The company also argues that the process of getting the data has taken too much work, requiring employees to build new systems and conduct extensive reviews. “It became too burdensome,” said Kristin Zmrhal, senior legal operations manager at Google. Yet no one seems to have mentioned that if the company feels comfortable asserting that it has no pay gaps based on gender or race, it must have already compiled and analyzed its own pay data internally, either by itself or by paying a third party to do so. The company itself has touted these efforts. “Google conducts rigorous, annual analyses so that our pay practices remain aligned with our commitment to equal pay practices,” Eileen Naughton, vice president of people operations, wrote in a blog post in April, a process she called “extremely scientific and robust.” Employees themselves have disputed the idea that Google pays everyone fairly regardless of gender or race. In 2015, Erica Baker talked publicly about a spreadsheet she had started that collected employee pay data, saying that the effort revealed “not great things” about compensation patterns and that some people were even able to use the spreadsheet to get equal pay. The company has also been public about paying different salaries for the same jobs, supposedly based on performance. At the hearing Friday, Frank Wagner, the company’s director of compensation, admitted that women who start at lower salaries in the same jobs as men can hypothetically have those disparities carry forward even if they perform similarly and are scored equally on evaluations. If women make less than men at Google, it wouldn’t be the only tech company grappling with this problem. Data has shown that female software developers, programmers, and front-end engineers make less than male ones, on average. The OFCCP also went after Oracle for a “systemic” wage gap between white men and female, black, and Asian employees, while it sued Palantir for discriminating against Asian job applicants. This kind of work may not continue much longer, however. The Trump administration has proposed folding the OFCCP into the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, despite the fact that the EEOC doesn’t conduct regular compliance audits the way the OFCCP does. President Trump also rolled back an executive order issued by former President Obama that required government contractors to disclose violating labor laws, including failure to adhere to the equal opportunity rules Google is accused of violating. Economy Equal Pay Google Women Tech 14 5 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Bryce Covert Economic Editor at ThinkProgress. Contact me: bcovert@thinkprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 14 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport In Your Area What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Crime Business Exeter North Devon South Devon Mid Devon Weather Health Education Politics Farming Why is Devon not a shire? We answer the questions that you have been asking Google about our county By RomPEllis  |  Posted: May 30, 2017   1 COMMENTS   SHARES What have you been asking Google about Devon? Why is Devon not a shire? We answer the questions that you have been asking... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / What have you been asking Google about Devon? Having you seen Kyle, 11, missing in Devon? 1 Should Devon install contactless donation points for the... 2 18 new jobs as company lands huge contract to build... 1 Comments (1) Each year thousands of people take to Google to their find out more about the wonderful county we live in or find something to do when they're a bit bored. But what is it about Devon that people are searching for the most? Google's predictive function gives a hint of the most popular queries. If you start to type a question, the search engine will guess what you want to know before you finish based on other searches - so we found the most popular things people want to know about Devon. As self-professed Devon experts, we thought we would have a go at tackling your burning questions on our county. What is Devon...? What is Devon famous for? Well where do we start? According to the top result on Google the county is best known for its cuisine - in particular custard, creamed rice pudding and clotted cream. But of course there's so much more to Devon's larder than that. Some of Europe's best meat and fish is found in the county - and then there's the great ale, cider and other traditional drinks. A host of famous people hail from Devon, with a huge range of talents between them. There are almost too many to mention but some picked by Google include mariners, such as Sir Francis Drake, Sir Humphrey Gilbert, and Sir Walter Raleigh. The singer Joss Stone was brought up in the county and Coldplay frontman Chris Martin was born here. Rock group Muse all grew up in Devon and formed the band in Teignmouth. Dave Hill of rock band Slade was born in Flete House which is in the South Hams and singer-songwriter Ben Howard grew up in Totnes. And we've not even got onto famous inventors such as Charles Babbage, Olympic athletes like Tom Daley and the world's most famous novelist Agatha Christie. What is Devon known for? Put that question into Google and the main result is Devon's famous cream teas. People flock to the county to partake in a cream tea. Of course they can get them elsewhere in the country but they never quite top the heady heights of the Devonshire cream teas - cream first of course! What is Devon Live? Well you must know that otherwise you wouldn't be on our website! Devon Live provides the county with local news, sport and more. We've been at the heart of Devon since 1824. Starting out in print with Express & Echo, Herald Express, Mid Devon Gazette, Western Morning News and North Devon Journal, we now publish around the clock online too. What is Devon custard? Ambrosia creamery is most synonymous with custard in Devon. According to Wikipedia, the Ambrosia creamery was founded in 1917 by Albert Morris, in his home village of Lifton in west Devon, to make a rich food for infants. Its original strapline was the punny 'Devon knows how they make it so creamy'. When is Devon...? When is Devon County Show 2017? Sadly Devon County Show 2017 has been and gone. Although you can re-live all our coverage right here. HRH The Countess of Wessex, who is president of the Devon County Agricultural Association which stages the show, spent Thursday and Friday meeting many volunteers, exhibitors, competitors and visitors. Next year's show at Westpoint on the outskirts of Exeter is on May 17, 18 and 19 2018. When is Devon and Cornwall Blues on? Devon and Cornwall Blues - or Devon and Cornwall Cops as it was called when it aired - ran on ITV for four weeks in April. The series, narrated by Neil Morrissey, included footage shot in Torquay, Plymouth, Ilfracombe and Exeter, where police deal with the special challenges such as a big Devon Derby football match. From the Isles of Scilly to the crowds of Plymouth, the show gave the public an insight into how Devon and Cornwall Police tackles the unique challenge of policing more than 700 miles of coastland plus urban and rural communities. The final episode is still available to watch on ITV Hub. When is Devon Horse Show? The annual Devon Horse Show is currently taking place in Devon, New Jersey - so nothing to do with our Devon! It runs until June 4 and is internationally recognised as one of the most exciting horse events in the United States. While it draws top competitors from around the world, the show continues to reflect the local traditions and lifestyles of the Philadelphia Main Line. When is Devonte Graham's birthday? A question that is sure to be on the lips of people across the county. In case you've never heard of him (we hadn't either) Devonte Graham is an American basketball player for the Kansas Juniors. He turned 22 on February 22 - so now you know. Why is Devon...? Why is Devon called Devon? Good question. Google says that Devon gets its name from the Dumnonii, a name that the invading Romans gave to the Celtic tribe in that area. The Romans invaded Devon about AD 50. The name Dumnonii means 'a person who lives in a deep valley', and it comes from the hills and valleys of the area. Why is Devon Island uninhabited? Many Devonians might not know that Canada's Devon Island is the largest uninhabited island on the planet. The ground remains frozen for almost the entire year and for only a brief period, lasting 45 to 50 days, during the height of summer, the ground is snow-free. Summer temperature rises barely about 8C. The average annual temperature is -16C, and you thought our Devon was cold! Why is Devon soil red? Now this is a question that many locals and holidaymakers might genuinely ask. Red sandstone makes up much of Devon's cliffs, especially in the east of the county. Its upper layers consist of mudstones, but most of the formation consists of reddish sandstones, interbedded with rare evaporite minerals such as halite and gypsum. The rock crumbled into the soil - therefore making that red too! Why is Devon not a shire? Devon was once a 'shire' but it's not anymore. The county is officially just known as Devon now despite previously being called Devonshire - you'll still hear it referred to as that from time to time. A shire is a traditional term for a division of land which was first used in Wessex from the beginning of the Anglo-Saxon settlement. Report this article Read more from Devon Live Most Recent Most Commented Having you seen Kyle, 11, missing in Devon? Should Devon install contactless donation points for the... 18 new jobs as company lands huge contract to build fishing... Islamaphobic attackers throw stones and shout abuse at Devon... Selfish driver blasted for preventing delivery of potatoes to... Travellers descend upon popular Exeter playing field Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated EchoCritic  |  May 30 2017, 4:29PM Devon is a large shire county in the South Western peninsula of the United Kingdom. |   5 Report YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Drivers Salary : Undisclosed Learning Support Assistant (2 posts) Salary : Competitive Administrator Salary : Undisclosed Finance Assistant Salary : tba PA to Headmaster Salary : Competitive Warehouse Assistant Salary : 7.50 per hr Accomodation Cleaners Salary : Competitive Rates Stylist Salary : Between £7.50 and £11 p/h Instructor – Land & Environment Salary : £20,000 - £27,000 pa Dispenser Salary : Undisclosed Health Care Assistant Salary : Undisclosed Food & Beverage Assistant Salary : EXCELLENT RATES OF PAY DEPUTY MANAGER Salary : £13,533 actual salary (FTE £27,066) Activities Co-ordinator Salary : £20,661 per annum Housing Options Officer Salary : £23,398- £24,964 pro rata per annum Business Coaches and Mentors Salary : c£45,000, plus and benefits Business Finance Specialist  Salary : £45,000 per annum plus excellent benefits Receptionist Salary : Undisclosed ​HR OFFICER Salary : Good Rates of Pay OVO Energy Administrator Salary : £15,607.53 - £17,688.53 (pro rata) Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Exeter City Exeter Chiefs Rugby Cricket Other Sports Picture Galleries Our Site Video Jobs Dating Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a photo Cars Property Classifieds Business Directory Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis & Vehicle HIre Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad iPhones to be fitted with artificial intelligence: Apple will include 'neural engine' chips on future devices Bloomberg claims Apple wants AI hardware to match Google and Qualcomm Apple is developing the chips for augmented reality and self-driving cars  Apple devices currently split AI tasks between the main processor and a GPU New chip, known as the Apple Neural Engine, has its own module for AI requests  By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 10:52 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 11:55 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 45 shares 30 View comments Apple will install a chip for carrying out artificial intelligence processing on future iPhones, according to a new report. The chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, will bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. The AI-enabled processor will handle tasks normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition and could even alert us if it thinks we are getting ill. Scroll down for video The new chip, called the Apple Neural Engine, would bring new capabilities to mobile devices that will revolutionise how we use our phones, inside sources suggest. Pictured are leaked images of what the iPhone 8 might look like WHAT COULD THIS MEAN? The chip will handle tasks are normally only managed by humans such as facial and speech recognition. An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. In the future they could be used to monitor body readings and alert our phone when if we have an abnormal reading that needs acting on. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever.   Apple engineers are trying to keep up with Google and Qualcomm, according to the report by Bloomberg. Although Apple has got voice recognition assistant Siri, Amazon Echo and Google Home assistants have given other companies an advantage.   An AI-enabled processor would help Apple get more advanced capabilities into their devices such as cars that self-drive and gadgets that have augmented reality. 'Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,' said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst. 'At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.' Although AI is used to power assistants such as Siri these rely on computer servers processing data rather than processing data themselves.  The inclusion of AI software in phones will further increase how much we depend on them. For example they could pick up early signs of conditions such as dementia, Parkinson's or diabetes. This could be ascertained from limitless data on our every move - such as how we walk or talk. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Big Brother-style satellites capable of tracking CARS from... The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the... Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new... Is your boss a nightmare? Leaders with too much charisma are... Share this article Share 45 shares Currently Apple devices have two chips - a main processor and a graphics chip. The new chip would mean these tasks would be carried out a single chip which would work even when the device is not connected to the internet.  The introduction of chips into phones will greatly speed up how fast machines can learn which will make AI more sophisticated than ever. Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit (pictured),  is 15 to 30 times faster than the processes that power today's computers This unit connects Google services such as Google Search, Google Street View, Google Photos and Google Translate.  WHAT IS A TPU? Google's hardware, the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the processors that power today's computers and is the company's first chip, announced in 2016.  TPUs are application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) developed specifically for machine learning. TPUs are designed for a higher volume of reduced precision computation than other types of processing units. The chip was specifically designed for Google's TensorFlow framework, but Google still uses other chips for different types of machine learning.  At the I/O conference this year Google announced an updated version would soon be available to users of its cloud business and sources suggest it will soon be integrated into many devices.  AI on a phone is also likely to be useful in helping to keep the device secure and protected from external threats. They could be used as a way to uniquely identify the wearer of a device.  Phones could be part of a broader network of machines which are dependent on AI - including cars. Last month the UK government handed £12.8 million ($16.4 million) to an AI firm to develop a driverless car system. The report suggests Apple may choose to discuss its latest AI work in its developers conference in June.  Read more: Apple Is Working on a Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 45 shares Most watched News videos Heart-stopping moment van driver pushes motorist into fast lane Heart-stopping moment lorry pushes car across motorway Moment Jeremy Corbyn fails to provide figures during interview Jeremy Corbyn responds to questions about how he'd deal with ISIS Frosty exchange between Jeremy Corbyn and audience member on IRA David Cameron spotted queue jumping to buy socks in JD Sports 'Are you a moron?': Mum rebukes reckless driver that crashed Police officer grills Theresa May on police recruitment policy Peston bangs his head on the table after frustrations with Fallon The Life Swap Adventures forces two men to experience a new life Jeremy Corbyn admits to meeting with IRA 'former prisoners' Large police presence after road rage incident in Rochester So, where's Willie? Walsh, British Airways' normally... Car boot seller who sparked outrage by hanging NAZI flag... Helicopter pilot who spent four years barricaded inside... Lorry driver, 55, who won a six-month battle to overturn... Shocking video shows 40 people in a mass brawl which left... 'My uncle... bank holiday BBQ... no words': Hilarious... Dying man's friend 'hit him over the head with a SAUCEPAN... Did BA system overheat in the warm weather after airline... Russian explorers find £13.5million in old Soviet money... Senior teachers accused of being at the centre of the... Copenhagen's iconic Little Mermaid statue is doused in... Alleged victim of two ex-BBC presenters accused of child... Trafficking gang who made at least £1.2million using taxi... Grand Reformation: Tudor palace visited by Henry VIII is... ‘Britain’s worst school’ is accused of trying to silence... Corbynistas troll Jewish journalist behind Woman's Hour... Two drunk Brits cause 770 Eurostar passengers to be... BA's ruthless cost-cutting Spanish boss who was plucked... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 30 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display The prehistoric creatures in the deep sea: Hawaii submersible expedition lets scientists study 'living... How a fungal infection can make wine smell BETTER: Study finds 'bunch rot' in grapes can enhance certain... What data do YOUR apps reveal about you? Study finds seven out of 10 share information with third party... Has the 'alien megastructure' mystery been solved? Astronomers say rings and asteroids could explain strange... Why wandering can be SAFER: People walking to work or an errand are more likely to stroll into dangerous... The mysterious new phase of matter that could show how glass behaves (and it only took researchers 30 PAGES... Did Enceladus TIP OVER? Cassini images reveal Saturn's moon might have been kocked over by an asteroid... Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled... Need a hand with that? Bizarre strap on bot can give you an extra pair of arms From a chess playing robot with 'supervision' to a backpack that lets you experience VR anywhere: Taiwan's... MORE HEADLINES Billionaire Bigelow space mogul says he is 'absolutely convinced' there are aliens on Earth Our best look yet at the iPhone 8? Leaks suggest Apple's new handset will have an edge-to-edge display How many dots do YOU see? Scientists reveal how our brains prefer their own invented visual images to reality The surprising ancestry of ancient Egyptians: First ever genome study of mummies reveals they were more Turkish and European than African The iPhone killer? Android inventor Andy Rubin unveils the 'Essential' phone he hopes will take on Apple That really IS a Grand Canyon: NASA releases stunning image of the famous landmark snapped from space Do YOU have superpower genes? Experts reveal three genetic mutations that can give you extraordinary abilities Was Einstein wrong? A FIFTH force of nature governing our universe could be found in the heart of our galaxy Is this the Galaxy Note 8? Leaked video claims to show the follow up to the explosion prone Samsung smartphone Einstein was RIGHT about black holes: Groundbreaking experiment finds matter completely vanishes when pulled in by an 'event horizon' Archaeologists uncover 500 year-old ovarian tumor with five TEETH in it Engineers reveal what the Golden Gate Bridge would look like if it were built today How Ice Age Europeans travelled thousands of miles in their lifetime to become immigrants in distant empires The app that lets you 'talk' to a loved one after they die by creating a realistic avatar of them using a single selfie The incredible moment an octopus outsmarts a crab fisherman and steals his catch MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Intrepid explorers capture a series of breathtaking images after venturing deep into Britain's hidden underground wonders  158 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Internet 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Saikat Basu May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 7 minutes 13 Alternative Search Engines That Find What Google Can’t Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email R.I.P Google. What would be your first reaction if you saw this? Scared, because your life is completely enslaved to Google. Or, hopeful because this suggests that something better has already arrived? Well, no one is chipping on that digital tombstone yet. But right now, go ahead and feel both those above emotions for a moment. Yes, Google has fenced us in and completely tethered us. And, let’s be hopeful because that better search engine is going to arrive. From all signs, it is going to Google armed with Frankesteinian artificial intelligence. But it does not mean that there is no grass outside that fence. There are some patches of green – because let’s face it – Google Search still can’t do everything. They just have close to a million data servers. A few alternative search engines 7 Google Search Alternatives and Their Trademark Features 7 Google Search Alternatives and Their Trademark Features Are you a die-hard Google user? Give these alternative search engines a try. From privacy to helping out charitable causes, these search engines could give you some reasons to change the way you browse. Read More have stepped in and mounted a challenge. These Search Engines Do What Google (Still) Can’t Some are worthy contenders for the second-place medallion while some are just go into those niche corners of the web. Let’s take an interest in some novel search engines that reach the little cubbyholes where even Google can’t. 1. Ecosia — The Search Engine with a Heart Google does good for the world in its own way. Ecosia does its bit in a small way. As you browse, the 80% of the ad profits go into programs that help to plant trees in Burkina Faso, Madagascar, Indonesia and Peru. The search engine uses a modified Bing custom search. You can use Ecosia on your desktop computer or laptop and also on iOS and Android. Read through their FAQ where they open up about the project and also show you the progress of their planting programs. 2. Qwant — Keep Your Privacy Open your bag of privacy tools to add Qwant to the collection of no-tracking search engines. Qwant is also a more visual search engine compared to Google. The search engine also utilizes Microsoft Bing. You can register and log-in to create visual boards by bookmarking the results you like. The privacy policy on the site says, Even when you are connected with an ID, we don’t use any cookie nor any other tracking device when you browse the site. Local storage on your machine is used to save your settings and data. Any personal data connected to your ID is also deleted after you cancel your account. 3. Peekier — Security, Privacy, and No Tracking Any search engine that does not store user data is always worth a try. Peekier is among the new privacy conscious search engines that was made popular by DuckDuckGo 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google Google Search is king. But DuckDuckGo has earned a loyal fan following. It has a few unusual features that even Google doesn't have. Read More . Their policy reiterates that do not log your personal info or track you throughout your browsing sessions. You also might like the clean design and the fast results delivered in little preview cards. The search results are taken from Bing. Click the hamburger icon on the top right to tweak the settings. Peekier auto-suggests search keywords and you can further refine them with more keywords integrated in the search bar after the results. 4. SearchTeam — Search with Your Team Google has some wonderful collaborative apps. Google Search isn’t one of them. This gap is somewhat plugged by SearchTeam which calls itself a “collaborative search engine”. It’s a good concept for teams who want to save time when they are looking for the same things. A few more things to try out — use SearchTeam to plan a vacation with family members and friends. Try to plan a reunion with your extended family. Or, research the web for a medical condition. Invite others into your SearchSpace with email. If you log-in with a Facebook account, SearchTeam will automatically suggest the people you want to invite. SearchTeam has only one obstacle – it is not free like Google. You can try out the interesting idea with a free trial account till the founders offer a free version. 5. Yippy — Declutter Your Search Yippy is bit more than a traditional search engine. Some of you might remember it by its old name – Clutsy. And as the old name suggests, it de-clutters search results by tapping into several search engines. It then combines the results and groups similar results into groups. You can shovel deeper into your search with the group keywords on the left. The meta-search engine also filters out undesirable results, so you can recommend it as a good educational search engine for kids. 6. Kiddle — Do Child-Safe Searches Let’s talk about kids. Google isn’t a great product for kids even though there is a SafeSearch bouncer at the door. Kiddle is a nice alternative for family-friendly search 10 Search Engines For Kids That Help Out Parents With Safe Browsing 10 Search Engines For Kids That Help Out Parents With Safe Browsing Read More . But do note that it is not an official Google for Kids product. The search engine is a customized version of Google that is more visually appealing for kids. Big thumbnails, images, fonts accompany the kid-safe web, image, and video search. Do tell us in the comments if Kiddle manages to keep every search kid-safe or some unwanted results slip through. Search the Web with These Niche Search Engines 7. JustWatch — Find What’s Streaming JustWatch has one purpose only – turn you into a movie and TV series addict. We don’t mind. Online streaming is sending cable back to the dinosaur age. So, if you are a cord cutter you would want to discover where your favorite show is on next. It’s also a shortcut to find out what’s new on each streaming platform. You can customize your preferences and use the easy filters for providers, many different genres, IMDb or Rotten Tomatoes ratings, prices, HD/SD, or release year. JustWatch also has apps for Android and iOS. 8. Giphy — For All Your GIF Search Needs It is just possible that our grandchildren will be communicating in GIFs only. Okay, that’s farfetched. But, you can be prepared if the animated dystopian future comes true with Giphy. Google does a good job of finding animated GIFs now, but I bet the world still flocks to Giphy through their mobile keyboards. Try it out on the desktop next time. 9. iFind3D — Find 3D Printable Models Google Search still hasn’t caught up with the wave of 3D printing. But this search engine steps into the niche. It is still in beta, but nearly 800,000 models from different model collections should be enough to inspire your next 3D design. You can check out the complete details of the design. Save it or download it for your own work. Do note that many designs are paid but you can filter them out from the search page. 10. NASA Images — The World’s Largest Stock of Space Photos Any space and science lover 7 Stellar Visualizations That Help Us Fathom The Mysteries Of Space 7 Stellar Visualizations That Help Us Fathom The Mysteries Of Space Visualizations help us fathom the unfathomable. When we have to talk about space and how it affects us, there are fewer better tools than the visual imagery of an infographic or an interactive visualization. Read More could fall in love with this one. This is an amalgamation of image, audio, and video resources from more than 60 different locations into one searchable index. Search, discover and download a treasure trove of more than 140,000 NASA images, videos and audio files from across the agency’s many missions through history. NASA has laid down some usage guidelines. But news outlets, schools, and text-book authors can use NASA content without needing explicit permission. 11. Libraries.io — A Open Source Discovery Service Are you a coder or a web developer? Give this search tool a try for your next Open Source project. Libraries.io helps you find libraries, modules, and frameworks from the open source ocean. Their plug says that they monitor 2,285,392 open source libraries across 33 different package managers. Search projects by language, license, and keyword. The site will also notify you of new releases when they become available. 12. SearchCode — Search Code Snippets Stay with the project you are trying to complete. This search engine for Open Source code Open Source Matters: 6 Source Code Search Engines You Can Use For Programming Projects Open Source Matters: 6 Source Code Search Engines You Can Use For Programming Projects Open source projects need all the help they can get. If not with funding, then with volunteers contributing to open source programming and free tools they can brandish. Search engines tuned with algorithms to find... Read More might just help you get through the tough parts. The results are gathered from Open Source repositories that are indexed and searchable. The search goes into 10+ sources and covers 90 languages. Code search can get complex. So, use the filters to narrow it down to a specific source, repository, or language. Results will be displayed with the relevant lines highlighted. 13. Ludwig — A Linguistic Search Engine I thought Google Translate could handle it. But Ludwig is an interesting language search engine that approaches from the other side. Don’t type the sentence you want to translate. Type the best guess of the English translation you need. The search engine compares your approximate sentence with a database of contextualized examples taken from standard sources like The New York Times, PLOS ONE, BBC and scientific publications. Check the list of results against your first sentence and learn the correct one. Expand each sentence in the results to see it used in context. My first few attempts left me confused but then I am fluent in the Queen’s language. Nevertheless, it is an interesting way to learn the English language 7 Apps to Help Anyone Improve Their English Grammar 7 Apps to Help Anyone Improve Their English Grammar You may cringe at the thought of those endless grammar worksheets from elementary school. Luckily, apps are a more fun and modern tool for grammar learning. Read More in the garb of a search engine. Do You Rely Only on Google? These search engines aren’t about overpowering Google. Think of them as “specialty” search tools. In any case, Google might be the 800-pound gorilla on the web, but there are several good options for niche searches. Meanwhile, the search for an unbiased search engine continues. Till then, learn tips and tricks to improve the way you search How Search Engines Work & Ways to Improve Your Search Results How Search Engines Work & Ways to Improve Your Search Results Tired of searching a bunch of times to find what you want? Here's how search engines actually work and what to do to make your searches faster and more accurate. Read More . What is your pet peeve against Google? Which is your favorite Google Search alternative? And do tell us about any “undiscovered” but novel search engine you have come across. Originally written by Kabir Chauhan on Jan 18, 2009 Previous PostThese Could Be the Happiest Sites on the Web for YouNext PostYouTube Has Become Better! 9 New Features You Need to Know 105 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mike September 29, 2016 at 12:23 pm How VERY depressing that nobody who offers search engines, or Kabir, is able to grasp the importance of at least providing an option of searching for EXACTLY what is asked for, not mediated by trying to decide what the user really wants, and not by ignoring "punctuation". The phrase "in-law" (as in father-in-law, sister-in-law etc) is NOT the same as the phrase "in law" (as in "in law you may not...", for example). Try and find a way to search for it. Reply Kenneth December 10, 2016 at 10:04 am Google pretty much figures that out automatically. So does duckduckgo. There are a few other hits in between, but it's 1 in 10 or less. If you want a search that hardcore searches for nothing, but hits for "in-law" you do the following search: +"in-law" -"in law" Reply BLAH BLAH April 27, 2015 at 4:38 am BLAH BLAH BLAH - STILLLLLL Reply Pissed Off December 12, 2014 at 11:42 pm As the world continues to spiral downwards further into hell, i am forced myself to make all aware who see this page in the future of the atrocity that has occurred. Sigh... FilesTube.com, *wipes away tear* no longer works..... They changed there site into a (omg it's disgusting to even say) a LICENCED MOVIE SEARCH. Yes, you read that right, feel free to vomit, i did. The largest and most popular search engine for, well... anything really, is now a legit website... Pfft... fuckin spineless cowards, fly your pirate colors high. Reply Kenneth December 10, 2016 at 10:06 am Start your own engine if it's a problem for you. Then you're the one who has to weigh the risks and rewards of being legit or pirate. Reply Dave February 12, 2010 at 8:21 am one of the best File Search engines is http://www.filekingdom.com..There's no adverts and last I heard they have of 10 million links indexed Reply Strony Internetowe February 9, 2010 at 9:38 am good article! Reply ldii January 30, 2010 at 10:01 pm Interesting, however Google is still the most leading provider. Reply Lanny B January 21, 2010 at 3:51 am http://book-searchr.com - brand new search engine of free ebooks! Reply filesdownloader January 18, 2010 at 10:23 pm you can try http://filesdownloader.com. This site combines power of filestube and filespump. great Reply nana January 14, 2010 at 2:51 pm Try this: http://www.on-file.com, search files from RapidShare.com, Mediafire.com, 4shared.com, MegaUpload.com, Uploading.com in multiple languages. Thanks Reply files bay January 3, 2010 at 8:16 am Why http://filesbay.net/ is not reviewed? I think it's best of rapidshare search engines. Also Files Bay have torrent search - http://torrents.filesbay.net/ Reply Marco December 14, 2009 at 1:25 pm I didnÂ´t know that Twitter has a search engine. (???) Reply Natovr December 13, 2009 at 9:08 am Twitter has a search engine. It's like a thought search engine :) Reply tim December 2, 2009 at 3:58 am thanks good article Reply ldii November 29, 2009 at 12:36 pm Very interesting information. I like it. Reply jual rumah November 29, 2009 at 12:33 pm Quite awesome features. Thank you for the useful share. Reply Nic November 25, 2009 at 11:54 pm well most people using google rite now,but for some reason i prefer using yahoo Reply suckit November 5, 2009 at 11:39 am http://www.scrubd.com <<= documents & books Reply haylet October 29, 2009 at 3:21 pm Maybe engines need to search only trusted sites. I think search4alive.com is pretty good. I found everything like movies, music, programs, e-books even subtitles. They are not just giving the links and the content too. You can give it a try. Reply Jason September 26, 2009 at 7:44 am I personally prefer glotouch.com. It isn't a search engine, but it works great as your homepage...you can choose any search engine you want. Reply mÃ¼zik dinle September 23, 2009 at 11:44 pm Thanks for such a nice info. Reply Mike September 23, 2009 at 1:02 pm Try http://fileknow.com rapidshare search engine. Big and up to date database, Reply almond August 19, 2009 at 11:03 pm how about http://butiwanttowatchit.com/ videos search engines wrap into one Reply OnlineShopper August 17, 2009 at 6:18 am For those who are looking for shopping comparison then the best (xyshop.co.uk) UK online shopping site is XYShop. Reply akram August 8, 2009 at 6:19 am please take a look on the best way to search rapidshare just go to rapidshare and type the thing you like to find and in miliseconds you have it :) have fun Reply arama motoru optimizasyonu July 27, 2009 at 6:02 am thanks for these great resources. I am really glad to find them Reply dnif lima July 25, 2009 at 11:38 am rapidlinkfind.com/ is very good at rapidshare.com files. Reply Tania July 20, 2009 at 10:06 am I think there is no one who can compete google. Reply Super Mobile Game June 26, 2009 at 9:09 pm thanks nashya for avun search engine Reply hilary June 8, 2009 at 11:17 pm this was an amazing list - never heard of any of them! Reply Max Sterbation June 5, 2009 at 9:52 pm redtube youporn pornhub tube8 Reply BobCruncher June 5, 2009 at 6:12 am I always use metacrawler.com. It uses many of the other search engines including Google and Yahoo!, combines the results, rates them, and orders them. Reply FiFtHeLeMeNt June 1, 2009 at 6:23 am Nice List , Thank you. But The Best I found is crawlrapidshare.com it searches the net in real time. I suggest you to add this to your list ;) Reply Nashya May 29, 2009 at 2:58 pm Where's did u get all this info? Its very usefull, thanks! Reply Nashya May 24, 2009 at 12:17 pm Hey Dirav, avun is a complete search engine, thanks. Reply Dhirav May 20, 2009 at 1:36 am http://www.avun.com/ Reply Mitch May 9, 2009 at 8:53 pm Here's the only problem with this list - Google finds just about anything. However most, if not all, of these sites are specialized whether it be for music, video, or what have you. Just puttin' it out there. Reply Rapid4files lover April 27, 2009 at 10:28 pm Very very nice list! Thank you very much Reply david April 18, 2009 at 6:52 am Nice article. Appreciate Coostr. Would like suggest my favorite. Reply Greg April 15, 2009 at 10:00 am For file hosting search engine, i prefer http://www.avun.com Clean design, fast and much search result, no ads annoying. Reply kiura March 26, 2009 at 9:24 pm didn't like. thought rapidshare would be a great idea. yet every time I went to the site, advertisements jumped in my face....without any click on, or near or even appearance of said advertisement. not cool. Reply sam March 10, 2009 at 1:01 am I think alot of the ability of a site to be found has to do with how well a site is built and optimized Reply UTogger February 11, 2009 at 7:17 pm Great post. I'm going to try some of these right now! Reply Chuck February 8, 2009 at 8:50 am I think alot of the ability of a site to be found has to do with how well a site is built and optimized. Most are not optimized correctly and therefore the necessity for different search engines to try to figure out what a page or site is about. Reply Aaqib February 8, 2009 at 12:19 am Gud,, thanks alot Reply High Voltage SEO January 31, 2009 at 1:11 am Excellent article! RE: Jason. Google is by far the search engine of choice, there isn't even a close second. Women prefer Yahoo! above other search engines, but Google is still king. :) Reply Raj January 31, 2009 at 2:53 am Good one Kabir. First comes first is the Logic. asknanu.com Reply fkhan January 30, 2009 at 11:51 am yea nice article and nice comments :). informative Reply Jason January 29, 2009 at 12:37 pm Your statement about "virtually everybody" using Google now is not true. In fact, there are more people than you think that use Yahoo. Yahoo has been around longer than Google. For those of us that have been using the internet since the '90s Yahoo is usually the search engine of choice. For the younger crowd, I would agree that they use mostly Google. Reply Tori January 30, 2009 at 1:29 am I've been using the internet since the 90s and while, yes there was a time when yahoo was the end all be all, I switched to Google as soon as I knew about it. Reply ATOzTOA January 29, 2009 at 8:29 am For Rapidshare, you can take Advanced Search in Google and give domain as rapidshare.com. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 12:01 pm Another excellent suggestion. Reply Asweri January 28, 2009 at 7:55 pm Awesome list, great Reply Subhankar Ray January 28, 2009 at 7:46 pm Kabir, Please, check out our search engine AAfter.com with simple features that no one has. Let me know what you think. 1. URL => multiple tinyurls 2. IP or domain => all about IP/ domain and so on.. Cheers! Subhankar Ray Please, remove any duplicate comment. I had problem in commenting here. Reply Subhankar Ray January 28, 2009 at 7:19 pm Well, our search engine http://aafter.com does some cool useful stuff that others do not do. We also do lot less tracking or monitoring. Regards, Subhankar Ray Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 12:00 pm Subhankar, I've checked your engine out. It's definitely something to be proud of, congrats and what you've accomplished! Reply Matt January 28, 2009 at 3:58 pm Midomi is another awesome search engine. You can hum/sing/whatever the tune and it will match up songs that sound like what you searched for. Reply naam mein kya rakha hai bhai? January 27, 2009 at 5:56 pm This is a rili nice post. awesome! Reply Dorela January 26, 2009 at 9:20 pm Don't forget mininova.org Reply Christopher January 26, 2009 at 10:48 am If the results of the above engines are not from google, they are likely to have come from a site using the same technology... I simply think there is only so far you can go without relying on some sort of expert or human-based filter to clear away the weeds and find what works. Mahalo is fine but seems increasingly weak. Sweetsearch.com is one just launched that appears to have some staying power. Reply saurabh January 26, 2009 at 3:15 am wow, thanks kabir. till now i thought search started and ended with google. cuil and zuula are ok as well. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 30, 2009 at 11:55 am Thanks for the suggestions Saurabh! Reply Jon January 24, 2009 at 9:16 am To second Timothy's comment above, I will say if you can't find any of these things with Google, you are using it wrong. See here if you really want a powerful search that will find exactly what you're looking for: johnny.ihackstuff.com/ghdb.php Reply kris April 7, 2009 at 2:19 pm hey jon... the postings on that link r old.... very old. Reply Rob January 21, 2009 at 3:28 pm I bet you most of those are google backed queries for theirs sites.... Reply Chris January 21, 2009 at 11:34 am These are good but what about the growth in human-powered search and research services? I still have trouble filtering through the ads and jazz when I am doing research online. I may not be 100 percent on the human-driven services but sites like sweetsearch.com are certainly growing on me. Reply Borellus January 21, 2009 at 8:58 am Snazzy, I might use a few of them. Reply lazyking January 20, 2009 at 4:15 pm Nice post! maybe I'll put a link on my blog unboredme.blogspot,com Reply Regine January 20, 2009 at 2:08 am Thank you for sharing this. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:11 am Thanks for the comment! Reply Seo January 20, 2009 at 12:45 am A good new search engines list except Google. Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:10 am Glad you like it Seo! Reply bebo January 19, 2009 at 7:20 pm What a great list, have only seen 3 of them previously, big stumble bud :) Reply Kabir Chauhan January 20, 2009 at 10:10 am Thanks a bunch bebo Reply tacky residue January 19, 2009 at 6:05 pm Try octoparts.com for hard-to-find electronic bits; it'll search all sorts of datbases and vendor parts lists. Reply Srinivas January 19, 2009 at 12:55 pm Thanks Kabir... Srinivas Reply Srinivas January 19, 2009 at 12:12 pm Hi Any good search engine for e books? particularly IT stream.I know few URL's but they are not complete. Srinivas Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:41 pm I've been trying to find a few but I've only come across some mediocre , you could try ebook-search-engine.com/, but again, its not my favorite site for ebooks. Good Luck! Reply Ross January 19, 2009 at 10:59 am Great info. I will be trying some of the music ones out with some of the many obscure tracks I am after. Reply Eliot Sykes January 19, 2009 at 10:51 am Twitter's search of all tweets is becoming my first choice search engine for some queries http://search.twitter.com/ This could be the best human powered search engine out there. Reply What? January 29, 2009 at 3:22 pm What the hell Eliot, are you retarded? Yes that's very useful, if you want to search twitter. That's hardly a search engine. Anyway, great list. Thanks! Reply Eliot Sykes January 30, 2009 at 3:53 am Good point, well made. I didn't offer much explanation did I? Guess I was in a rush. Apologies. search.twitter.com is great for searching for tweets containing links. "filter:links" is good for this. For example, if you wanted to find articles on oscar nominations try "oscar nominations filter:links" http://search.twitter.com/search?q=&ands=oscar+nominations&phrase=&ors=&nots=&tag=&lang=all&from=&to=&ref=&near=&within=15&units=mi&since=&until=&filter=links&rpp=15 Now what'd be handy is if these results could be shown as just the links ordered by the number of times a link is tweeted - anyone know anything that does something like this? Thought I read about something on Mashable about this but can't find it now. Reply Timothy January 19, 2009 at 9:23 am Good for people who don't know how to harness the power of google. For others, who are capable of understanding complex Google queries, you should try that. If you know what you are doing you can use Google to find just about anything. The only other search engines I use are those integrated with Flickr or DeviantART (to find Creative Commons images). Reply Asheer March 9, 2009 at 11:21 am hey nice say man i completely agree with u with correct keywords u can surely reveal the awesome power of google Reply Crysiss January 19, 2009 at 8:55 am No, not mininova - isohunt.com is better because it is indexing mininova and over 500 other torrent sites. Reply torrent January 19, 2009 at 6:17 am Ok, but you missed mininova.org Reply Mason January 19, 2009 at 10:55 am Good list. fansnap.com & ticketstumbler.com do the same thing as tickex - check them out! Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:38 pm Mason, I have to say these are not too shabby. Reply falaque January 19, 2009 at 5:22 am Google is no more god...:) Thanks for such a nice info. Reply unknown January 19, 2009 at 3:39 am Any good site that has quality FREE xxx stuff Reply Audrey January 26, 2009 at 9:10 pm redtube.com Reply honkerparade March 27, 2009 at 10:51 pm yep Reply Chris January 19, 2009 at 2:54 am It is time people wake up to the grave dangers in putting everything into the corporate hands of just one or two companies (online or off). Therefore, I thank you for showing that it is not just possible, but doable. Reply Ammar January 19, 2009 at 2:36 am All are the same. All are full of Ads :-D Reply Medisoft January 11, 2010 at 10:10 am I use findsounds.com to find little audio clips like a door closing, baby crying, car starting, etc. No ads either. Reply guille January 19, 2009 at 5:57 am Try Reply James January 19, 2009 at 5:49 am Don't forget the Science search engines scirus.com and for papers arxiv.org is invaluable. Arxiv is referenced regularaly as a source of information for the widely regarded NewScientist Magazine. Reply ADwyer January 21, 2009 at 9:09 am Thanks for sharing this James, really good resource for my business. Great that this post has been so productive in uncovering great info. Thanks everyone! Reply FredThompson January 12, 2010 at 9:49 am New Scientist is part of the AGW fraud. "Highly regarded" as "scientific" propaganda, perhaps... Reply Viral January 19, 2009 at 4:17 am Have a look at MagicLamp (magiclamp.qsh.in) A highly customized search to help find the following: - Movies - Songs - Code Makes use of google custom search but has a highly powerful customization. Additionally there are lists of ~1000 sites in each category to stress upon when searching. The results are just awesome. Reply Jim January 18, 2009 at 7:24 pm http://rapidshare-search-engine.com/ is better than Rapidshare1 no annoying pop ups Reply CA February 5, 2009 at 8:04 am Yes there are pop ups on this site and my virus checker picked up a Trojan...thank goodness Ihave that! Reply tansui January 18, 2009 at 11:10 pm You missed out two good search engines : downloadanystuff.org for downloading free stuff and fatfingers.com/ for finding things on ebay Reply Kabir Chauhan January 19, 2009 at 12:37 pm These are some excellent picks! Reply Saikat Basu 1214 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search How to Research Health Issues: The Best Alternatives to Dr. Google Internet How to Research Health Issues: The Best Alternatives to Dr. Google 7 Quick Games You Can Play On Google Search Gaming Internet 7 Quick Games You Can Play On Google Search Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 144 Plus 1 on G+ 72 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares278 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? D.Smithee *crickets* Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.752s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Kushner tries to pretend everything’s normal White House to Europe: Trump picks on you because he likes you The fatal flaws in Trump’s economic math Trump’s climate conundrum nears a verdict Spicer’s ‘middle finger’ to the press How Trump gave the Supreme Court a second chance on Japanese internment Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Get the Morning Tech Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print FCC quorum politics By Li Zhou 05/30/2017 10:00 AM EDT With help from Margaret Harding McGill and Nancy Scola FCC PARLOUR GAMES — Speculation has swirled for months about the possibility that Democratic Commissioner Mignon Clyburn would depart the agency, leaving it without the quorum of three commissioners necessary to conduct major business. Some on the left have sketched out a strategy where she stymies the net neutrality rulemaking by doing so — crippling the agency, but also slowing the Republican majority’s efforts to reverse Obama-era rules. But a little-known agency rule that would allow FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to convene a so-called “board of commissioners” if a quorum can’t be met adds another wrinkle to the wonky calculations. Story Continued Below — The board of commissioners — which would be Pai and follow GOP Commissioner Mike O’Rielly - would have the power to largely carry out commission business as usual. And while there is an exception to prevent the board from finalizing rules, they can override that if they deem it’s in the public interest to do so. Lawyers familiar with the FCC’s rules tell Margaret this means Pai and O’Rielly could finalize the roll-back on net neutrality even if Clyburn tries to stop them by leaving the commission. A spokesperson for Clyburn’s office said she is “well aware” of the option to form such a board. “This is why Commissioner Clyburn has continued to reiterate the importance of having a minority voice at the table that pushes back against an agenda that does not put #ConsumersFirst,” the spokesperson said in a statement. — To be sure, the political cost of moving forward with the controversial change in an unorthodox way would be high. And it could bring additional risks in the expected legal challenge to come. FCC watchers don’t expect it to come to this, but with Clyburn’s term technically expiring in June, it’s something that’s on the radar of the chairman’s office. TECH SPEAKS OUT AGAINST TEXAS BATHROOM BILL — In an echo of what happened in North Carolina last year, more than a dozen prominent techies including Apple’s Tim Cook, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, Salesforce’s Marc Benioff and IBM’s Ginni Rometty are urging Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to reject any legislation that would impose restrictions on the bathroom usage by transgender students. The state legislature is reviewing a bill mandating that transgender students can only use the bathroom matching the gender on their birth certificates. — The tech leaders say such policies are “bad for our employees and bad for business,” while highlighting the economic heft their companies have within the state of Texas. Benioff previously used Salesforce’s business presence in Indiana to pressure then-governor Mike Pence to reverse course on a bill that could give businesses legal cover if they refused service to LGBT individuals. “As large employers in the state, we are gravely concerned that any such legislation would deeply tarnish Texas’ reputation as open and friendly to businesses and families,” the tech executives write. CCIA GETS GOOGLE'S BACK IN ORACLE PATENT FIGHT — Amicus briefs are due today in federal appeals court for those siding with Google in the long-running battle over whether it violated Oracle’s patents and copyright when it used the Java programming language and related APIs to develop its Android operating system. First in, and beating the post-holiday rush, is that of the Computer & Communications Industry Association, whose President and CEO Ed Black says “if copying code to ensure a product is interoperable is prohibited by the court, it will have a chilling effect on innovation." (Google is among CCIA's member companies, as are other giants such as Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft.) Briefs lining up behind Oracle's side on the case were due in February; among those filing one then was the Copyright Alliance, which argued that concluding Google had engaged in "fair use" could "radically diminish the copyright protection available to recording artists and record companies, book publishers, and others." Expect more Google-supporting briefs to flow in today. After that, the next big date to look out for in the case is July 3 — the deadline for Oracle to put its final written arguments before the court. GOOD TUESDAY MORNING and welcome to Morning Tech, where we feel like this tech-inspired creation is a latte. Send your tech and telecom tips to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. Catch the rest of the team’s contact info after Quick Downloads. ICYMI: DELRAHIM TALKS DOWNSIDES OF VERTICAL MERGERS — DOJ antitrust nominee Makan Delrahim acknowledged that vertical mergers — a category the AT&T-Time Warner union falls into — can have negative antitrust impacts, in written responses that he submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee. “There are instances when vertical mergers can have anticompetitive effects,” he writes. “The vertical mergers most likely to require a close look by government enforcers are those where there is risk that upstream or downstream competition may be foreclosed by the transaction.” Delrahim also touched on a number of other topics that could be of interest to techies: — On the role of IP protections in promoting innovation: “It is my view that the intellectual property laws combined with the proper enforcement of antitrust laws together form the basis of our successful innovation policy. … One of the [the] challenges I foresee in this area is dealing with international enforcers who may not necessarily place the same value on intellectual property rights abroad that we do in the United States, or that may enforce their antitrust laws in ways that could stifle innovation.” — On whether antitrust laws should keep up with the convergence of tech and telecom: “The antitrust laws have been in place for well over 100 years and continue to play a vital role in protecting competition despite how the economy and industries have evolved. I believe those laws are flexible enough to take in account industries that are rapidly evolving and involve converging platforms and technologies.” — On the state of competition in the wireless market: “I have not recently studied the state of competition in the wireless market and therefore do not have any particular impression regarding its competitiveness at this time.” UHF DISCOUNT LEGAL BATTLE — The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals wants the FCC to explain by Thursday why the court shouldn’t order the agency to hold off on implementing the so-called UHF discount. Free Press, Common Cause and other groups asked the federal appeals court on Friday to pause the reinstatement of the discount pending their appeal. The discount effectively loosens the FCC’s TV ownership rules by changing the way UHF stations count toward calculating a company’s reach. According to the court documents, it’s scheduled to take effect June 5. ITIF BROWSER ACT — The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation is one of the latest tech groups to oppose the BROWSER Act recently introduced by House telecom Chairman Marsha Blackburn. The bill would require certain online platforms like Google and Facebook, as well as ISPs, to establish opt-in policies for sharing users’ sensitive information including browsing data. “Congress should reject this legislation, or any similar proposal that attempts to impose opt-in requirements on the digital economy,” ITIF vice president Daniel Castro writes in a blog post. “The only redeeming feature of the BROWSER Act is its pre-emption of state internet privacy rules — because the only thing worse than a bad law is a patchwork of them.” SILICON VALLEY MUST-READS — — Google says gathering data on equal pay too expensive: In response to a Department of Labor investigation that alleges the tech company has a systemic problem underpaying women, Google said it would be too costly for it to compile the salary data that the government requested about the issue, The Guardian reports. A DoL attorney responded to these claims with skepticism, saying: “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water.” — British Airways hit with IT glitch: It really hasn’t been a great year for airlines and another incident this weekend just continued to pile on to the series of snafus and PR scandals the industry has experienced. British Airways was forced to suspend all flights out of London after an IT mishap left its systems down, Market Watch reports. — Spotify settles copyright suit: “Spotify has reached a settlement with a group of songwriters who had sued for copyright infringement, eliminating an (sic) potential complication to the public offering that the streaming service is planning later this year,” Billboard reports. “Under the agreement which will need to be approved by the court, the streaming company will set up a fund worth $43.4 million to compensate songwriters and publishers whose compositions the service used without paying mechanical royalties.” TRANSITIONS — DocuSign is the latest company to join BSA | The Software Alliance. QUICK DOWNLOADS Holder’s Uber report expected Wednesday: “Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is expected to present his report on Uber's workplace issues ― including specific allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination ― to the company's board of directors this Wednesday,” Axios reports. AlphaGo retires: Following its defeat of the best human player of the board game Go in the world, Google’s DeepMind AI isn’t set to play any more event matches, The Verge reports. Japan to update policies on drone deliveries and self-driving cars: “Japan aims to finalize on June 9 plans to allow package delivery by drone sometime from 2020 and the commercialization of self-driving trucks by 2022, as it scrambles to breathe new life into its corporate sector, sources told Reuters.” Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold), Steven Overly (soverly@politico.com, @stevenoverly) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou) « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Li Zhou is a technology reporter for POLITICO Pro. She previously worked at The Atlantic as an editorial fellow, and has written for The Boston Globe and Smithsonian Magazine. She is originally from northern California and graduated from Harvard. You can usually find her eating munchkins in the Longworth Dunkin. Most Read Trump: Our relationship with Germany is 'very bad for U.S.' White House to Europe: Trump picks on you because he likes you Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 5/30/17 Friday, 5/26/17 Thursday, 5/25/17 Wednesday, 5/24/17 Tuesday, 5/23/17 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine 5 Reasons This Still Isn’t Watergate By John A. Farrell Paul Ryan’s Favorite Charter School By Kyle Spencer JFK at 100 By Jeff Greenfield How the ‘Hamilton Effect’ Distorts the Founders By Sen. Mike Lee More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
jalopnik Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Ford's Fired CEO Got Burnt When The Google Deal Collapsed Stef SchraderYesterday 10:07am Filed to: The Morning Shift TMS Dieselgate Ford Google BMW Bosch Hatchbacks 190 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Photo credit: Ethan Miller/Getty Images Good morning! Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning. Here are the important stories you need to know. 1st Gear: Google Was The Last Straw For Mark Fields At Ford We all know why, more or less, former Ford CEO Mark Fields was abruptly let go last week: Ford’s stock price is way down as it, and other automakers, have a hard time convincing Wall Street they’re prepared for the future. And the board isn’t happy. Advertisement But there’s more to that situation, Sharon Carty over at Automotive News reports in a must-read story. Fields knew a big tech partnership with a Silicon Valley firm would make a huge splash and give him the investor confidence Ford needed. That’s why he tried to make a deal with Google to develop autonomous vehicles at the end of 2015, before any of the major automakers had a solid plan to make autonomous vehicles work. At the time, Google was also still looking for a car platform—preferably hybrid and/or electric—to build their autonomous technology on. But it was this failure to seal the deal that became the beginning of the end for the Ford board’s confidence in Fields as CEO. Automotive News writes: A look back at the timeline of the Ford-Google talks reveals a moment that became a turning point in Fields’ career at Ford. His failure to pull off the deal indirectly left Ford struggling to voice an autonomous vehicle strategy that resonated with stakeholders and led to the emergence of Jim Hackett as his replacement as CEO. Sources who spoke with Automotive News described a true culture clash between the two companies: Sponsored Google was comfortable with the Silicon Valley approach of “frenemies” — sometimes partnering with competitors so each side can learn something. That concept seemed anathema to Ford, sources said. Overall, one of these partners was way into this budding relationship than the other. Google wanted more of a quiet technical partnership whereas Fields and Ford wanted to do something big enough to bump that lagging stock price. News of a possible partnership still leaked out to the press, which bumped Ford’s stock but caused a dip in Google’s. When an expected announcement about a Ford-Google tie-up didn’t happen at the Consumer Electronics Show in 2015, no one was happy. Ultimately, this culture clash was enough to kill the deal, which in turn, convinced Ford’s board that Fields had to go. Automotive News writes: Advertisement Within weeks of the deal falling apart, Executive Chairman Bill Ford identified [Jim] Hackett, a member of Ford’s board, as someone who had a good relationship with Silicon Valley. Hackett was named head of the new Ford Smart Mobility unit just a few weeks after that and was named CEO a little more than a year later. You can read the whole unusual tale here. Advertisement 2nd Gear: Bosch Now In Trouble With BMW Over Missing Parts First Dieselgate, now BMW—the troubles for embattled automotive supplier giant Bosch just don’t seem to end. BMW is seeking compensation from Bosch after missing Bosch components for many BMW models—including the ultra-popular 3-series—ground production to a halt in BMW plants in Germany, China and South Africa, reports Bloomberg: Advertisement A lack of steering gears supplied by Bosch, the world’s largest car parts supplier, means there’s only limited vehicle production at various German plants, while factories in Tiexi, China, and Rosslyn, South Africa, have moved up or extended planned interruptions, BMW purchasing chief Markus Duesmann said Monday in an emailed statement. Bosch said it’s working intensively with BMW to minimize the impact. The disruption was caused by a bottleneck at an Italian company that supplies the casings for Bosch’s electronic-steering systems, the Stuttgart, Germany-based firm said in an emailed statement. It dispatched employees to Italy to help solve the problem as soon as possible. BMW is still recovering from a rough first quarter where their profitability dropped in the midst of overhauling several models at once and investment in new technology at the company. The steering gear shortage interrupted production of many of BMW’s bread-and-butter smaller cars, including the 1-series, 2-series, 3-series and 4-series. Advertisement While BMW can make up some for lost time by adding shifts, it’s unclear how much the parts shortage has cost them just yet. Either way, they’re blaming Bosch for it and want Bosch to pay up. 3rd Gear: Porsche SE Denies Misleading Investors About Dieselgate Because Of Course They Do Advertisement Seriously, who would fess up to that? Porsche SE, the investment vehicle which holds the majority of Volkswagen AG’s shares, denies that they misled investors when it comes to Dieselgate, despite having many of Dieselgate’s key figures on its board, writes Automotive News: ﻿“We view all legal claims against Porsche SE related to the diesel issue as unfounded,” CEO Hans Dieter Poetsch, who is also VW supervisory board chairman, said Tuesday in a prepared speech at Porsche’s annual shareholders’ meeting in Stuttgart, Germany. Porsche is “convinced” that none of its board members violated stock market rules, he said. Legal woes intensified after Stuttgart prosecutors confirmed this month they’re investigating Poetsch, along with VW CEO Matthias Mueller who also sits on Porsche’s management board, and Martin Winterkorn, a former CEO of both companies. Authorities allege the men waited too long to inform shareholders of Volkswagen’s emissions cheating problem after it hit the fan in September 2015, which would be considered market manipulation. Similar allegations are also being made about Volkswagen stock. Volkswagen ultimately admitted that 11 million of its diesel vehicles were cheating on emissions tests. The entire Dieselgate debacle has cost them $25.1 billion to date—and counting. Advertisement 4th Gear: Automotive Suppliers May Come To The U.S. Without Bringing All Their Jobs Automotive News highlighted the case of Gentex, an automotive supplier of self-dimming mirrors, garage door motors and other components, where an automotive company was able to move production back into the United States: Advertisement In recent years, Gentex closed its two foreign plants in low-wage Mexico and China and consolidated all production into a single factory complex in western Michigan. That sounds exactly like what the Trump administration wants: move more factories in our borders, so they can put more Americans to work. Except one catch: Advertisement ﻿But Gentex designed its plan not for political reasons, but for purely competitive ones as its products become more complex. And for champions of the push to create U.S. automotive jobs, Gentex has sobering news: Making modern car parts in America today is going to take a whole lot of robots. Factory automation is what made it possible for Gentex to move production from overseas to the Midwest. Robots are cheaper to keep around than people, and for Gentex, they’re also driving their defect rate down. It’s dramatically affected the size of their workforce as well, with mirror production lines formerly staffed by 20 to 30 workers now only staffed by 5 or 6. 5th Gear: The Hatch Is Back Advertisement Hatchbacks, once an unloved body style in the United States, are enjoying a nice bump in sales, reports the Detroit Free Press: In 2017, compact and subcompact car sales are down 25%. But hatchbacks in those classes have risen 16%. A rush of new models will test the strength of that demand. “Hatchbacks are the nugget of hope for the small car segment,” Ford sales analyst Erich Merkle said. And rightfully so: the hatchback version of many new small cars looks so much better than the version with a trunk. They’re also shorter than the sedans, but often offer more space in the rear thanks to the extra height. Hatchbacks now account for a quarter of all small car sales. Ford in particular is enjoying the hatchback bump, with 40 percent of Fiesta and Focus sales coming sans trunk. Reverse: The Indianapolis 500 Begins First Indianapolis 500 held - May 30, 1911 - HISTORY.com On this day in History, First Indianapolis 500 held on May 30, 1911. Learn more about what happened …Read more Neutral: Are You A Hatch Fan? Advertisement Advertisement Would you ever give up the easily enclosed confines of a trunk for hatchback life? Or have you already? 6th Gear: ICYMI Takuma Sato's Honda Engine Survives All 200 Laps To Win The 2017 Indianapolis 500 Why Can't I Make My Own Engine? Navy SEAL Dies After Parachute Fails To Open During Fleet Week Demonstration Stef Schrader stef.schrader@jalopnik.com @stefthepef Editor, Black Flag. 1984 "Porschelump" 944 race car, 2010 Mitsubishi Lancer GTS. You may also like Jalopnik Here Are The Awful Experiences That Ruined Cars For You Yesterday 11:26am Foxtrot Alpha U.S. Marines Went To Syria And Lobbed Over 4,500 Shells At ISIS When You Weren't Looking Yesterday 9:30am Jalopnik Engineers Are Not Mechanics Yesterday 3:30pm Recent from Stef Schrader 67 30.2K Black Flag · Stef Schrader Slumbering NASCAR Fan Left Behind After Race By Just About Everybody Yesterday 9:30pm 46 23.6K Black Flag · Stef Schrader Drunk Indianapolis 500 Fans Are The Gift That Keeps On Giving Yesterday 5:23pm 127 14.4K Jalopnik · Stef Schrader Here Is Everything We Know So Far About Mercedes’ 1000 HP Hypercar Yesterday 3:21pm Deals · Shep McAllister Now You Can Get Belkin's Energy Monitoring WeMo Insight Switch For $20 Yesterday 5:16pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 975.88 4.41 Essential Home is a proactive home assistant that focuses on privacy (but still watches you) Ben Schoon - May. 30th 2017 5:40 am PT @NexusBen Essential Essential Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today the Essential Phone we’ve been seeing teasers about finally went official, bringing us one of the most beautiful bezel-less smartphones we’ve seen to date, all within a fairly reasonable price and with some crazy features and specifications. Along with that, however, Essential has another product to debut — the Essential Home. The best gifts for Android users This new home assistant, like Google Home or Amazon’s Echo family, is designed to listen to your queries and commands and provide the relevant information, but this product sets itself apart in four major ways. First, its design. The Essential Home is a cylinder with a slope which actually reminds me a bit of Google Home’s shape if it were shorter and wider. However, this design also includes a large round display. The company says that it is focused on bring a home assistant that “you’ll actually be proud to display in your home. No boxes, tubes or strange lights.” The second way Essential Home sets itself apart from the competition is the way it handles data. Rather than sending information off to servers, Essential Home attempts to handle most of the data it processes locally on the device. That’s a refreshing change from Google and Amazon’s approach, but how it works in practice is going to be interesting, to say the least. Along with that, Essential Home does more than just responding to you, sometimes it will take the initiative. Using its custom Ambient OS, Home is able to mimic Google Now to an extent, providing information such as traffic times and calendar events when you need it along with other contextually relevant information. How it pulls this information is a little unclear, but it tells me that there may be some level of Google account integration in this device. Lastly, Essential Home is more than just an always listening cylindrical tablet you ask questions to, it also apparently watches you. Essential hasn’t provided any details on how this works, but on its site it says that you can “ask, tap, or even glance to activate” the device. Presumably, the Home has a camera or sensor of some sort that looks for people in the vicinity and activates when it detects that you’re looking at it. We still don’t know a lot about the Essential Home, like pricing, but Wired reports that the device will be going on sale this Summer and that the company has already built an impressive smart home control system. Apparently, it can already interact with major platforms such as Nest, Samsung SmartThings, and even Apple’s HomeKit, as well as integrating with Google Assistant, Siri, and Alexa, somehow. Hopefully, we’ll get a lot more details in the coming weeks. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Essential View THe Guide Essential Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Articles l l How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to Decrypt and Rip DVDs With Handbrake Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Which One Should You Buy? How to Use Windows 10’s Storage Spaces to Mirror and Combine Drives Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Find and Use Android Instant Apps By Cameron Summerson on May 30th, 2017 Google announced something called “instant Apps” for Android at last year’s Google I/O conference. After a year in the oven, they announced that Instant Apps are now available for all developers to use. In turn, there are also a handful of apps you can test out now. What are Instant Apps? in a nutshell, Instant Apps allow users to check out most of the features of an app without actually installing it by using deep links and running in a modular environment—hence the reason developers have to enable it as a feature and it doesn’t “just work” for all apps. Now, that said, this doesn’t work exactly like you may expect. For example, you don’t launch these apps from the Play Store. Instead, they launch natively from search results or other compatible hyperlinks. RELATED ARTICLE The Best Stuff Google Announced at I/O 2017, In a Nutshell Essentially, when you click a link for an website that has an Instant App, Google Play will download a few necessary assets to run the app, then instantly launch it—no install required. In its initial announcement, Google said Instant Apps will be great for apps that you’ll use for a single purpose, like paying for parking, for example. This way you can avoid having to mess with a mobile website (which can often be more annoying that convenient), and instead get a native experience that won’t hang out when you’re finished with it. At the current time, Instant Apps work on Android 6.0 and above, though support for Android 5.x is currently in the works. If your handset meets those requirements, you might be able to enable access to Instant Apps now. How to Enable Instant Apps Alright! Now that you know what Instant Apps are, it’s time to make sure you can actually use them. First, jump into your phone’s Settings menu by pulling down the notification shade and tapping on the gear icon. From there, scroll down to Google and tap on it. Under the “Services” section, look for Instant Apps. If you don’t have this option, it’s either not available on your account or incompatible with your device, unfortunately. For example, I have it on my Pixel and Nexus 6P, but not on the Galaxy S8. If you do, however, go ahead and give it a tap. Slide the toggle at the top to enable the feature. A popup will show up with a brief description of what Instant Apps are. Just tap the “Yes, I’m in” button to get finish up.   Now that you have it enabled, it’s time to start using it. How to Use Instant Apps At the time of this writing, there are only a handful of apps that support Instant Apps, so we’ll keep it simple and use Wish, which seems to be working for pretty much everyone at this point. Open up Google Chrome or Google Now and do a search for “Wish.” Find the option that has “Wish app – Instant” just under the description, then tap on it. A Google Play window will show up briefly as it downloads the necessary assets. A few seconds later, a fully native app should launch.   A lightning bolt will show up in the notification shade, which indicates you’re running an Instant App. A quick tug of of the shade will give you a couple of options: Go To Web and App Info. The first one will redirect you to the app’s mobile website, while the second one will show all relevant info for the Instant App, including a way to install the full application and clear app data. As you use more Instant Apps, these bits of app data and whatnot will be stored locally on your phone. To get back to the above screen (so you can clear data) without having to actually launch the Instant App again, jump back into Settings > Google > Instant Apps. All of the Instant Apps you’ve launched will show up here, where you can clear data or install the full app if you’d like. While Android 6.0+ is required to for instant Apps right now, bigger things are planned in Android O once it’s released. For example, users will be able to launch Instant Apps directly from the launcher, just by searching for them in the search bar. Also, there will be an option to add a icon to the home screen for an Instant App, almost removing the need to ever do a “hard” install again. That’s neat. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 05/30/17 DID YOU KNOW? Even if you shave a tiger bare, it will still have its stripes; tiger skin shares the same distinctive coloration as the fur that grows out of it. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 5 Ways to Run Windows Software on a Mac Here’s How an Attacker Can Bypass Your Two-Factor Authentication How to Check if a Disk Uses GPT or MBR, and Convert Between the Two How to Change Your Browser’s User Agent Without Installing Any Extensions Everything You Need to Know About Watching DRM’d Media on Linux How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on a MacBook How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments5 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Volokh Conspiracy Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Another libel takedown order The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Eugene Volokh By Eugene Volokh May 30 at 10:09 AM Follow @volokhc Check out this order, Motamedi v. Oesterblad (E.D. Mich. Aug. 5, 2015), submitted to Google with a redaquest to deindex the websites listed as defamatory in the order; here’s an excerpt: DEFAULT JUDGMENT AND PERMANENT INJUNCTION Recitals WHEREAS, Plaintiff, through counsel, having filed a motion entitled: PLAINTIFF’S MOTION FOR: ENTRY OF DEFAULT AGAINST DEFENDANT WEBEXPRESS, LLC AND DEFAULT JUDGMENT AGAINST DEFENDANTS, which appears as docket number 18 on the CM/ECF system in this case. WHEREAS, Plaintiff’s motion having been scheduled and brought on for hearing before the Court and submitted to the Court for decision on Thursday, July 31, 2015, before the honorable Judge Mark A. Goldsmith, presiding…. IT IS HEREBY ORDERED: that Plaintiff is awarded a money judgment in the amount of $5,270.19 for Plaintiff and against Defendants …. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED: that to prevent further or future harm to Plaintiff’s reputation in the community and protect his employment from the dangers of labeling him as a “sex offender”, Plaintiff is awarded a permanent injunction against Defendants … compelling these Defendants to immediately remove any and all sex offender postings of Plaintiff caused by these Defendants, including but not limited to the sex offender postings presently on the following websites: – http://www.sexoffenderrecord.com/citydirectory/ID/Meridian/Abraham_Motamedi_1353346 – http://www.sexcrimedata.com/ – http://ev.onlinedetective.com/ – http://onlinedetective.com/ – http://offendex.com/ IT IS FURTHER ORDERED: that to prevent further or future harm to Plaintiff’s reputation in the community and protect his employment from the dangers of labeling him as a “sex offender”, Plaintiff is awarded a permanent injunction against Defendants … compelling these Defendants to refrain from ever posting any similar sex offender posting concerning Plaintiff or otherwise posting defamatory statements concerning Plaintiff on the internet. IT IS SO ORDERED. This Order is a final judgment and therefore resolves the last pending claim and closes the case. Dated:     August 5, 2015 s/Mark A. Goldsmith … MARK A. GOLDSMITH United States District Judge … This might raise all sorts of interesting questions: Should 47 U.S.C. § 230 allow injunctions ordering websites to remove material that had been found to be defamatory? Should the injunctions be binding on Google and similar sites, even if they weren’t named as defendants (a question pending before the California Supreme Court, in Hassell v. Bird)? If they aren’t (and this order indeed doesn’t claim to bind Google), should Google voluntarily deindex sites found to be defamatory? Should Google be suspicious of default judgments, because of the possibility that the defendant wasn’t properly served? Alas, this is not the case to deal with these interesting questions — because it’s not a case. There is no Motamedi v. Oesterblad in the Eastern District of Michigan. The case number 2:13-cv-14541 (the number listed in the order) in that district corresponds to a completely different order. There is no Daniel Ro. Markus, the lawyer who, according to the order, was responsible for the case. The order submitted to Google was a forgery, like the ones discussed here (Lichterman and Aukerman), here (Arnstein), and here (Haas). There is a Motamedi — indeed, such a forged order is useful only insofar as the URLs that it aims to get deindexed are real URLs that criticize real people. I got in touch with him, to see whether he was responsible for filing the order, or if this was done by some company he hired (in which case it might have been done without his knowledge that the order would be forged). I got a good deal of bluster from him and insistence that this was indeed a real order. Maybe he does believe that it is a real order, because he hired someone who duped him into thinking that a real order was procured — but he wouldn’t tell me who that someone might be. And this should be instructive to all of us: Never trust a court document (a subpoena, an order, or anything else) from someone else’s case until you check it with the court records. Sometimes you can do it online for free, sometimes for a modest amount — and if you get the document as part of your business, it’s a cost of doing business — and sometimes by calling the clerk of court’s office. I wish that this weren’t so, and that you could trust documents that ostensibly come from the government. But you can’t. For more on other Internet libel takedown orders and related matters — some of which are fraudulent or at least underhanded in other ways — see this set of posts. opinions volokh-conspiracy Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ opinions volokh-conspiracy Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 5 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy. Follow @volokhc 5 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Portland mayor asks feds to bar free-speech and anti-sharia rallies after stabbings 2 ‘In the face of hate he did not hesitate to act with love’: A grieving mother’s letter to Trump 3 A guide to the five major investigations of the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia 4 Mississippi slaughter: A timeline of 8 killings by one man in a single night 5 To find girl missing 33 years, Fla. police gave her a voice on Twitter. It was eerie. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions volokh-conspiracy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Bots in SERPs Bing launches bots for local businesses (restaurants only) Trending story Study: Yelp drives higher conversions than Google and Facebook Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Analytics & Conversion Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. How to track conversions like a pro Driving more traffic is only good if you're driving the right traffic. Columnist Ryan Shelley outlines three simple conversion goals you can track that will give you powerful insights into how your users are interacting with your website. Ryan Shelley on May 30, 2017 at 9:46 am More How do you know if what you are doing is actually working? Sure, traffic may be going up, but what about after that? Are your new visitors taking actions that lead to real business results? The goal of SEO is not to just drive more traffic — it’s to drive better traffic. And the only way to know if we have hit our goal is to measure how our users are interacting with our site after they’ve arrived. Conversions are usually associated with e-commerce and business transactions. But in truth, there are a number of different types of conversions. Today’s websites have multiple conversion points, from subscribe widgets and phone numbers to pop-ups and chatbots. But the conversion elements are only powerful if you have the right audience interacting with them. Tracking conversions will give you a better understanding of your website’s traffic. By learning what your users are doing after they land on your site, you will be able to know whether you are driving the right type of traffic. The great news is that you don’t need fancy software to pull this off. You can use the Google Analytics goals to help you track conversions on your site. Below are three simple conversion goals you can track that will give you powerful insights into how your users are interacting with your website. 1. URL destination In this type of conversion, you are tracking when a user lands on a specific page URL, link www.yoursite.com/thank-you. This is usually used to track if a user has completed a form submission. To set this up, you’ll need to go to your admin section, and under “view,” click goals. From there, you can create a new goal. Setting up a URL destination goal is pretty simple. Just fill in the input boxes that Google gives you. On thing to note: In the goal URL you don’t need to add the full URL, just what comes after the domain. For match type, you can specify how strict you want Google Analytics to track. If you want just one specific URL, choose “Exact Match.” If you have a number of user-generated URLs that all start with a specific string, you can use the “starts with” option. This type of goal will let you know if users are converting on key pages of your website. The data you collect here is extremely valuable when you are trying to determine if you are driving the right type of user to your site. 2. Duration goals Do you know how long your average user is staying on your site? Is there a correlation between a user’s time on your site and their becoming a customer? Instead of wondering, you can set up a duration goal inside Google Analytics to find out. Unlike a conversion that is tracking a destination, this type of conversion is focused on your users’ behavior. To create this goal, you’ll need to go back to the admin section of your website property in Google Analytics. Create a custom goal type and click “duration.” Instead of tracking a destination, you’ll be tracking time on the site. Give your goal a name to help you you keep track of the conversions you’re measuring. The condition is where you will decide how you want to track. For engagement, we’ll want to choose “greater than.” Next, you’ll add the goal time. As you can see, you can get pretty specific here. This will help you understand if your users are finding your site engaging. If you notice that they are leaving quickly, you know that either you are driving the wrong traffic or your site is not meeting users’ needs. 3. Pages per visit Similar to the duration goal, pages per visit is about understanding user engagement. The hypothesis is that if you are driving the right type of traffic, they will engage at a higher rate. So let’s talk quickly about how to set this up. Once again, this will be done in the admin section of Google Analytics. You’ll choose a custom goal, and this time, select Pages/Screens per session. For the condition, you can choose “greater than,” “equal to” or “less than.” For the purpose of tracking user engagement, we’ll choose “greater than.” Then add the number of pages you want to see trigger a conversion. Final thoughts Knowing whether your users are engaging with your site will help you better qualify your SEO efforts. Reporting is often one of the hardest parts of any SEO or digital marketer’s job. Since there is so much data, it’s often difficult to know what to track. While showing increased traffic and rankings can be nice, showing how your users are interacting will help you verify if you’re driving the right type of traffic to your site. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Ryan Shelley Ryan's pretty much your average guy, except for the average part. He is the owner and founder of Shelley Media Arts LLC. He is passionate about helping companies make a more personal connection online with their customers and prospects. Ryan is active in influencing and promoting human driven SEO, personalized marketing and empathic leadership. When he's not working in the "shedquarters" you can find him hanging at the beach with his family or jamming out in the playroom with his 2 young sons. Check out SMA's blog for more great content. Popular Stories Google warns against misusing links in syndication & large-scale article campaigns New Quality Score metrics: What matters most, and how to improve your ads Google confirms it’s rolling out new reviews format for hotels How to compare paid search and organic search without sounding foolish Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: Analytics & ConversionGoogleGoogle: AnalyticsSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Engagement Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. White Papers 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform The Account-Based Marketing Guide for Modern Marketers See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Android News Andy Rubin's $699 Essential Phone is finally here and it's weird The Essential boasts a 360-degree camera and a nearly bezel-less screen, and supports modular accessories—but a headphone dongle is required. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, PCWorld | May 30, 2017 6:14 AM PT Credit: Essential Phone More like this Galaxy S8+ review: The future of Android is now LG G6 Review: The right phone at the wrong time MWC 17: What's coming, what's not, and what we really want to see Video Computex 2015: Asus ZenWatch 2 could have 4-day battery After months of Twitter teases and hype, Android founder Andy Rubin has finally unveiled his latest project to the world. And as expected, the vaunted Essential Phone is yet another Android phone. But it’s also much more than that. While the specs bear out a real-deal flagship competitor, it’s clear that Rubin’s Essential Phone is part of a new ecosystem designed to offer an alternative to Google’s Android, with a focus on design, performance, and versatility. Why this matters: Andy Rubin is the godfather of Android, so any move he makes is important. However, while the Essential Phone certainly looks great in renders, it remains to be seen whether it can compete against Samsung, LG, and even Google itself in the increasingly competitive phone market. Bare Essential The handset is slated to work with a 360-degree camera accessory, as well as an external digital assistant similar to Google Home, but at the core of everything is the phone. Like other mid-2017 premium handsets, it features a Snapdragon 835 chip, 4GB of RAM, a 3,040 mAh battery, and a 128GB hard drive. The design is ultra minimal, with a nearly bezel-less screen reminiscent of the asymmetrical Mi Mix. The 5.7-inch display stretches all the way to the top of the device, leaving a small chin at the bottom that should help with orientation. Essential Phone Aside from an odd cutout in the screen for an 8MP front camera, there is nary an identifiable marking to be found on either the front or rear of the device. The glass and ceramic panels sandwich a piece of titanium rather than aluminum. Essential says this will hold up better to drops. Rubin is also eschewing a company name or symbol. While there’s plenty of room on the rear to plaster Essential’s double-circle logo, Rubin is making a statement with the phone’s unadorned glass: “Just because we played a part in making it doesn’t mean you should be forced to advertise that fact to everyone in your life. Now you know why we don’t have any logos on the phone.” Future proof Above the space where a logo should be is a fingerprint sensor and “the world’s thinnest dual camera system built for a phone.” You get a pair of 13MP cameras, with one capturing in color and the other in monochrome to “capture up to 200 percent more light than traditional phone cameras.” Next to the cameras you’ll find something that you won’t find on any other phone: a pair of small magnetic pins for modular attachments that will purportedly keep your phone “cord-free, future-proof, and always up-to-date.” At launch, the only accessory available will be a 360-degree camera, though other mods are surely in the works. While the Essential Phone was designed to limit the amount of adapters you need to keep around, there is one extra you’ll need: a headphone jack dongle. The Essential phone relies on USB-C and Bluetooth for audio, though a dongle will be supplied in the box. The Essential Phone is available for preorder for the limited-time price of $699. It’s unlocked and will play nicely with all of the major U.S. carriers. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google Search just got a lot more personal Chris Smith BGR News May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. Don't Miss: Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option. When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private results section. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. Trending right now: The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon Your Galaxy S8+ will last more than 2 days per charge with this $30 battery case Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Amazon’s 15 best deals: 256GB microSD card, fidget spinners, iPhone microSD reader, Echo Dot, more BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Trump's use of private cellphone raises security concerns Associated Press How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Pentagon declares success for key test of missile defense Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Nintendo’s Switch supply shortage might be all Apple’s fault BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Yesterday AAPL: 153.67 0.06 Essential Home is a Siri Speaker competitor that integrates with HomeKit and offers proactive information Ben Schoon - May. 30th 2017 6:04 am PT @NexusBen Essential Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Today the Essential Phone, built by the father of Android, went official and it’s an impressive device, to say the least. However, that’s not all the company had to announce. Along with the phone is the Essential Home, a new home assistant that looks to compete with Apple’s upcoming Siri speaker and other Amazon Echo and Google Home-like devices. Samsung Chromebook Plus Essential Home is not unlike Google Home or the Amazon Echo in a lot of ways, offering an always-listening assistant that can answer your commands and questions when called upon. It does, however, differentiate itself in a number of ways. One of those is through the Google Home-esque design with the round display along the top of the device. That display shows off the custom-built Ambient OS that runs the show. According to Essential, this display can show off information such as calendar events and traffic information when it’s most relevant to you, all without being asked. Further, Essential Home offers up more privacy than any smart speaker we’ve seen to date. The company apparently puts a focus on handling as much data as possible on the local device rather than pushing it to servers. This is something we expect Apple to do with its own Siri-powered speaker as well. Home can also, somehow, activate when you glance at it. Obviously, it responds to voice keywords and physical input, but through the use of some sensors or perhaps a camera, the device can actually detect when you look at it. Essential Home can also apparently tie in with existing smart home devices and platforms. Wired reports that Essential’s system already works with Nest, Samsung SmartThings, Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa, and Apple’s Siri and HomeKit. It’s unclear how it does this, but we’ll likely get more information as the product’s launch approaches. It will apparently debut sometime this Summer. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer primarily on 9to5Google who can also be found over on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Bose QC35 Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Essential Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Google Fiber Raising TV Rates by Karl Bode Tuesday May 30 2017 07:30 EDT Google Fiber is imposing a price hike on the company's gigabit broadband and TV bundle in many of its early markets. The Kansas City Star notes that many of the folks that had been paying $120 for the bundle of gigabit fiber broadband and TV are now facing a $20 bump, bringing the total cost to $140. But new Google Fiber customer will pay $160 per month for the same service going forward. The ISP is also charging this higher rate in newer markets like Huntsville, Alabama, though users can save a little money by downgrading to a 100 Mbps fiber service bundle. The cost of broadband service has yet to be increased during Google Fiber's existence, and the company says the upgrades were necessary on the TV side due to broadcaster rate hikes. "Since we launched in 2012, we’ve needed to adjust the price of our TV plans to reflect these increased programming costs," the company said. One problem for Google Fiber, however: the company was already having trouble signing up TV subscribers, and a price hike may only amplify those problems. While Google Fiber doesn't publicly reveal subscriber numbers, a report last March using data submitted by Google to the US Copyright Office suggested that Google Fiber had just 84,232 TV subscribers after more than seven years in the market. The company's broadband subscriber total is thought to be dramatically higher: somewhere above 1 million. Still, the low TV subscriber adoption rates, the company's recent layoffs, the cancellation of long expected installations, continued executive departures, and executives' not so graceful admission that they're tired of the cost and time it takes to deploy fiber have analysts, customers and observers wondering if Google Fiber remains particularly serious about the entire project.It still seems entirely likely that as Google Fiber pivots toward next-gen wireless, it ditches traditional TV service entirely, instead bundling in YouTube's new over the top live TV streaming service instead. tags: competition · bandwidth · consumers · Google Fiber News Jump Marsha Blackburn Pushes New Privacy Law She Knows Won't PassMore Users Contemplating Cutting the Cord Than Ever BeforeAltice Unveils New Logo, to Kill Cablevision, Suddenlink BrandsTuesday »Google Fiber Raising TV RatesT-Mobile's DIGITS Lets You Take Calls on Any DeviceNetworking 101: Network Address Translation (NAT)AT&T's DirecTV Now Growth Rate SputtersFriday Morning Links Frontier Plans Limited Gigabit Speeds Via G.Fast in Connecticut----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 21 comments existenz join:2014-02-12·Google Fiber 1 edit existenz Member Yesterday 8:04 am Went from about 150 base channels to 220 channels They are raising TV rates to original KC customers to match rates with new customers, the recent TV rate for new customers was set quite a while ago. GFBR TV started out with about 150 base channels to now about 220 base channels. Only skinny bundle available is local channels, no other skinny bundles. What's clear is that Google doesn't have the TV install base leverage to negotiate good deals with content providers. Once YouTube TV OTT service hits nationwide, if they can gain a couple millions customers or more, maybe they'll then have enough to negotiate better deals. And it will be interesting to see with fixed wireless rollut if they offer GF Fiber TV boxes or some kind of AndroidTV streaming box with YouTube TV, etc. · actions · Yesterday 8:04 am · mdlund0 join:2011-08-02 Lawrence, KS mdlund0 Member Yesterday 4:15 pm If only... I would gladly pay $140 for that bundle, given the chance. · actions · Yesterday 4:15 pm · How about .. Louisville is Still Waiting For Google Fiber Google Fiber Gets New CEO, Shifts Staff Around Frustration Mounts at Google Fiber's Slow Pace, Non-Answers Yet More Executives Leave Google Fiber Charter Runs Ads Mocking Google Fiber Struggles Google Fiber Confirms Louisville as New Launch City Tucows/Ting CEO Downplays Impact of Google Fiber Pivot Google Fiber Arrives in Parts of Huntsville News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Wednesday, 31-May 03:08:32 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News The New Hardline in the Valley Part 3: Who’s shattering the calm in central Kashmir To counter OBOR, India and Japan propose Asia-Africa sea corridor Centre’s notification on cattle sale: DMK, Mamata up ante, Karnataka joins protest Babri Masjid demolition case: What L K Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and Kalyan Singh are charged with Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Home Technology Gadgets Essential Home with Ambient OS rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home Essential Home with Ambient OS rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home Andy Rubin, the founder of Essential and the creator of Android OS, unveiled the intelligent assistant device - the Home. The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 30, 2017 9:05 pm The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. Andy Rubin, the founder of Essential and the creator of Android OS, unveiled the intelligent assistant device – the Home. The Essential Home is a voice-based smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. The device sports a circular design, mimicking Google’s intelligent Nest thermostat. Its puck-like design houses a round touchscreen atop, which allows users to control music, control lights, answer general questions, and much more. It can be activated in three ways; by a simple voice commands, a tap of a finger, or by glance at it. “Essential Home will help with daily tasks, but it will also let you create new experiences in the home with the devices you have. Think of it as an orchestra conductor for your digital instruments – something that can get them to start to work together in new, exciting ways,” says Mara Segal, Head of Product: Home Devices. Android co-founder Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Price, specifications and features The Home’s most interesting feature might be its operating system: Ambient OS. According to Essential’s head of engineering Manuel Roman, Ambient OS is aware of the physical layout of your home, the people that live in it, services relevant to both your home and the people within, and devices. The open platform can directly interact with speakers, lighting and other smart speakers in the home, and is  less reliant on cloud;Plus, it comes with a number of privacy features built-in for added security. Pricing is yet to be announced, but the Home is expected to be shipped later this summer. Alongside the launch of the Home, Andy Rubin’s Essential Inc also launched its first smartphone that’s going to rival Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung’s Galaxy S8. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Essential No Comments. Most Read JAC result 2017: Jharkhand board Class 10th matric results 2017 declared at jac.nic.in, pass percentage dips Restore the shine of your gold jewellery with these simple tips WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage Assam Board SEBA declares HSLC, AHM Class 10th results at resultsassam.nic.in, results.sebaonline.org and assamonline.in Best of Express Kabul blast: 49 killed, at least 300 injured after huge explosion in diplomatic area of Afghanistan Adityanath visits Ayodhya, offers prayers at makeshift Ram temple PM Narendra Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour OpinionProposed total ban on cattle slaughter goes against SC decisions on matter since 1959 OpinionSuggestion to tax agricultural income shows gap between policy makers, farmers Buzzing Now EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra shamed for showing legs in front of Narendra Modi. Priyanka answers by showing some more leg, see photo EntertainmentDeepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra make it to Maxim 2017 Hot 100 list, see photos EntertainmentParvathamma Rajkumar dead, wife of late actor Rajkumar was 77 TrendingDhinchak Pooja may be a 'sensational' singer, but she is also a 'philosopher' on Twitter TrendingDonald Trump's confusing 'Covfefe' tweet results in hilarious memes on Twitter Top News Kabul blast: A timeline of major attacks in the Afghan capital Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Feedback on cattle trade rules: Drop buffalo, cut red tape, scrap order IIT Madras beef fest: Students demand administration to expel those who attacked PhD scholar SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pandya fills in the blank SportsEngland has a subcontinent feel to it LifestyleThe Master Cut Lifestyle#QueerPeCharcha: IITs, IIMs, etc come together to answer most commonly asked questions about LGBTQ TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com today: All you need to know before buying TechnologyAndroid creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know May 31: Latest News Five of family killed in car accident in Udaipur Now, link Aadhaar and PAN via SMS Five things to watch out for at the French Open on Wednesday Maharashtra HSC results: Aanchal Raut writes with her feet, scores 63 per cent Golden State Warriors do not need to be perfect to beat Cleveland Cavaliers say pundits                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: The Guest Post Link Warning Was Just A General Reminder Google: The Guest Post Link Warning Was Just A General Reminder May 30, 2017 • 7:48 am | (12) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Late last week, Google posted a warning against using articles for link building and many thought we were going to see mass link penalties shortly after. I even asked Gary Illyes from Google about that and he didn't reply to me about it. But later on, a few days later, he replied to someone else saying that this blog post was just a general reminder. He said on Twitter that no, this is not about a Penguin update, "this is just a general reminder," he added. @akuchaaaan007 No, this is just a general reminder— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) May 29, 2017 He even added that the ranking fluctuations we have been seeing over the past couple weeks starting on May 16th is unrelated to this general reminder. @akuchaaaan007 Nope :)— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) May 29, 2017 So there you have it - I wouldn't expect a new wave of manual actions or algorithmic penalties around this "general reminder." So you all can calm down a bit and get back to your normal business of not building articles for link generation. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Fetch & Render Better Than Cache   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 05/26/2017 09:20 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google Ad Hub (beta) Connects User Spending With Ads on its System Internal Anchor Text Causes Wrong Page to Rank in Google? Digital Point Forums Can i use the topic and the content from other blogs Manual Guest Post Out-Reach SEO Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News The New Hardline in the Valley Part 3: Who’s shattering the calm in central Kashmir To counter OBOR, India and Japan propose Asia-Africa sea corridor Centre’s notification on cattle sale: DMK, Mamata up ante, Karnataka joins protest Babri Masjid demolition case: What L K Advani, Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi and Kalyan Singh are charged with Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ Andy Rubin is best known as the Co-Founder of Android. He left Google in 2014 as Android Head, the position was later replaced by Sundar Pichai. Rubin says that instead of criticising present tech situation, he decided to create something new with Essential. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 31, 2017 9:28 am Andy Rubin left Google in 2014 and started working on the idea of Essential in 2015 Android co-founder Andy Rubin, as expected, has launched its first smartphone dubbed the ‘Essential’ on Tuesday. He was working on this project since 2015 and registered the company ‘Essentials Products Inc.’ in November 2016. Andy Rubin is best known as the Co-Founder of Android. Google acquired Android in 2005 and Andy moved in the company as Senior Vice President of Mobile and Digital Content, until 2013. But later in the year, in December 2013, Rubin started managing the robotic division in Google. He left Google in 2014 as Android Head, the position was later replaced by Sundar Pichai. The high-end Essential is ready to take on the likes of the Galaxy S8, LG G6, Google Pixel and iPhone 7 Plus. Now with the launch of a new smartphone company and a smartphone, Essential, Rubin explains as to why he decided to start “a new kind of company using 21st century methods to build products for the way people want to live in the 21st century.” It all started during a night out when Rubin and his old friend started talking about current state of technology. As Rubin explains, the real reason behind ‘Essential’ was because he felt there were “less and less choice(s)” even though the product numbers kept increasing, but these had more unnecessary features and didn’t work with one another. Rubin says that instead of dropping another criticism, he decided to create something new, as he felt “partly responsible for all of this.” “For all the good Android has done to help bring technology to nearly everyone it has also helped create this weird new world where people are forced to fight with the very technology that was supposed to simplify their lives. Was this what we had intended? Was this the best we could do?” Rubin added. According to Rubin’s blogpost, the idea with Essential is to ensure that the device is the user’s personal property, and they won’t add force the user to “to have anything on them you don’t want to have.” Essential will always be on open platform, said the Android co-founder and that they will use premium craftsmanship and materials, but the phones will be for everyone. Another point raised by Rubin is that, “Devices shouldn’t become outdated every year. They should evolve with you.” So we’ll have to see how Essentials will deal with something like this. It is now a tradition for most companies to launch a new upgrade to each and every model of smartphone present in their lineup. Based on Rubin’s blogpost, it looks like Essential will try and break away from this. What is “Essential” smartphone? The Essential is a modular designed phone that comes with modular attachments like a 360-degree camera and a charging dock. It features a 5.7-inch QHD 19:10 bezel-less display with only a selfie shooter visible at the front panel. The body of Essential smartphone uses combination of titanium and ceramic materials, which company claims is way more durable than competing devices. The phone comes with top-of-the-line specifications, featuring a Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM and 128GB storage. On the camera front is a 13-megapixel dual-rear camera setup, with the secondary lens being a black and white sensor. The front camera is an 8-megapixel sensor. Both cameras can record 4K video. Essential has also built “world’s thinnest 360 degree personal camera”. The Essential smartphone is currently available on pre-order in the US. It is priced at $699 (approx Rs. 45,200). The company will also sell it bundled with a 360-degree camera for $749 (or approx Rs. 48,500). For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Android Andy Rubin Essential Essential Smartphone No Comments. Most Read JAC result 2017: Jharkhand board Class 10th matric results 2017 declared at jac.nic.in, pass percentage dips Restore the shine of your gold jewellery with these simple tips WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage Assam Board SEBA declares HSLC, AHM Class 10th results at resultsassam.nic.in, results.sebaonline.org and assamonline.in Best of Express Kabul blast: 49 killed, at least 300 injured after huge explosion in diplomatic area of Afghanistan Adityanath visits Ayodhya, offers prayers at makeshift Ram temple PM Narendra Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour OpinionProposed total ban on cattle slaughter goes against SC decisions on matter since 1959 OpinionSuggestion to tax agricultural income shows gap between policy makers, farmers Buzzing Now EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra shamed for showing legs in front of Narendra Modi. Priyanka answers by showing some more leg, see photo EntertainmentDeepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra make it to Maxim 2017 Hot 100 list, see photos EntertainmentParvathamma Rajkumar dead, wife of late actor Rajkumar was 77 TrendingDhinchak Pooja may be a 'sensational' singer, but she is also a 'philosopher' on Twitter TrendingDonald Trump's confusing 'Covfefe' tweet results in hilarious memes on Twitter Top News Kabul blast: A timeline of major attacks in the Afghan capital Ban on sale for slaughter at animal markets: Madras High Court stays Centre’s cattle order Feedback on cattle trade rules: Drop buffalo, cut red tape, scrap order IIT Madras beef fest: Students demand administration to expel those who attacked PhD scholar SportsICC Champions Trophy 2017: Pandya fills in the blank SportsEngland has a subcontinent feel to it LifestyleThe Master Cut Lifestyle#QueerPeCharcha: IITs, IIMs, etc come together to answer most commonly asked questions about LGBTQ TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Flipkart, Mi.com today: All you need to know before buying TechnologyAndroid creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know May 31: Latest News Five of family killed in car accident in Udaipur Now, link Aadhaar and PAN via SMS Five things to watch out for at the French Open on Wednesday Maharashtra HSC results: Aanchal Raut writes with her feet, scores 63 per cent Golden State Warriors do not need to be perfect to beat Cleveland Cavaliers say pundits                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Product Reviews Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway James Bruce May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 8 minutes Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email With the birth of consumer VR, 360 degree photography and videography has gained a new lease of life. Yet it’s only recently that good quality 360 degree cameras have become affordable to all. The latest of those is the 2017 edition of the Samsung Gear 360. Let’s take a closer look, and at the end of this review, we’re giving away our test model to one lucky reader! Specifications It’s important to distinguish between the original Gear 360, and the new 2017 model Gear 360, which we’re reviewing here. Apart from specification differences, the new 2017 model has grown a handle, compared to the simple spherical shape of last year’s. This makes it a lot easier to hold and use on its own – though mounting to a tripod is still recommended for the best quality shots, so the handle may ultimately be of limited use. In fact, it’s not even much of an improvement at all if you consider the previous device included a small tripod in the box, which could be folded to act exactly as a handle. The included tripod is replaced by a curious little rubber ring for the device to sit on. Here’s the critical numbers, with the older model specifications for comparison sake in brackets: 2x 8.4MP f2.2 lenses, total photo resolution 15MP 5472 x 2736 (older model had 15MP f2.0 lenses, total 30MP resolution) 4096 x 2160 @ 24 fps, true 4k (older model 3840 x 1920 @ 30fps) 1160 mAh battery (older model had a larger 1350mAh battery) 2K live video streaming (older model couldn’t do this at all, but this still requires Android Nougat) 130g weight (154g for older model) iOS and Android app (older model was limited to specific Samsung devices) $230 from Amazon The Gear 360 doesn’t deviate much in technical design from either its previous model or other consumer 360 cameras. It compromises of two camera sensors, each with an extremely wide angle fisheye lens to capture 180 degrees each, the raw output of which looks like two circular photos. The camera then stitches the photographs together, though further processing is needed to change the circular images into a rectilinear format, the most common for uploading to 360 viewing applications. Astute readers will note the image resolution has actually decreased from the 2016 model, which is a puzzling move indeed. However, the number of “megapixels” isn’t actually an indicator of image quality. Crucially, the new Gear 360 adds compatibility with non-Samsung mobiles, particularly iOS devices, which the former was seriously lacking. There was a sort of workaround last year though: you could use Google Street View app on iOS to directly capture images from the camera, without need of any Samsung software. Sadly, this years model has actually broken that direct connection method, so you’re now forced to use the Gear 360 app to capture and save photos. This is acceptable for everything except Google Street View, where the images that Samsung’s software saves are in fact now deemed to be too low resolution for upload. The 2017 model also bumps recorded video resolution slightly to actual 4K, and adds live video streaming capabilities. Live streaming requires a device running Android Nougat OS, and is limited to 2K resolution – a deceptive term which essentially means “marginally higher than full HD”. A standard sized tripod thread mounting point is provided underneath, though as mentioned, you’ll find a small rubber ring stand in the package, useful for quickly seating the device on a flat surface without requiring a full tripod setup. Also in the package is a soft sock-like carrying case. Charging is done over USB-C. A slightly awkward micro-SD similar to a smartphone tray provides all your storage needs – there is no built-in memory. Our model came with a 128GB micro-SD card as a pre-order bonus, which we’ll also be giving to the winner. However, those purchasing new will need to add their own card before they can do anything with the device. On the side you’ll find two buttons for power and selection, while on the front (or is it the back?), there’s a shutter button and small LCD for status messages. Shooting Modes and Image Quality HDR Landscape mode is probably where you’ll spend most of your time, but it requires the use of a tripod or other stable surface for the camera, as it takes multiple shots and combines them (what is HDR photography? HDRI Photography: An Essential Skills And Workflow Primer HDRI Photography: An Essential Skills And Workflow Primer This guide outlines concepts involved in HDR photography followed by a logical progression of steps in the production of high dynamic range images. Read More ). The actual image quality is the best I’ve seen yet from a consumer level, affordable 360 camera, with some really fantastic stitching between each sensor. You’ll find better stitching in wide landscapes than tight environments – the closer an object is to the camera, the greater the likelihood of a stitching error. If you need to stand close to your camera when taking the image then, make sure you’re not standing between the two lenses. Here’s an example of an image saved from the Samsung app to the camera roll, then uploaded to Facebook. It’s possible Facebook has done some additional optimization or processing, but this is just to demonstrate the quality you’ll get using the most user friendly workflow offered. As well as different shooting modes, the Gear 360 offers different viewing modes for those images. Of these, most relevant is the single rectilinear 360 image – which the app calls “panoramic view”, where the entire 360 image can be seen at once; round view, which you might more commonly know as “that little planet effect”; or stretched view, which looks like a normal photograph, but can be moved around, either by hand or with your phone’s motion sensors. There’s also a true-4K video mode, and the quality isn’t all that bad. As I mentioned in Elecam 360 review, the problem with using resolution as a measurement of 360 image quality is that the pixels are so stretched. While a 1080p video looks great on a monitor, that same resolution looks appalling when stretched to a sphere that encompasses you. 4K video, when stretched to 360 degrees, looks roughly equivalent to DVD quality. It isn’t fantastic, but for the first time, I feel like it’s acceptable, at least when viewed through a mobile app. Here’s a video sample of our lovely chickens (you probably need to force YouTube to display the higher resolution). Although it looks pretty good in a small YouTube frame, when viewing through a desktop VR headset, the resolution inadequacy is still obvious. Google Street View Compatibility Despite the Gear 360 being listed by Google themselves as “workflow ready” for use directly with the Street View app, the newest Gear 360 model is in fact, not currently compatible. You cannot connect the Gear 360 directly to the Street View app at the time of writing, and the connection instructions found on Samsung support refer to the previous 2016 model, which is also confusingly called the Gear 360. In theory, they could fix this with a firmware update: all it needs is a particular Wi-Fi name to be broadcast, and the correct protocol implemented. At the time of writing however, there is no firmware update. You might have thought that since Samsung now provides their own native iOS app, you could simply save the photo to your camera roll, then upload that to Street View. Unfortunately, you lose some of the (already lower than last year’s Gear 360) image resolution in the process, and Street View refuses to import the photo. Gear 360 Action Director is compatible, but not Gear 360 Action Director You can use the mobile app to process and stitch the images together, then upload them straight to Facebook — but you’re limited to about 80% of the actual resolution. For the full size images, you’ll need to pull the SD card out and access it from a PC, then use the 600mb Gear 360 Action Director software to process everything (Windows-only, a rebrand of Cyberlink software of the same name). Unfortunately, Samsung Global didn’t get the memo, and upon trying to run “Gear 360 Action Director”, found on Samsung’s own support site, you’ll be asked for a non-existent serial number. That’s the wrong Action Director, see? It’s as if giving two different products the exact same name, with identically named software, was perhaps a bad idea. You’ll want this Action Director instead, which can be activated by connecting the camera over USB. I found that link on Reddit, so thanks, internet. Unfortunately, you still can’t upload that image onto Street View, because there’s currently no web upload functionality. I should also note that codec errors meant I was unable to import the raw .mp4 video files into Final Cut, where I was hoping to edit with the VR Toolbox plugin. Action director seemed to be the only option there, and for anyone used to using professional video editing software, it’s an incredibly frustrating bit of software that requires 10 minutes just to import a 3 minute video from the SD card, then another 10 minutes to export it (or “Produce”, as their menu system calls it, because conventional naming of menu items for the sake of a familiar UI is so boring). Win the Gear 360 (2017)! Before we get to our verdict, you should probably know: we’re giving our test model, complete with 128GB micro-SD card to get you started! Enter below for your chance to win. Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Giveaway Should You Buy a Gear 360 (2017)? If you’re looking to do Street View imagery, forget about this device. They’ve thoroughly broken the workflow and lowered the resolution. Somebody ought to tell Samsung that new versions are generally supposed to be an upgrade. Use this opportunity to snap up a bargain for one of the older models on eBay, instead. You’ll be limited to using just the Street View app on a non-Samsung phone, but you can still record and save directly to the SD card then process videos on a desktop. Also, remember that you can take a really great quality Street View image using just your phone – but you’ll be standing on the spot spinning around for a good 5 minutes, looking like a bit of an idiot. On the other hand, if you’re looking to do 360 4k videos or 360 live streaming (with a compatible mobile device), or really, really need to use the camera with an iOS device, the updated version is for you. There’s probably very few people in that camp, though. Samsung Gear 360 (2017 Edition) Real 360° 4K VR Camera (US Version with Warranty) Samsung Gear 360 (2017 Edition) Real 360° 4K VR Camera (US Version with Warranty) Tell the whole story with the 360° camera that captures every angle in 4K brilliance and share instantly Buy Now At Amazon $229.99 For most people, the new version seems like a step forward in ease of use for most tasks, but a step back in image quality and ease of use in other areas. Throw in naming confusion and Street View incompatibilities, and you’ve got a recipe for consumer frustration. Our verdict of the Samsung Gear 360 (2017): Cute and easy to use with reasonable quality, but thoroughly useless for Street View photography. Consider picking up a bargain with last year’s model instead. 510 Previous PostLG G6 Review (and Giveaway) 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * James Bruce 607 articles James has a BSc in Artificial Intelligence, and is CompTIA A+ and Network+ certified. He's the lead developer of MakeUseOf, and spends his free time playing VR paintball and boardgames. He's been building PCs since he was a kid. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles Thursday Deals: Six of the Best [UK] Deals Thursday Deals: Six of the Best [UK] BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Product Reviews BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? How to Hide Private Picture Folders From the Gallery Android How to Hide Private Picture Folders From the Gallery Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is offering up to $10,000 to developers making Google Assistant actions Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 5:40pm PDTMay 29, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 105 Share on Facebook 75 Share on Twitter Total Shares203 Google News Actions on Google is the name for third-party services on Google Assistant, which was opened up to developers back in December. There is no shortage of Actions available, but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once. Google wants developers to create compelling features for Assistant, so the company has started a competition with various monetary and physical rewards. There are quite a few prize categories, ranging from 'Best app by students' to 'Best life hack.' Google will chose three overall winners, with first place winning tickets to Google I/O 2018, $10,000, and a walk-through of Google's campus. Second place will win $7,500 and a Google Home, and third will get $5,000 plus a Google Home. Of course, this isn't a brand new contest - it was announced at Google I/O. To enter, developers will need to create an Action and submit it by August 31. The winner will be chosen sometime in Q4 2017. You can find more information at the source link below, and if you plan to enter, I wish you the best of luck. Source: Google Developers Via: Ian Lake (Google+) Tags Actions on Google competition Google google assistant prize subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on ... ... Next Story YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dana Nice way to motivate developers into making assistant more useful👍 Indefinite Implosion I'm a glad at least one person is positive. Good day to you! 4Ui812 'Best life hack.' I hate that fucking term. Now I think I understand why Google has been producing buggy software lately. They're to busy trying to find the 'Best life hack.' PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Creating solutions for problems that don't exist is difficult. Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de91c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de91c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs381ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de91c:....,.... Teja You don't know that its a problem until you come across it. Problems do exist, we just have to figure out where they are. Ed. Blake AI can make old peoples life so much better if it can do more then show the news/wheater and actually comprehend a context and interact with the OS/apps. alexg No one cares about ML Zaman It is still a kind of proof of concept - G Assistant or Siri. Still pretty unreliable. Try to update your calendar with that voice control - miss or hit... Using keyboard is still the only option if you want to have the thing done quickly, especially with a help of an app like that one: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.a3w4u.addquickeventfree / https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/add-quick-event-to-calendar-using-single-text-line/id1182758447?mt=8 Imparus Great spam marcusmarcus2 http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/spam.gif Paul Smith "but I have yet to find one that I would actually use more than once" Ditto for Alexa skills. A huge buzzword, but essentially empty. I think Google Assistant has more legs than Alexa, simply because Google speech recognition and understanding is so much more advanced. LondonLeedsFan Regardless of what gets done, we probably won't get said features in the UK.. Still, at least we can ask it what the weather is. thezero4 The developers of Plex should get in on this. If Plex started working with assistant/home with integration to the chromecast it would be a shoe-in. Randroid I would LOVE to be able to say "Play (Movie or TV Show) in the living room" and have it play from Plex to my Chromecast. Even if I have to add the word "Plex" into that command, I'd still be OK with it. Like "Play (Movie or TV Show) from Plex..." Nick Coad Completely agree with you, great idea! Ed. Blake Yeah is kinda boring to have an AI only to show the news and wheater. A have an twitter account and an wheater homescreen widget for that. reggjoo Oh, good. Now there will be other ways to break my assistant. A month ago, update broke my "always on" voice feature, then my "from any screen" setting was gone. The only thing I got left is activating it from the home screen. What happened to velvet.apk? Watch out for upgrade time, if something's not right, as far as google sees it, they'll break you features, with no warning. adam seymour so if i made a action to make google fart they would pay me $10,000 what a age we live in AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I hope they do something similar for Android Wear. I just invested in my first wear watch and I'm looking forward to seeing what the next year brings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 249 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Google Maps v9.26.1 Adds Search Along Route For Walking And Bicycling, Changes Driving Mode FABs, Adds New Settings, And More [APK Teardown + Download] 2016/05/30 6:00am PDTMay 30, 2016 105 2 Years Ago Today The Updated Google Now Launcher In Android M Has Horizontally Scrollable Folders 2015/05/30 4:06pm PDTMay 30, 2015 180 3 Years Ago Today Future Versions Of Android Are Likely To Block System Write Access Outside Of Recovery, Even To Root Users 2014/05/30 7:22pm PDTMay 30, 2014 19 4 Years Ago Today Thursday App/Game Sales: Draw A Stickman, Clone Camera, Magicka, Crazy Machines, Call Notes Pro, And Rebuild [Update] 2013/05/30 7:36pm PDTMay 30, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today Renaissance Blood THD Arrives In The Play Store, Brings Dynamic Rail Shooter Action To Tegra 3 Devices 2012/05/30 8:59pm PDTMay 30, 2012 28 6 Years Ago Today Sign Up To Test Out v1.6 Of The Android Facebook App And Gain Access To Pages, Video Uploads, Comment Liking, And Bug Fixes 2011/05/30 11:07pm PDTMay 30, 2011 4 7 Years Ago Today Froyo Ported To The EVO 4G! 2010/05/30 8:20pm PDTMay 30, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 425 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 107 queries | 0.435s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers By Jesse James on 30 May,2017 Tweet Pin It The good folks over at Google are back in the news today. This time around making some waves with their latest Google Play Music special. Today the word comes down that Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers. This means that with a premium subscription, users can access Google Play’s archive of over 35 million songs and save up to 50,000 of them into their personal library. This also allows users to download their favorite songs for offline use, while also offering up an ad-free music listening experience. No word on how long the deal will go on, but it seems like it will be available for quite some time. Interested? Well, head over to Google Play and get Google Play Music immediately. Don’t miss out! *Photo provided by Google*   Changes Made! Google Play Music Offers Four Free Months For New Subscribers was last modified: May 30th, 2017 by Jesse James Related ItemsGoogle Play Musicnewstech ← Previous Story Updates & Upgrades! Instagram Updates The ‘Stories’ Features Featured Video Most Recent A First Look! The OVO x Clarks Originals Desert Boot May 30, 2017 Over the years the good folks over at OVO have made some stunning collaborations in the way of streetwear. We’ve seen their iconic collabo with the Jordan Brand and... May 30, 2017 Rare Rides! 1957 Porsche 356A Carrera Speedster GS/GT May 30, 2017 A Modern Life! The Skyline House By Terry And Terry Architecture Fashion + Style A First Look! The OVO x Clarks Originals Desert Boot May 30, 2017 Over the years the good folks over at OVO have made some stunning collaborations in the way of streetwear. We’ve seen their iconic collabo with the Jordan Brand and... May 29, 2017 Stepped Up! The “Milled Leather” adidas Originals EQT Support May 29, 2017 Kicks Cleaned Up! The ASICS Gel Lyte V “Reef” Featured Video © 2009-2017 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Cassius Network
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Asus' Google Tango ZenFone hits the US in July and it won't cost more than $850 The first Tango-enabled AR phone with appealing specs could be available in less than a month. By Liam Tung | May 30, 2017 -- 11:49 GMT (04:49 PDT) | Topic: Smartphones The Asus ZenFone AR is the first phone to support both Google's Tango AR and Daydream VR tech. Image: Asus Asus has confirmed its new Google Tango augmented-reality (AR) phone, the ZenFone AR, will be available in the US by July or possibly even late June. The company has already revealed that the ZenFone AR, which also supports Google's Daydream virtual-reality platform, is launching exclusively with Verizon this summer with pricing details still under wraps. Lenovo unveils Phab 2 Pro, a Tango device, for just $499 unlocked With the world's first smartphone compatible with Google's sensory awareness platform, Lenovo aims to court more businesses to use augmented reality. Read More But it's now set out a more precise timeline for what will be the second Tango-enabled phone on the market, following Lenovo's Phab Pro 2, a huge mid-range phone that launched last year for $500. The 5.7-inch ZenFone AR could be more appealing given its higher-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, which has been optimized for AR. The phone will be available with 6GB or 8GB RAM, and up to 256GB storage. It will ship with Android Nougat 7.0. Asus CEO Jerry Shen told Engadget at Computex in Taiwan that the ZenFone could be available as early as the end of June, following its Taiwan launch in mid-June. Shen didn't reveal pricing but promised it would not cost more than Samsung's $850 Galaxy S8 Plus. Google has been experimenting with Tango since 2014 as a means of interacting with and sensing the physical world around a Tango device. Tango adds depth perception and motion-tracking capabilities to smartphones, opening up new uses for gaming, indoor navigation, and measuring areas. The ZenFone AR taps these capabilities via a three-camera set-up on the rear, including a motion-tracking camera and a depth-sensing camera alongside a main 23-megapixel camera. The ZenFone AR will launch with a number of advantages over Lenovo's Tango handset. Besides a more powerful Snapdragon SoC, there are more than 100 Tango apps compared with 30-plus apps a year ago. It is also the first phone to support both Tango and Daydream. Shen expects there will be over 1,000 Tango apps next year. Read more about Google's ZenFone AR Google unveils standalone VR headsets with Daydream Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Asus ZenFone 2 first impressions: Plenty to like so far for $299 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility BlackBerry KEYone available in US from Amazon and Best Buy on May 31 Smartphones The Essential phone from every angle (Gallery) Mobility ​Android creator Andy Rubin launches his modular Essential phone Mobility LG Tone Studio hands-on: Quad speakers provide personal surround experience × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock Google Search just got a lot more personal Chris Smith @chris_writes May 30th, 2017 at 7:52 AM Share Tweet Google already tracks everything you do while inside any of its online services to make money off your data. The trade-off is worth it, many people will argue. Even if Google is able to learn a lot of details about you, it offers invaluable services including Gmail, Google Maps, and search. So if you’re already letting Google aggregate your data, you should know that Google Search now puts this particular skill to good use for you. Don't Miss: Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff The Personal tab might not be immediately obvious to users, but it’s right there on Google Search, buried inside the More option. Image Source: Google When you search the web, Google categorizes the results. You might be looking for All results for a query, or just for Images, Maps, or News. That’s right, that’s the menu where you’ll find the More option. So what’s inside the Personal you ask? Well, the tab will show you relevant results that contain the keywords, but these results come from your Google usage. The Personal tab shows you results that are only visible to you for any items, and they can originate from Google Photos, Calendar or Gmail. Google Drive support isn’t included, The Independent notes, but it’s possible that it’ll show up in the future. The Personal tab might not show up for all Google users at this time, but it should appear to all users shortly. If you want to prevent Google from delivering any private results, you can simply go to your Google Account in the Search Settings area and tick the Do Not use private results option in the Private results section. The personal search results should show up in search only when you’re signed in. So if you want to guard your privacy, you should sign out of your Google account on computers shared with others if you want to use this new search option. Tags: google, Google search View Comments Trending 1 Lifestyle T-Mobile is having one of its biggest ever giveaways 2 Tech This sample photo suggests the OnePlus 5’s camera ain’t bad 3 Deals You’ll go more than 2 days without charging your Pixel XL thanks to this battery case 4 Business Sprint finally beat T-Mobile for something 5 Tech New iPhone 8 leak helps kill horrible design rumors Picked For You Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof By Yoni Heisler 1 day ago Where does Tiger Woods rank in worst celebrity mugshots? By Mike Wehner 1 day ago The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon By Maren Estrada 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Ebony and ivory Best accessories for households with Android and iPhone By Mike Tanasychuk Tuesday, May 30, 2017 at 8:00 am EDT 3 Comments What are the best accessories for Android and iPhone? If you live in a home that uses both iOS and Android devices, it doesn't have to mean constant fighting, fanboying, or fracas (alliteration so hard). The two can coexist peacefully, and they can even use the same accessories provided you find the right ones. DJ, cue it up: Here are the best accessories for homes that want the best of both worlds. Amazon Echo Google Home Sonos Bose SoundLink III Bose QC35 Tile Mate Photojojo magnetic lenses Amazon Echo Amazon Echo is Amazon's personal assistant speaker. It comes in four variations: Echo, Dot, Tap, and Show. Each has a somewhat different use, but all of them use Alexa, Amazon's virtual assistant. The best part of Alexa is that it has no allegiance to Android or iPhone — it just works with both. There's an Alexa app for each, so both iPhone and Android users can use it to control smart home devices like Philips Hue lights, Nest thermostats, and more. You can also ask for weather and news updates, make calls, order dinner, and so many more things. If you want an unbiased virtual assistant, then Amazon Echo is the way to go! Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap vs. Show: Which should you buy? See at Amazon Google Home Google Home is Google's smart speaker, using Google Assistant as its virtual assistant. It can play music from Google Play, Spotify, and other services, control your smart home devices, provide news and weather updates, and tons more. It's right in line with the Amazon Echo, but with an obvious lean toward Google, which is perfect if you already use your Google account to its fullest. Google Home also recognizes multiple voices and accounts, so everybody can use it the way they want to. Getting a Google Home may seem like a compromise in favor of the Android users in your household, but with Google apps available for iPhone and Google Assistant on iOS, there's no reason a Google Home shouldn't have a place in your bi-platform home. See at Best Buy Sonos Sonos is a wireless speaker system that can be as full and well-rounded as you want or as minimalist as a single speaker. Connect a single Sonos speaker to your home Wi-Fi network and it creates its own network, off of which can run up to 32 speakers. You can create an entire home theater system with the Playbar, SUB, and a couple Play:1s, or you can enjoy music anywhere in your house with a Play:5 or Play:3 or any combination of the lot. The best part is the Sonos Controller app is available for both iOS and Android, and it supports Google Play Music and Apple Music, so everyone can listen to their tunes and control the Sonos setup from the comfort of their own phone. Sonos also supports Spotify, Pandora, and a ton of other streaming services and radio stations. See at Sonos Bose SoundLink III If you want even simpler, more portable wireless tunes, check out the Bose SoundLink III. It's one of the best-sounding Bluetooth speakers available and it can connect to iPhone or Android via Bluetooth and the Bose app (it does not support AirPlay). This little speaker packs a hell of a punch, with warm bass tones, a present midrange, and crisp highs. I might even venture so far as to say it's the best Bluetooth speaker around (in terms of sound quality). See at Amazon Bose QC35 With your Bluetooth speaker, you might also consider grabbing a pair of Bluetooth headphones for the house. The Bose QC35 active noise-canceling headphones are the best of the best. These will connect to both Android and iPhone via Bluetooth, which is perfect for all the phones that are abandoning the headphone jack. These over-ear headphones have a well-rounded sound and best-in-class noise cancellation. They're on the expensive side, but you can grab a pair for everyone to share so that enjoying music or videos in peace is more than doable — even when everyone's being too loud. See at Amazon Tile Mate Losing your keys (or anything important, for that matter) is a real pain in the ass. Tile Mate is designed to eliminate the problem completely. Simply attach the Tile Mate to anything you'd rather not misplace, like your keys, and then use the handy Bluetooth app to locate it. The Tile app is available for both Android and iPhone, making Tile Mate an ideal accessory for multi-platform households. Can't find your phone? Click the button on your Tile to make your phone ring, even when it's on silent. If you're constantly misplacing keys, bags, or whatever, then grab Tile Mate — you can pick up a four-pack for around $70 or a single Tile for around $25. See at Amazon Photojojo magnetic lenses With excellent cameras on both sides of the floor, a great lens is an added luxury that can take your phone photography to new heights. Photojojo makes awesome lenses that fit on just about any iPhone or Android phone. You can change up your photos with a super fisheye lens, a wide-angle, a macro lens, fisheye, telephoto, and a polarizer. These simple magnetic lenses snap on in a jiff and away you go. You can pick up individual lenses or pick up packs — whatever works best for you. See at Photojojo And you? Do you have Android and iPhone in the same household? Which accessories do you use to bridge the gap? Let us know in the comments below. Reader comments Best accessories for households with Android and iPhone 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating SvenJ Isn't that still illegal in some states? You know pretty much anything BT will work across all three mobile OSs. I've even paired my BeatsX with my Lumia 950XL (works fine BTW).. That's more interoperable than wired headset buttons and mics. There is not much that is app based/controlled that doesn't support both Android and iOS. 0 8 hours ago Reply Hoppydaze Having both iOS and Android devices means having both lightening and USB charging cables where ever you might need them, meaning EVERYWHERE! The little adapters are great but they are tiny and easy to lose. I found a cable that has the adapter attached to the cable by a little coil so it stays right where you need it. I love these things! You can't charge both phones simultaneously but it sure helps cut the cable clutter. Find them here: http://a.co/gbN3upd 0 6 hours ago Reply West Londoner Do you know if Google Assistant for iOS has been released in the UK yet ? Cant seem to find it on the app store 0 5 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology Android Technology Newly discovered 'Judy' malware could have infected 35 MILLION Android smartphones, experts warn Over 41 different applications were found to be carrying the malicious code  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 12:57, 30 MAY 2017 Technology Don't be fooled by the offer of pancakes - Judy is infecting your Android smartphone with malware  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A dangerous new piece of malware has been detected on the Google Play store, potentially affecting up to 35 MILLION Android phones. Nicknamed "Judy", the malware was found on 41 different apps developed by a Korean company and discovered by researchers at Check Point Security Technologies. Judy is a piece of auto-clicking adware, meaning it will use a host phone to automatically click on adverts and generate revenue for the perpetrators. "The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads," wrote the team from Check Point. Read More Samba vulnerability puts tens of thousands of computers at risk of WannaCry-style cyber attack Up to 35 million devices could be infected by Judy, which operates in the background (Photo: Getty) "Some of the apps we discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown." The team also said they found apps from other developers that also included the malware code. It's unclear whether these were knowingly or unknowingly affected. The team at Check Point, which also discovered a virus intrusion on the Kodi platform, says it has notified Google about the security breach. Android doesn't have the best track record when it comes to security, however Google says it has found and located all the Judy-hosting apps. Read More Kodi users at risk of being HACKED due to viruses hidden in subtitles, experts warn The malware is being used to generate clicks on adverts and make money (Photo: Cultura RF) Although it can't be said for definite, Check Point has pointed the finger of blame at the app's Korean developers - a Korean company called Kiniwini. "It is quite unusual to find an actual organisation behind mobile malware, as most of them are developed by purely malicious actors," said Check Point. "It is important to note that the activity conducted by the malware is not borderline advertising, but definitely an illegitimate use of the users’ mobile devices for generating fraudulent clicks, benefiting the attackers." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Android Apps Mobile phones Smartphones Technology all Most Read Most Recent Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion SmartphonesToddlers at risk of developing tech addiction as parents rely on gadgets to entertain kids Parents are resorting to tablets and smartphones to keep their toddlers entertained in the car, before bed, and even at the dinner table Video GamesVideo game releases to look out for in June 2017 - including ARMS, Crash Bandicoot and WipEout From long-armed brawlers to futuristic hover racing, this month has plenty to offer for all types of gamers. NasaNASA announces first mission to 'touch the sun' in bid to unlock mysteries of the corona The mission will see a solar probe swoop to within 4 million miles of the sun's surface Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event FestivalsBest festival tech 2017: Gadgets and apps to help you survive the summer's hottest music events As festival season kicks off in the UK, we take a look at the gadgets and apps that will help things run smoothly Most Read Most Recent Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool receive Virgil van Dijk boost with £50m-rated defender attracted by chance to play for Jurgen Klopp Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal and Man City are all interested in the Southampton defender Arsenal FC5 players who could arrive - and 5 who could go as part of £150m Arsenal summer overhaul Wenger has been promised a £150m-plus transfer kitty to help kick-start a Premier League title challenge Hen night18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts One of the women in the Leicester group branded the decision "a complete load of rubbish" Manchester United FCManchester United named most valuable club in Europe as six Premier League sides make top 10 The club have an Enterprise Value (EV) of £2.7bn - more than any other club on the continent Merseyside PoliceToxteth 'murders': Woman and two children found dead at home and man arrested amid gas leak fears A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder Love IslandTOWIE's Jon Clark says Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst spent night with him before show - but she accuses him of sexting another woman Essex star Jon is insisting new Love Island contestant Chloe Crowhurst was his girlfriend - and he was stunned to find out she'd signed up for Love Island Department of Environmental HealthCurry shop horror as inspectors shocked to find LIVE chickens on premises as well no soap and filthy uniforms Inspectors at The Indian Kitchen in Southport also found raw mince next to 'ready to eat' lettuce with the potential of a cross contamination of bacteria NeymarNeymar hugs giant sumo wrestler Harumafuji Kohei as Brazilian launches new jewellery range The Barcelona superstar posed for snaps with the Mongolian behemoth as he attended a press event centred on the release of his new watch Summer transfer windowTransfer news LIVE - Latest updates on Antoine Griezmann to Manchester United and Alexis Sanchez's future at Arsenal The window will not officially open for a few weeks but that will not stop the big sides from lining up their targets          Liam GallagherLiam Gallagher poignantly lights 22 candles on stage to remember victims of Manchester terror attack at solo benefit concert Proceeds from the benefit concert held at Manchester's 02 Ritz will go to the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund Top Stories Pippa MiddletonNewlyweds Pippa Middleton and James Matthews look blissfully happy as they arrive in Australia following tropical island honeymoon The couple have arrived in Australia following a week spent on a private island in French Polynesia General election pollsTories could LOSE seats and fail to win a majority in general election, says shock poll If the eye-catching YouGov projection came true, Theresa May's party would still win the most seats but could be narrowly defeated on key issues Arlene PhillipsArlene Phillips reveals she was told she was a “freak” for having a child at 47 The 74-year-old said a doctor even told her she should be her daughter's grandmother NHSMan lost his entire ARM after being nipped on the hand by playful puppy trying to steal food Michael Cole, 40, fell victim to sepsis within hours of the bite and nearly lost his life Kathy GriffinComedian Kathy Griffin apologises after Donald Trump 'beheading' sketch sparks uproar "I went way too far," the US comedian said after the photoshoot sparked a massive backlash Princess DianaDiana crash limo was a 'doomed death trap' that had been written off and rebuilt: Shock new claims Bosses at hotel chain the Ritz allegedly ignored warnings about the state of the vehicle in which Diana, Dodi Fayed and Henri Paul died in 1997, according to allegations aired on French TV Donald TrumpDonald Trump baffles world again with absolutely nonsense tweet including a word that isn't a word Thousands of social media users have rallied together to make the most of the unfortunate mistake on the President's Twitter feed - and he can't delete it British Transport Police'Can you help my mummy?' Brave police officers first to scene of Manchester bomb attack share their stories Brave officers from British Transport Police witnessed harrowing scenes which will stay with them forever Rosa KingTragic zoo keeper mauled to death by tiger admitted 'big cat she loved saw her as next meal' Rosa King was mauled to death on Bank Holiday Monday, but her pal Tracey Eyre said the dedicated animal lover would not want the tiger responsible euthanised MarriageFiancee of man found dead in hotel pool nine weeks before wedding says heart has been 'ripped out' Darren Steedman-Kerr's body was discovered at a DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel aged just 29 ParentingHomeless Manchester terror attack hero is still living on streets despite well-wishers donating thousands Chris Parker acted incredibly bravely in the aftermath on the Manchester bombing Inquests"I don't want him to go": Mum's screams after finding son's body tangled in duvet cover used as curtain Ashton Tuckey, who had Down's Syndrome and autism, died from compression to his neck after getting caught in the make-shift curtain. Pokemon GoPokémon Go's next 'event' may have just tricked the internet Conflicting reports have appeared about what Niantic is doing for the mobile game's next big event AppleiPhone 8 leaked pictures give us the closest look yet at Apple's next smartphone Online images allegedly show schematics and a dummy iPhone 8 inside a protective case Sponsored UKTV9 Reasons Go 8 Bit is funnier than watching your mate play FIFA Series 1 of the show, built around watching celebrities play video games, became essential viewing for those looking for a bit of a laugh iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's flagship phone for 2017 Apple's iPhone 8 - which could be called the iPhone Edition or iPhone X - is expected to be the company's biggest smartphone launch in years Pokemon GoMagikarp Jump guide: Hints, tips and tricks on how to conquer the addictive new Pokémon game Are you hooked on the brand new Pokémon smartphone game? Here's how to become a Magikarp Jump champion Pokemon GoPokémon Go trainers receive mysterious PROMO CODES from Niantic - but what do they mean? The latest feature for the hit mobile game is trickling through - but trainers have yet to find out what it means SmartphonesToddlers at risk of developing tech addiction as parents rely on gadgets to entertain kids Parents are resorting to tablets and smartphones to keep their toddlers entertained in the car, before bed, and even at the dinner table Stephen FryStephen Fry gives a stark warning about the future of the internet The self-confessed gadget fan and former QI presenter spoke of 'dire consequences' during a lecture at the Hay Festival AppleAndroid user? Apple's new 'Switch to iPhone' campaign wants to convert you The iPhone and iPad maker is pushing for more people to switch over from Google's Android phones Pokemon GoPokémon Go event rumoured to introduce SHINY characters - as gamers notice some strange goings-on Hardcore Pokémon GO players are reporting some strange happenings inside the hit mobile game - leading them to believe an update is coming WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app AppleWWDC 2017: When is Apple boss Tim Cook's keynote address and how can I follow it? Marking the start of the annual WWDC development conference is a speech from Apple's head honcho CybersecurityWhat is 'Wanna Decryptor'? A look at the ransomware that brought down the NHS A virus potentially derived from the CryptoLocker malware crippled NHS trusts across the UK today BMWBMW's Motorrad Concept Link is a futuristic electric motorbike straight out of Tron The vehicle performs both as a means of transport and as a communication device FestivalsBest festival tech 2017: Gadgets and apps to help you survive the summer's hottest music events As festival season kicks off in the UK, we take a look at the gadgets and apps that will help things run smoothly SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers PokemonPokémon Go grass event REVEALED - and it's happening this weekend Niantic Labs has announced a new special event that will mean even more grass-type Pokémon Sex robotsRealistic sex robots with customisable nipples that can quote Shakespeare to replace women in the bedroom The sex tech industry is already estimated to be worth $30 billion, and sex robots are expected to be the next big craze TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 144 Plus 1 on G+ 72 Share on Facebook 62 Share on Twitter Total Shares278 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? D.Smithee *crickets* Follow Android Police 1.49M 471k 145k 117k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] New unlocked dual SIM international Exynos Galaxy S8 (G950FD) and S8+ (G955FD) on eBay for $670 and $770 2017/05/29 3:14pm PDTMay 29, 2017 250 Humble Mobile Platformers Bundle updated with more games, plus we've got 10 free codes to give away 2017/05/29 12:17pm PDTMay 29, 2017 43 [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even more to $288 2017/05/29 9:32am PDTMay 29, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon 2017/05/28 11:27am PDTMay 28, 2017 34 [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a tablet? Yes, every day. Yes, very regularly, but not every day. Yes, but only occasionally (one or two days a week). Yes, but not often (a few times a month). Not never, but very rarely. I don't use a tablet at all. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 24 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 287 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 60 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 19 5 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/9/17 - 5/15/17) 2017/05/15 12:13pm PDTMay 15, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 16 Twitter will now dump DMs from people you don't know into a 'Requests' tab 2017/05/30 12:39pm PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 5 Mozilla replaces Firefox Aurora Play Store listing with Firefox Nightly 2017/05/30 11:44am PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 29 SuperSU v2.82 update fixes most of the recent root problems, Xperia bootloops and other issues may remain 2017/05/29 1:51pm PDTMay 29, 2017 Blast from the Past 56 1 Year Ago Today Sync For Reddit Gets Massive Update To V11, Rebuilt From The Ground Up For Material Goodness 2016/05/31 1:54am PDTMay 31, 2016 92 2 Years Ago Today ASUS Announces ZenWatch 2 (In Two Sizes), ZenFone Selfie, And New ZenPad Tablets (In Three Sizes) 2015/05/31 10:55pm PDTMay 31, 2015 27 3 Years Ago Today [New App] NVIDIA Posts An App For The FaceWorks Tegra K1 Demo, Despite A Complete Lack Of K1 Hardware 2014/05/31 1:29pm PDTMay 31, 2014 83 4 Years Ago Today Google Glass Team Says Facial Recognition Apps Will Not Be Approved, But Can They Stop Anyone From Using One? 2013/05/31 9:00pm PDTMay 31, 2013 23 5 Years Ago Today N.O.V.A. 3 Sets Up A New Outpost On Android, $7 To Play Not-Halo On Your Phone 2012/05/31 4:23pm PDTMay 31, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today HTC Sensation 4G On T-Mobile: Coming June 15 For All, As Early As June 12 At Select Walmart Stores 2011/05/31 7:15pm PDTMay 31, 2011 11 7 Years Ago Today Review And Hands-On Results With HTC EVO 4G's 720P HD Video Camera - Paris In Videos 2010/05/31 8:27pm PDTMay 31, 2010 34 9 Years Ago Today Google Phone (Android) Demo Of Streetview With Compass 2008/05/31 12:46am PDTMay 31, 2008 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 428 The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 16 ASUS quietly unveils the ZenPad 3S 8.0 at Computex 2017/05/30 8:35pm PDTMay 30, 2017 34 Essential Home is Andy Rubin's answer to Google Home and Amazon Echo 2017/05/30 8:50am PDTMay 30, 2017 93 YouTube's new bottom navigation UI is official 2017/05/30 12:29pm PDTMay 30, 2017 19 YouTube v12.19 includes the first signs of a new "reel" feature and an option to quickly clear the Watch Later list of videos you've already seen [APK Teardown] 2017/05/30 6:21am PDTMay 30, 2017 Last 7 Days 39 OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 2017/05/26 1:25pm PDTMay 26, 2017 18 [Bonus Round] Get your hands on another 25 temporarily free and 56 on-sale apps 2017/05/25 1:12pm PDTMay 25, 2017 15 The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available 2017/05/26 5:11pm PDTMay 26, 2017 72 Google Photos archiving is rolling out to everyone right now 2017/05/24 1:26pm PDTMay 24, 2017 291 Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 Last 30 Days 77 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 87 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 88 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.752s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Humans of Hindutva Facebook page blocked temporarily; 'collective effort to muzzle voices,' says admin Donald Trump hands out personal cell phone number to world leaders, raises security concerns Bihar board Class 12th results see drastic fall in pass percentage; nearly two-third flunk Science stream exam Comedian Kathy Griffin holds up what looks like Trump's severed head; apologises later 'Arnab Goswami lacks integrity, credibility as a journalist': Full text of Kerala MP's open letter to Republic TV editor more from #Judy Judy malware: Here is the complete list of infected Google Play Store apps Judy malware could have affected up to 36.5 million Android users: Check Point Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Judy malware: Here is the complete list of infected Google Play Store apps By tech2 News Staff /  30 May 2017 , 17:27 #Judy In what would be one of the biggest malware stories of our time, the security researchers at Check Point had unearthed an Android malware campaign that could have infected up to 36.5 million Android users to date. The malware called “Judy” has spread or rather had been spreading, undetected over the past year in the form of 41 applications that have been available for download on the Google Play Store. After being informed by Check Point Google reacted by quickly taking down all of these 41 applications from the Play Store. Unfortunately for Android users, the damage had already been done. The apps did not come from one developer but several developers who all had the same malware. For now it isn’t clear whether the deveopers were connected. What Check Point did reveal was that the code could have been replicated by third-party developers adding some more developers to that list. Judy works by generating clicks on advertisements. This allows hackers to charge advertisers for the clicks, getting them plenty of money in return. From the Check Point report these applications have been downoad between 4.5 to 18.5 million times and there is a big chance that users could have been a victim of the Judy malware. Thanks to Check Point, we now have a long list of apps developed by Korea-based Kiniwini, that happens to be a registered developer on the Google Play Store. Oddly, these also happen to be apps that have received 4 star ratings complete with positive reviews on the Play Store. If you are a bit confused as to which are of these apps are infected and which are not? A simple solution is to simply uninstall any app with the word “Judy” in it. App name Date Developer Fashion Judy: Snow Queen style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Persian cat care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Pretty rapper 24.3.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Teacher style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Dragon care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Halloween Cookies 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Wedding Party 7.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Teddy Bear care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Bunny Girl Style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Frozen Princess 7.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Triangular Kimbap 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Udong Maker – Cook 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Uniform style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Rabbit care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Vampire style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Nine-Tailed Fox 18.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Jelly Maker – Cook 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Chicken Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Sea otter care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Elephant care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Happy House 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Hotdog Maker – Cook 29.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Birthday Food Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Wedding day 20.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Waitress style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Character Lunch 10.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker 10.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Rudolph care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Hospital:pediatrics 10.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Country style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Feral Cat care 16.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Twice Style 20.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Myth Style 20.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Fennec Fox care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Dog care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Couple Style 24.3.17 Kiniwini Animal Judy: Cat care 14.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: Halloween style 7.4.17 Kiniwini Fashion Judy: EXO Style 7.4.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: Dalgona Maker 28.3.17 Kiniwini Chef Judy: ServiceStation Food 10.4.17 Kiniwini Judy’s Spa Salon 10.4.17 Kiniwini 커플디데이 (커플기념일, 위젯) 2-Apr-17 Neoroid Dog Music (Relax) 29-Jun-16 Neoroid 카카오톡 대화분석기 25-Feb-16 DeepEnjoy 황금기 알리미 (여성달력) 20-Apr-16 Neoroid 100억 가계부 2-Apr-17 그린 스튜디오 KatocPic(카톡픽) – 카톡프로필 23-Aug-16 Wontime 필수추천 무료어플 77 5-Feb-17 App&Apps Spring-It’s stylish, it’s sexy 30-Sep-16 Sundaybugs Crafting Guide for Minecraft 4-May-17 JIZARD Publish date: May 30, 2017 5:27 pm| Modified date: May 30, 2017 5:27 pm Tags: Judy, Judy Android malware, Judy apps Google Play, Judy infected apps, Judy malware Also read Ransomware: Understanding the landscape of this form of malware and effective ways to counter it Judy malware could have affected up to 36.5 million Android users: Check Point X Recommended For You RBI is planning to issue guidelines to reduce customer liability in the event of digital frauds CMU researchers develop synthetic sensor that turns your room into a smart environment British Airways resumes normal operations but does not provide any detail about the massive IT failure Shadow Brokers group plans to sell new stolen codes in July Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Smartphone Thumb May 31, 2017 Doctors warn that excessive texting can cause ‘Smartphone Thumb’ #Uber May 31, 2017 Uber is testing Autohawk in India, a vehicle monitoring system designed to improve cab efficiency #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Amazon May 31, 2017 Amazon shares beat Alphabet Inc, hit $1,000 mark #MIT May 31, 2017 MIT researchers 3D print conch shell-inspired, impact resistant material for body armour and helmets #Uber May 31, 2017 Uber fires its self-driving unit head Anthony Levandowski over lawsuit by Waymo SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Online Education In India To Be Rs 12,669 Crore Industry By 2021, With Rise In Paid... 387 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Online Education In India To Be Rs 12,669 Crore Industry By 2021, With Rise In Paid E-Courses Gwyn D'Mello May 30, 2017 387 SHARES Google and KPMG have released a report titled ‘Online Education in India: 2021’ that analyses the growing utilisation of the Internet in the education industry. The report reveals that online education is expected to grow eight times over in the next four years, to eventually become a $1.96 billion industry in the country by 2021. Utilising market research by KPMG and insights from Google search, the report also states that the number of paid users of online education services will increase by 6x from 1.6 million in 2016 to approximately 9.6 million in 2021.  According to the study, over the last two years, online searches for education have doubled, with a 3x increase from mobile devices alone. In addition, 44 percent of education-focused Google searches are coming from areas other than India’s top six metropolitan cities, with a quadruple increase in educational content consumed on YouTube in the last year alone. Online certification courses are expected to grow the most; with a net value of 493 million in 2016, it’s expected to touch $463 million by 2021. Yet, primary and secondary supplementary education has the most number of consumers, with a student base of 260 million, making it the second largest category, and expected to reach $773 million by 2021. “The online education segment is set to become a multi-billion dollar opportunity in India,” said Nitin Bawankule, Industry Director, Google India. “There are many factors driving this growth including the perceived convenience, increased reach and personalisation offered by online channels. It is also interesting to note, that high growth in education search queries is now coming in from Tier 2 and 3 cities such as Patna, Guwahati, Aligarh and Kota - which points to the opportunities that growing penetration of smartphones and improving quality of internet have opened up.” According to Sreedhar Prasad, a partner at KPMG India, this is promising for the future of the country’s online education industry. “There are several evolving trends in the Indian online education segment that are contributing to the growth opportunities ahead. These include emergence of hybrid learning channels, continuous need for working professionals to learn new skills as well as emergence of technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence that is enabling online education vendors to design customized content. At the same time, it will be critical for players to deliver differentiated offerings for consumers to see continued value in online education channels.” Don't Miss Meet Judy, A Malware That Infects Android Phones & Auto-Clicks Ads To Earn Money For Hackers Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin's Personal Airship Will Also Provide Help On Humanitarian... 402 SHARES China Turned On The World's Largest Floating Solar Plant Generating 40MW Of Clean, Green Energy 16.3K SHARES Reliance Jio Will Launch A 100Mbps Broadband Service At Rs 500 Per Month For 100GB In Diwali 6.5K SHARES Why Indian Army Of Ethical Hackers Earn Millions Abroad But Are Ignored At Home 3.4K SHARES 387 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES State Farm Insurance Join the all-rounder of insurance Milaap My son won't live to see his second birthday! Truck Sponsored Ads 2017 Pickup Trucks You Have To See To Believe Activly 15 Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Not to Leave Unchecked Two Red Dots Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster Microsoft An Affordable And Accessible Learning Platform just in News 130 SHARES Microsoft Hosts India's First Accessibility Summit For Tech Access To The Differently-Abled Partner 273 SHARES Ranbir Kapoor’s Latest Travel Video Is Something Every Traveller Must Watch. We Are Definitely Loving It News This Working Holographic Model Of Microsoft's Cortana Digital Assistant Is Simply Amazing! Apps Researchers Have Built An AI That Can Turn Your Face Into An Animated, Talking Bronze Statue In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance Science And Future 115 SHARES Scientists Warn Australia That Its Plans Is Not Enough To Save Great Barrier Reef Partner 37.4K SHARES India’s Heartthrob Barun Sobti’s Rocking Musical Avatar Is A Treat For Sore Eyes. Watch This Video To Know More News 1.3K SHARES "I'm An Idiot," Says Elon Musk, Taking Responsibility For Tesla's Model X SUV's Poor Sales Science And Future 191 SHARES The US Army's AR Goggle Will Give Soldiers Enhanced Awareness, Just Like In Video Games! 1 week ago, we lost our daughter to this Milaap Science And Future 1.2K SHARES Two Guys Built A Nature-Themed Motorcycle Completely Out Of Wood That Runs On Algae Oil News 1.9K SHARES Apple Co-Founder Believes That Tesla Will Change World Going Forward, Not Apple Or Anyone Else News 2.7K SHARES Pepsi Is Experimenting With Insect & Worm Based Protein Substitute In Its Snacks And Drinks News The Tiny Hamlet Of Binsmi In Jharkhand Has Only 1,000 Houses, But It's Home To Over 900 Cyber Crooks Female Bollywood stars who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE who we are This Video Of Baby Walking Immediately After Being Born Is Breaking The Internet! Neha Borkar 110.8K SHARES Sports Ranveer Singh's Celebration For Arsenal Winning FA Cup Draws Praise From Mesut Ozil Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 36K SHARES india Kerala, West Bengal Announce War On Cattle Slaughter Ban. Tamil Nadu, Karnataka Join Protests Bobins Abraham 21.3K SHARES Ad Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas celebscoop All Those Who Have Religious Insecurities, Randeep Hooda Has An Easy Solution For You! Garima Satija 29.6K SHARES celebscoop Get Over Shahid & Mira, Baby Misha Snatched The Limelight From Her Star Parents At The Airport Isha Sharma 15.7K SHARES celebscoop ‘Pakeezah’ Actress Geeta Kapoor’s Son Abandons Her In Hospital, She Reveals He Used To... Garima Satija 21.2K SHARES Ad His Neighbors Were Outraged at First. Now They Think He’.. Grizly celebscoop Priyanka Chopra To Be Conferred With Dadasaheb Phalke Award For Being An International Icon Saloni Singh 20.9K SHARES world ‘We Are Made For Each Other,’ PM Modi Tells German Chancellor Angela Merkel Shweta Sengar 13.3K SHARES celebscoop This 3 YO Dressed Up As Famous Strong Women And The Pics Are As Powerful As The Original Ones Isha Sharma 13K SHARES Ad 20 Cars to Avoid At All Costs in 2017 SheBudgets.com OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones Android creator takes on Google and Apple with Essential Phone and Amazon Echo rival Rubin's mystery smartphone revealed alongside Essential Home smart speaker-like device. By Oliver Cragg May 30, 2017 13:19 BST The first renders of Essential's debut smartphone have been released.Essential Android co-creator Andy Rubin has unveiled the first wave of devices from Essential - a new company looking to apply "real passion and craftsmanship" to smartphone hardware. Essential released the first official renders of the Essential Phone and an Amazon Echo and Google Home rival, called Essential Home, earlier today (30 May). The long-teased phone and surprise smart speaker-like device come from a team that reportedly consists of around 40 employees and is made up of alumni from Apple, Google, HTC and other leading players in the smartphone sector. Here's everything we know so far about the two devices: Essential Phone Initially planned for a US-only release, the Essential Phone will retail for $699 (£544) and appropriately runs Android OS. While the specification list is very much in line with the top-end smartphones of 2017 - Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB of RAM and a huge 128GB of storage - the innovative design could draw a few eyes away from more established names. There are hints of the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 in the Essential Phone's elongated screen and minimal bezel space, but it takes the edge-to-edge ethos a step further by integrating the selfie camera into the display's notification bar. The rear dual camera, meanwhile, has a similar set-up to Huawei's P10 with one standard 13 megapixel lens complimented by a secondary monochrome sensor. Audio fans may be upset by the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack, but a USB-C dongle is included for those without wireless headphones. 1 of 2 The Essential Phone in 'Pure White'.Essential The Essential Phone in 'Pure White'.Essential Essential's mods attach to the phone via a magnetic connector on the rear.Essential The part-titanium and part-ceramic smartphone is also attempting to revive modular hardware design - a prospect that lost its luster after the LG experimented with peripherals with the G5. However, rather than removing parts of the device to accommodate modular add-ons, the Essential Phone has a magnetic pin connector dubbed "Click" that transmits data to attachments over a wireless connection. Essential revealed a 360-degree camera and an Essential Phone Dock that utilises this feature. Judged on the stunning renders and flagship specs, the Essential Phone is certainly an intriguing and attractive prospect from an unknown company with enough pedigree to match its impressive ambition. Essential's bold pitch doesn't stop there though... Essential Home On the surface, Essential's Home is the latest addition to the growing smart speaker market that takes the tube-like design of its rivals and shrinks it into a circular pod with a top-mounted screen. The squashed device also shares some of the functionality of its competitors like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, with its digital assistant tech offering smart home controls, voice-activated music playback, reminders, notifications and the usual gamut of smart speaker features. What Essential believes separates it from the pack is its intelligence which comes via Essential's own software platform called Ambient OS. Essential's website notes that you can "Ask, tap, or even glance to activate" the Home's AI system. Details are limited on what Ambient OS is and what it actually does, but the company claims that Home will be a pro-active, but subtle alternative that uses local network services wherever possible, as opposed to the cloud-based service favoured by Google and Amazon. With Apple also rumoured to be entering the nascent intelligent speaker market, it will be interesting to see how Essential's underdog proposition fares against the tech elite. Essential has not revealed any launch schedule or pricing for Essential Home at the time of writing, although US buyers can reserve an Essential Phone here. Essential Home official render.Essential More from IBTimes UK What's a smartphone thumb? Excessive texting is leading to more cases of the repetitive strain injury Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter #TheresaMayGifs: PM trolled on social media over 'awful' debate performance on TV Related topics : Android Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Thousands of Spotify account passwords leaked Columnists Daniel Hannan “Corbyn treats Isis, Hamas and the IRA the same - blaming us for their crimes READ MORE Do you suffer from smartphone thumb? Find out about the painful condition, why people get it, and how you... Google Chrome bug allows sites to spy on you by secretly recording audio and video Google said that it will 'improve the situation' but that it doesn't... Best productivity apps, tips and tricks for iPad Pro From Adobe and Google to Microsoft Office, our guide to the best... Suspected Russian hacker in extradition tug-of-war between US and Russia 29- year old Yevgeniy Nikulin has been accused of hacking LinkedIn,... Architecture trailblazer Zaha Hadid honoured in Google's latest Doodle She was the first woman to get the Royal Gold Medal by the Royal... Is your sat nav wasting your life? Study reveals drivers lose 29 hours a year using device Survey claims poor direction and human error are to blame. US military testing 'bolt-on' laser weapons for B-52 bombers Air Force scientists test anti-missile defensive lasers for larger... Amazon beats Alphabet to $1,000 per share price mark Internet retail giant has won the tussle between it and Google's... 'Friendly hackers' hijack UK shopping centre billboard with a hilarious security message 'Good-natured' hack on Liverpool One shopping centre billboard... Final Fantasy 7 Remake and Shenmue 3 news is a timely reminder of the perils of E3 hype Two years ago Sony blew our minds with two huge announcements. The... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Android Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Dan Price May 30, 2017 30-05-2017 7 minutes Why 2017 Is the Year of Android, Not Apple Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Forget Apple. Forget iOS. Forget Tim Cook. Don’t fall for the marketing ploys. Don’t listen to the fanboy platitudes. In 2017, there’s only one mobile operating system that’s innovating, growing, and developing: Android. This assertion isn’t based on personal preferences or online rumors. It’s not borne out of a dislike for Apple or a loathing of iOS. It’s grounded in cold, hard facts. Don’t believe me? Keep reading to find out why 2017 is the year of Android. App Stores Projections Technology lives or dies by its popularity. There’s a reason VHS beat Betamax in the first battle for your living room, and Internet Explorer smashed Netscape Navigator into the trashcan of history: user numbers. And right now, the various projections don’t make happy reading for Apple and iOS. In late-2016, App Annie released its annual report. It found that over the course of the previous 12 months, global app downloads had risen by 15 percent, time spent using apps had increased by 25 percent, and money paid to developers had grown by 40 percent. The report suggested users in China and other emerging markets fueled a significant part of the growth. And which operating system is most popular in China? It’s Android, by miles. The most recent figures from Statista show Android boasts a mammoth 74.44 percent market share, compared to iOS’s 24.74 percent. Worryingly for Apple, the percentages have barely moved in the last four years. If anything, Android is the operating system that’s been slowly stealing users away from Windows Mobile and other defunct platforms. It’s the same story in countries like Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, and Indonesia. They’re the places that’ll be driving app store growth in the next decade — markets in Europe and the United States have almost reached saturation point. The Future So what does the future look like? App Annie says the number of handsets will grow from 2.6 billion in 2015 to 6.2 billion in 2020, and the Play Store will be the clear beneficiary. Projections show the growth of Google’s store will be four times stronger than the growth of Apple’s store. It also predicts that by early 2018, the combined app revenue of the Google Play Store and other Android stores such as Amazon Appstore Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? Google Play vs. Amazon Appstore: Which Is Better? The Google Play Store isn't your only option when it comes to downloading apps -- should you give the Amazon Appstore a try? Read More will surpass Apple’s App Store revenues. Most estimates think the changeover will happen in late-2017. Bottom line: There’s only so long that developers will maintain their iOS-first approach iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? iPad and iPhone vs. Android: What's Best for Mobile Games? Android and iOS offer two different experiences in every facet. But is an iPhone better than a Pixel for mobile gaming? Let's find out. Read More . Like any business, they’ll follow the money. Innovation When was the last time Apple did something truly innovative with iOS? In fact, when was the last time the operating system changed in any seriously discernible way for end users? Apple released iOS 10 in 2016 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More . The headline new features were a press-to-unlock home screen and mainly cosmetic app updates. The visuals of the platform have barely changed since 2007’s original iPhone. Meanwhile, in the software department, Android has improved by leaps and bounds. Different manufacturer versions of Android now boast fantastic features Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More that aren’t present in iOS. To be fair, though, outside of the top couple of premium Android handsets, iPhones do have better hardware. Apple is continually improving there, and the amount of technology they manage to cram into the ultra-slim iPhones never ceases to amaze me. An Operating System for Life? But what’s going on outside of the smartphone sector? Right now, Apple’s newest iPhone 7 can’t even connect to its top-of-the-line MacBook Pro without an assortment of dongles and adaptors. Let’s cast the net even wider. What other projects is Google working on? Well, there’s self-driving cars How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? How Close Are We to Self-Driving Cars Being Available? Read More , global internet coverage, Google Glass Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Is Google Glass the Best Thing Since Sliced Bread? [MUO Debates] Join us as Justin and Matt face off in a debate about whether or not Google Glass is the next big thing that's going to transform the world of technology and mobile applications. Read More , Nest, delivery drones, medical devices, smart contact lenses, Android Auto Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Auto is Google's special app for using your phone in the car, and it's now available on every phone. Here's what you can do with it, and how to set it up. Read More , Google Fiber Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google's Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Google always has dozens of projects going at any given time and it can be hard to keep track of them all. Here are the most interesting ones that you should be aware of. Read More , virtual reality, and more. And which operating system is going to underpin those cars, futuristic devices, and other ambitious projects? It’s certainly not going to be iOS. Privately, Google must think it’s won the smartphone war. It boasts an insurmountable 81.7 percent market share globally. It’s moving onto bigger things. And Apple? It spent its time peddling mostly unwanted smartwatches Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop We won't know the true number of sales until Apple releases official data in the Fall, but even if recent poor sales figures are correct; the Apple Watch is far from a flop. Read More and inventing pencils. Google’s been working on its self-driving car since 2009. Apple only got its Californian “learners license” in early 2017. Sarcasm aside, it’s clear Google has big plans for both itself and its mobile platform. The projects I mentioned above might be in the long-term plans, but Android could easily become an “operating system for life” which underpins them all. Short-Term Success There are three areas where Android is growing outside the smartphone sector right now. ChromeOS ChromeOS has frightened Microsoft and Apple. It’s success and rate of growth is astounding, especially in the education sector where Apple once reigned supreme. And in early 2017, the operating system got even better 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have 7 Features Your Next Chromebook Must Have Chromebooks are becoming increasingly popular. But if you're about to hit the shops and buy your own, check these features your next Chromebook must have before you part with any money. Read More : Android apps finally became available on the platform. The Samsung Chromebook Pro kicked off the revolution, but on its website, Google has listed more than 80 existing laptop models that will become Play Store-compatible over the coming months. By the middle of this year, every new Chromebook will be Android-enabled. Given Chromebooks outsold Macs One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] One Million Reasons to Buy a Chromebook, Chromebooks Outsell Macs... [Tech News Digest] Google is bringing Android apps to Chrome OS, Chromebooks outsell Macs in the U.S., Gran Turismo Sport has a release date, help Google name Android N, and watch a nightmarish vision of our future. Read More in the United States for the first time in May 2016, there’s an enormous user base that’ll soon automatically be part of the Android ecosystem. Remix OS Google hasn’t developed Remix OS itself, but nevertheless, it does represent a giant leap for the company. Remix OS is a free operating system Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Run Android Apps on Windows With Remix OS Player Want to run Android apps on Windows? Meet Remix OS Player, a virtualized desktop version of Android that runs almost any Android app. Read More that runs on any PC with x86 or ARM architecture. It’s based entirely on an x86 port of the Android operating system and means users can install any Android app on their computer. There are versions available for both Windows and Mac. It means even people who use a Mac for professional purposes can still have access to the Google Play Store on their machine. Unlike Chromebooks, which can run Linux How to Install Linux on a Chromebook How to Install Linux on a Chromebook Do you need Skype on your Chromebook? Do you miss not having access to games through Steam? Are you pining to use VLC Media Player? Then start using Linux on your Chromebook. Read More but struggle under the weight of Windows, users can dual-boot the two systems and easily switch between them. At the time of writing, there is no equivalent for Apple. It’s not surprising: Apple is notoriously stubborn about its “walled garden” approach. It’s an approach that’s served the company well through the formative years of mobile technology, but at what point does it start becoming a hindrance rather than a help? Smart TVs Are you in the market for a new television Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy Is a Smart TV Worth It in 2017? 6 Things to Check Before You Buy These days, almost every TV is "smart" in some capacity, but there are several important features to look out for! Here's why 2017 is the best year yet for purchasing a smart TV. Read More ? If you are, there’s a good chance you’ll buy a model from either Sony, Sharp, or Philips. Between them, the three giants accounted for more than 35 percent of TV sales in Europe and North America in 2016. But what do the three manufacturers all have in common? They all use the Android TV operating system What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? What Is Android TV, and Why Was Google TV Killed? Android TV is replacing the now-five-year-old Google TV. And it's not just an update -- it's a complete remake. Read More . That means all users get access to the Google Play Store, have access to native Chromecast technology, and can use Google Assistant. It’s yet another avenue in which Android will be picking up users, often without them even being aware. Of course, Apple offers Apple TV devices. But a report from eMarketer provides yet more worrying news for the company. It says the devices now control just 11.9 percent of the connected TV market, down from 13.5 percent 12 months ago. Chromecast boasts 19.9 percent (up 1.5 percent) and Roku has 18.2 (up 3 percent). Fuchsia Right now, Google’s various operating systems are still fragmented: Android, Android TV, Chromecast, ChromeOS, and so on. It’s a problem Microsoft has also struggled with as it’s attempted to expand Windows for the 21st century. In this regard, Apple has been the winner in the last decade. The company’s marketing team have religiously stuck to “i[Device]” branding, and the OSX and iOS platforms have been clearly designated as “for desktop” and “for mobile.” But the tide is turning. We’re at a crossroads. It’s no longer only about desktop and mobile — it’s about everything. Once again, Google appears to be one step ahead of the game. It’s developing an entirely new operating system: Project Fuchsia. We don’t know much about the system at the moment. All we’ve seen is some code on GitHub from August 2016. However, clues in the code suggest something grand is coming. Some experts have said it looks like the OS will be able to run on everything from self-driving cars to traffic lights — with smartphones, tablets, and PCs very much included. Is Google going to replace Android? Is Fuchsia the operating system for life I referred to earlier? It’s very possible. If the rumors are true, you need to get onto the Android operating system now. When you’re eventually upgraded to Fuchsia, you’ll realize it was one of the smartest tech decisions you ever made. The End of Android’s Childhood? Android has been part of our lives since September 2008. At the time, it was hard to imagine quite what a juggernaut the operating system would become. To many, it’s already grown up. It’s fast, fluid, sleek, professional, and millions of user around the world love it. But I don’t think it has grown up. If anything, it’s only just starting to embark on its teenage years. Over the next few years, you’ll see it grow a beard, start university, and get married. It might even change its name. 2017 is more than the year of Android. It’s the start of the decade of Android. Disagree? Can Apple respond to the ever-increasing threat of Android domination? Or is it happy to consign itself to being a luxury brand for the few? Let us know what you think in the comments below. Previous PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your SmartphoneNext PostGet More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * decafjava May 30, 2017 at 3:48 pm Hurray for surveillance capitalism! Reply Andy S. May 30, 2017 at 2:32 pm Your comparisons in the second section only make sense if you're being willfully ignorant of the salient details. VHS beat Betamax in terms of user numbers, sure. And Betamax disappeared as a result. But that's because lower user numbers also meant that Betamax as a technology ceased to be profitable. As it stands, the iOS ecosystem remains profitable. iOS isn't going away any time soon. It's also an unfortunate comparison, considering that Betamax is still considered to have been technologically superior to VHS. Using the VHS vs. Betamax analogy as your evidence of how high user numbers are the important factor in a platform war isn't exactly complimentary of Android. IE had greater user numbers than Netscape, but only because it was pre-installed on every Windows PC, and Windows PCs were the dominant computing platform. Did IE really "smash" Netscape Navigator, though? Not really. After Netscape was bought by AOL, the technology behind Navigator eventually grew into what we know today as Mozilla Firefox. Now, ask yourself: how many people do you know who use IE as their primary browser? You're more likely to find out that someone is a Firefox user than an IE user these days. Reply Dan Price 415 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Advertisement Trending You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s… The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything Advertisement Related Articles How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device Android How to Easily Transfer All Your Data to a New Android Device How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Android How to Master Default Apps and Deep Linking on Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Netzwelt Mein SPIEGEL Schlagzeilen ǀ Wetterǀ DAX 12.598,68ǀ TV-Programmǀ Abo Netzwelt Nachrichten Schlagzeilen Nachrichtenarchiv Newsletter RSS Mobil mehr Story Fotostrecken Infografiken Hilfe Impressum Politik Übersicht Deutschland Ausland Europa Meinung Meinung Wirtschaft Übersicht Börse Verbraucher & Service Versicherungen Unternehmen & Märkte Staat & Soziales Mittelstand Brutto-Netto-Rechner Jobsuche Immowelt Tarifvergleiche Panorama Übersicht Justiz Leute Gesellschaft Multimedia-Reportagen Elterncouch LOTTO 6aus49 Eurojackpot Sport Übersicht Fußball-Liveticker Fußball-News Champions League Fußball-Tippspiel Formel 1 Formel-1-Liveticker Ergebnisse Live-Kalender Bundesliga präsentiert von Continental Kultur Übersicht Kino Musik TV Literatur Gutenberg Bestseller Buchrezensionen Hörbücher Video Netzwelt Übersicht Netzpolitik Web Gadgets Games Apps Wissenschaft Übersicht Mensch Natur Technik Weltall Medizin Datenlese ÜberMorgen Sudoku Kenken Street Gesundheit Übersicht Diagnose & Therapie Ernährung & Fitness Psychologie Sex & Partnerschaft Schwangerschaft & Kind BMI-Rechner Kalorienrechner Arztsuche einestages Übersicht Zeitzeugen Erster Weltkrieg Zweiter Weltkrieg DDR Fotografie Film Musik Archiv KarriereSPIEGEL Leben und Lernen Übersicht Schule Uni Job bento Reise Übersicht Städtereisen Deutschland Europa Fernweh Skiatlas Deals der Woche Auto Übersicht Tests Fahrkultur Kfz-Versicherung Stil Übersicht Design Mode Kochen Reisen Hotels English Front Page World Europe Germany Business Zeitgeist BeyondTomorrow Newsletter SPIEGEL Plus Übersicht SPIEGEL Plus Deutschland SPIEGEL Plus Wirtschaft SPIEGEL Plus Gesellschaft SPIEGEL Plus Ausland SPIEGEL Plus Sport SPIEGEL Plus Wissenschaft SPIEGEL Plus Kultur DER SPIEGEL live DER SPIEGEL DER SPIEGEL (digitales Magazin) Titelbilder & Heftarchive Abo-Angebote Shop SPIEGELblog SPIEGEL TV Übersicht SPIEGEL TV Magazin SPIEGEL TV Reportage SPIEGEL TV Programm SPIEGEL.TV Forum Übersicht Votes Netiquette Themen Service Wetter Börse TV-Programm Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Bücher bestellen DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energiesparratgeber Energievergleiche Gehaltscheck Uni-Tools Währungsrechner Versicherungen Abbrechen Zeitraum alles letzte Woche letzter Monat letztes Jahr seit 2005 vor 2005 vor 2000 vor 1995 vor 1990 vor 1980 vor 1970 vor 1960 Überschrift und Vorspann Volltext Autor Nachrichten >Netzwelt >Netzpolitik >EU-Kommission > ePrivacy: Verlage kritisieren in einem offenen Brief Pläne der EU Offener Brief Verlage kritisieren ePrivacy-Pläne der EU Die EU-Kommission will ein neues Zustimmungsverfahren für Cookies einführen. In einem offenen Brief wenden sich viele europäische Verlage, auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE, gegen den Entwurf. DPA Gebäude der EU-Kommission in Brüssel Dienstag, 30.05.2017   14:03 Uhr Drucken Nutzungsrechte Feedback Kommentieren Mit ihrer geplanten Neufassung der sogenannten ePrivacy-Richtlinie will die EU-Kommission es Nutzern leichter machen, mit Cookies umzugehen. Viele europäische Verlage glauben aber, dass die Kommission mit ihrem Vorschlag über dieses Ziel hinausschießt. Die Unternehmen sehen ihre Geschäftsmodelle in Gefahr. Gleichzeitig begünstige der Plan die Konzepte von Internetkonzernen wie Google, Facebook, Apple und Microsoft. Derzeit muss jede Webseite ihre Nutzer darüber aufklären, wenn sie Cookies nutzt und dafür die Zustimmung des Nutzers einholen. Man kennt das von vielen Webseiten, auf denen man so lange einen entsprechenden Hinweis angezeigt bekommt, bis man ihn wegklickt oder eben zustimmt. Die kleinen Dateien sammeln Informationen über das Surfverhalten der Nutzer. Die EU-Kommission will das Zustimmungsverfahren nun ändern. Ihr Plan sieht vor, dass man künftig nur noch ein Mal dem Setzen von Cookies zustimmen soll, nämlich wenn man den Browser öffnet. Diese Zustimmung würde dann aber nur für die Betreiber der Webseiten gelten, Cookies von Drittanbietern würden blockiert. Betroffen davon wären auch die Cookies, die Betreiber von Werbenetzwerken setzen. Diese Praxis wäre aus Sicht der Verlage problematisch. Sie verdienen unter anderem damit Geld, ihren Lesern personalisierte Inhalte und Werbung auszuspielen. Dafür braucht man auch Cookies von Drittanbietern. Zudem werden Cookies von den Verlagen verwendet, um Werbetreibenden gegenüber nachweisen zu können, wie viele Leser man hat. Ohne solche Cookies könnte eine Nachrichtenseite wie SPIEGEL ONLINE dem Leser nicht kostenlos angeboten werden. Die Verlage fürchten nun, dass es mit der neuen Regelung "unglaublich schwierig wird, Leser davon zu überzeugen, ihre Browsereinstellungen so zu ändern, dass diese die Nutzung von Drittanbieter-Cookies zulassen", heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Auch DER SPIEGEL und SPIEGEL ONLINE haben ihn mit unterzeichnet. Im Ergebnis fürchtet man gegenüber den "dominierenden digitalen Plattformen" Nachteile beim Wettbewerb um Werbegelder, heißt es weiter. Diese würden "letztlich unsere Möglichkeiten untergraben, in Europa in hochklassigen Journalismus zu investieren." Im Folgenden geben wir den offenen Brief im Wortlaut wieder: Open letter to the European Parliament / Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission's draft "ePrivacy" regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission's ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission's proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the "ePrivacy" proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that " half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18-24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news - more than television (24%) for the first time." As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the "growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals." [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe/ [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue mak Zur Startseite Diesen Artikel... Drucken Feedback Nutzungsrechte Mehr zum Thema EU-Kommission Internet Alle Themenseiten Forum Diskutieren Sie über diesen Artikel insgesamt 18 Beiträge Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 OskarMaria gestern, 14:34 Uhr 1. Das Internet ist kein Wunschkonzert der Verlage Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer [...] Niemand zwing den Spiegel, sein Angebot kostenlos via Internet anzubieten. Jeder Verlag ist frei zu wählen, wie er sich dort präsentiert. Nämlich entweder kostenlose Angebote bereit zu stellen, seine Beiträge hinter einer Bezahlschranke zu verbergen oder lediglich sein Verlagsangebot allgemein darzustellen. Die Interessen der Werbewirtschaft kollidieren mit den Bürgerrechten der Internetnutzer - nämlich frei darüber zu entscheiden, welche Daten über sich genutzt werden dürfen und welche nicht. Gerade das Tracking der Nutzer über viele Webseiten hinweg ermöglicht die Erstellung von Persönlichkeitsprofilen bis hin zur Identifizierung einzelner Personen. Persönlichkeitsrechte müssen über den Profitinteressen von Wirtschaftsunternehmen stehen. sok1950 gestern, 14:40 Uhr 2. jeder 3Klassen-Absolvent sollte wissen, dass Cookies normal sind genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer [...] genau so wie Wasser nicht als Zutat in Nahrungsmitteln genannt wird aber jeder weiß, dass es Nahrungsmittel ohne Wasser einfach nicht gibt. Jeder der ins Internet geht kann vorab Cookies ausschalten, deren Gültigkeitsdauer begrenzen oder bei Bedarf von Hand löschen, da bedarf es weder ein Gesetz noch irgendwelche Vorschriften. Cookies dienen z.B. auch dazu, dass man bei einem Anbieter nach der Anmeldung verschiedene Seiten aufrufen kann, ohne sich ständig neu anmelden zu müssen. Das klingt wie beim Trabi-Kauf zu DDR-Zeiten: Da gab es Zeiten, da musste man die Räder als "Sonderausstattung" mitbestellen. Ich kannte mal einen, der bestand darauf, den Trabi ohne jede Sonderaustattung zu bekommen - und damit auch ohne Räder...Der brachte ganze Büros durcheinander. aprilfrisch gestern, 15:05 Uhr 3. Schluss mit den Cookies und der heimlichen Verfolgung Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an [...] Liebe Verlage, wir dummes Surfvolk können ja nichts dafür, dass Sie die technischen Entwicklungen im Internet und die sich wandelnden Geschäftsmodelle komplett verschlafen haben. Und nun klammern Sie sich schon wieder an einen technischen Oldie? Mir kommen die Tränen! Wir wollen nicht von Ihnen und schon gar nicht von "Drittanbietern" ungefragt per default getrackt werden. Wenigstens nicht, ohne dass Sie komplett offenlegen, wer die Daten in die Hand bekommt und was damit passiert. Und das so, dass das auch jeder Internet-Dummie verstehen und frei darüber entscheiden kann. Und das, bevor Sie Daten erheben! Idem ius omnibus. aprilfrisch qoderrat gestern, 15:07 Uhr 4. Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die [...] Ein alter Artikel, der aber die Problematik der Drittanbieter-Cookies ganz gut darstellt: http://www.zeit.de/digital/datenschutz/2012-04/cookies-tracking-gegenwehr Im Prinzip wäre das alles kein Problem, wenn die Werbewirtschaft nicht konsequent jede Möglichkeit zum Missbrauch nutzen würde. Daher muss man heute sagen, Blocken von Drittanbieter-Cookies und JavaScript-Code sind fast zwingende Massnahmen zur Selbstverteidigung geben die Werbeindustrie. Ich hoffe Online-Publikationen finden auch einen sauberen und kontrollierten Weg ihre Angebote zu monetarisieren, die im vorliegenden Artikel genannten sind aber keine die dauerhaft funktionieren werden. Sowie die Masse der Nutzer sich zur Sachlage informieren, wird diese Form der Werbung ganz sicher wegbrechen. angst+money gestern, 15:12 Uhr 5. gut gemeint... Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren [...] Aus reinem Eigennutz sehe ich das Gesetz negativ. Bislang fahre ich damit gut, dass ich persönlich alles blocke was möglich ist so dass die Seiten gerade noch funktionieren. In dem Wissen, dass es ohne die vielen Leute, deren Browser Cookies erstmal zulassen, weniger freie Inhalte gäbe. Das ist natürlich purer Egoismus, andererseits - wer keine Werbung will, kann sich ruhig etwas Mühe geben. Hält ja auch geistig rege und befriedigt den Jagdinstinkt. Vielen scheint es ja auch einfach egal zu sein, also was soll's. Und wenn man mir Schmarotzertum vorwirft: Ich reagiere eh nicht auf Anzeigen, bin aber trotzdem eine Bereicherung für den e-commerce. Ist also kein Schaden, höchstens für die Content-Anbieter - denen kann man dann ja Kompensation anbieten für Leser, die ohne Werbung trotzdem Sachen kaufen. Dafür würde ich sogar ein gaanz kleines tracking cookie freischalten... (den letzten halben Absatz bitte nicht 100% ernstnehmen) Alle Kommentare öffnen Seite 1 Ihr Kommentar zum Thema Anmelden | Registrieren Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Das SPON-Forum: So wollen wir debattieren Forumname Überschrift Beitrag © SPIEGEL ONLINE 2017 Alle Rechte vorbehalten Vervielfältigung nur mit Genehmigung der SPIEGELnet GmbH TOP Die Homepage wurde aktualisiert. Jetzt aufrufen. Hinweis nicht mehr anzeigen. Serviceangebote von SPIEGEL-ONLINE-Partnern AUTO Benzinpreis Bußgeldrechner Werkstattvergleich Kfz-Versicherung ENERGIE Gasanbietervergleich Stromanbietervergleich Energievergleiche JOB Gehaltscheck Brutto-Netto-Rechner Uni-Tools Jobsuche Online Englisch lernen FINANZEN Währungsrechner Immobilien-Börse Versicherungen FREIZEIT Eurojackpot Lottozahlen Sudoku Kenken Street Reise-Deals Bücher bestellen Hörbücher Arztsuche DSL-Vergleich Ferientermine SPIEGEL GRUPPE Abo -Shop -manager magazin -Harvard Business Manager -buchreport -Werbung -Jobs DER SPIEGEL Dein SPIEGEL SPIEGEL WISSEN SPIEGEL BIOGRAFIE SPIEGEL GESCHICHTE Edition Geschichte SPIEGEL SPEZIAL SPIEGEL CLASSIC UNI SPIEGEL LITERATUR SPIEGEL Twitter Facebook Google+ Impressum -Datenschutz -Nutzungsrechte -Kontakt -Hilfe
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Firehouse-hotel project almost set in St. Paul Eagan leads the pack for residential construction in May At the U of M, projects rise for academics and athletics facilities Twin Cities’ private colleges building, restoring this summer Whatever happened to Brookdale Square redevelopment? Designing a rare hospice for children takes TLC Top Transactions: Eden Prairie home attracts transplants MSFA looks into issues with Vikings stadium’s envelope Minnesota legislators pass $988 million bonding bill IRET pays $61.5M for new Oxbō apartments in St. Paul Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Cybersecurity / Keeping your business safe on the cloud Keeping your business safe on the cloud By: BridgeTower Media Newswires May 30, 2017 7:00 am 0 Data storage in the cloud has become a mainstay for companies in all industries and of all sizes. Yet as more and more valuable data moves to the cloud, how can businesses stay one step ahead of the security risks? The 2017 State of the Cloud Report, published by the Santa Barbara, California-based cloud-computing provider RightScale, shows that 95 percent of businesses make use of the cloud in some form. There are a number of reasons why the cloud is an appealing place to store data. For one, a third-party provider has a broader perspective of cyber threats that can help protect your business, said Dan Shugrue, director of product marketing at Akamai Technologies, a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based cloud-service provider. “Let’s say you have an e-commerce site and prefer to touch your data yourself. You can be excellent at your job and notice when the latest threat comes in and take measures to block it,” Shugrue said. “But you can’t see who is threatening other companies in your industry, and you can’t put protections in place before they strike.” Then there’s the cost incentive. Consumer-grade cloud storage, such as Google Drive or a basic Dropbox account, comes free of charge. “I see a lot of small companies, especially in the Maryland, (Washington, D.C.) and Virginia area, using cloud storage because it keeps your overhead down real low,” said Mark McLarnon, chief technology officer of Baltimore’s CyberPoint International, a cybersecurity firm. “You’re pushed, you’re almost enticed to use things like (Microsoft) OneDrive. Even with the free versions, you get a lot of storage. But what’s overlooked is the risk of unauthorized access.” What are you storing? The consumer-grade (technology) tends to be free, but users are paying for it with a lack of privacy, said Donald Spicer, associate vice chancellor and chief information officer of the University System of Maryland. “If you have a consumer-grade Google account, there is no limitation about what Google is able to look at within your private account. None of that is true when an enterprise pays for a service. It’s all protected, and it’s quite a different service.” For that reason, upgrading to a paid cloud provider is ultimately worth the investment for many businesses, because you’re more likely to keep your data safe from competitors or other intruders, Spicer said. While there is still on-premise data storage on USM campuses, the system does rely heavily on the cloud. For example, USM has moved to software-as-a-service solutions for its human resources and financial functions, Spicer said. However, any USM data stored in the cloud is heavily secured by a number of different measures. For example, data has to be encrypted both in transit and at rest to prevent unauthorized access. USM also has a cybersecurity council with representation from all institutions in the system. Ultimately, especially for institutions with personal or confidential data to protect, it’s important to stay on top of which setting is safest. That’s the approach followed by Jefferson Health in Philadelphia. “Being in health care, we have to really look at the sensitivity and criticality of some of the data,” said Robert Dalrymple, director of IS&T security and enterprise information security officer for Jefferson Health and Thomas Jefferson University. “Some data and information, we may not want to have in the cloud, although we can have private and dedicated cloud situations. It’s probably going to be a hybrid final state here at Jefferson.” Where’s the data? For managers contemplating the cloud for the first time or wanting to upgrade from a free Dropbox account, what are some important questions to ask prospective providers? First of all, know where the data will be. “We have an obligation, if we have protected information, to know where it is stored,” McLarnon said. “The internet connects us in ways we don’t always grasp. We could be storing a file with a cloud-storage provider and it might be replicated in Oregon, Ireland or Eastern Europe.” McLarnon also recommended making sure your provider requires multifactor authentication to access your data. That means anyone looking for access has to provide multiple pieces of evidence to confirm their identity, such as typing in a password and identifying a security image. Another important question concerns micro-perimeters around the data, said Brian Vecci, technical evangelist at software company Varonis Systems in New York City. “Micro-perimeters are the equivalent of placing a wall directly around the data itself. … (They) restrict access on a need-to-know basis and monitor and alert on all usage for unusual behavior. The idea is that a cybercriminal can and will scale the walls of a castle, so let’s put the crown jewels in a locked safe within a locked room that is monitored 24/7.” Then there is air gapping. This is the practice of making sure that there is a physical barrier between unsecured public Wi-Fi networks and the place where your data is being stored. Today, cloud usage is already near-universal in the business world, and that trend shows no sign of reversing. “More data will move to and pass through the cloud as costs go down and functionality goes up,” Vecci said. “The companies that will be ahead of everyone else will be the ones that leverage unified data-security platforms for connecting cloud and on-premise systems into a single framework.” Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 7:00 am Tue, May 30, 2017 Finance & Commerce BridgeTower Media Newswires Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Firehouse-hotel project almost set in St. Paul May 30, 2017 4:03 pm Eagan leads the pack for residential construction in May May 30, 2017 3:45 pm At the U of M, projects rise for academics and athletics facilities May 30, 2017 7:02 am Twin Cities’ private colleges building, restoring this summer May 30, 2017 7:02 am Whatever happened to Brookdale Square redevelopment? May 29, 2017 7:02 am Designing a rare hospice for children takes TLC May 29, 2017 7:00 am Top Transactions: Eden Prairie home attracts transplants May 27, 2017 7:10 am Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Firehouse-hotel project almost set in St. Paul by Clare Kennedy | May. 30 Eagan leads the pack for residential construction in May by Brian Johnson | May. 30 At the U of M, projects rise for academics and athletics facilities by Brian Johnson | May. 30 Twin Cities' private colleges building, restoring this summer by Clare Kennedy | May. 30 Whatever happened to Brookdale Square redevelopment? by Hank Long | May. 29 In Brief Most-read stories: Week of May 22 May 29, 2017 10:02 am Most-read stories: Week of May 15 May 22, 2017 10:02 am NTI to provide services for Thor project May 16, 2017 3:58 pm Comment period kicks off on Enbridge Line 3 pipeline review May 15, 2017 3:38 pm Most-read stories: Week of May 8 May 15, 2017 10:23 am Features Building Blocks: V2 Apartments May 19, 2017 7:09 am Sustainable: Green Building Council expanding focus May 2, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: 333 on the Park April 21, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Nation & World Business owners upbeat, but not about economy May 30, 2017 3:48 pm Kansas City opens up airport terminal project to bidding May 30, 2017 3:48 pm Consumer confidence slips in May but still at high level May 30, 2017 3:47 pm Home prices rising 2 times faster than wages May 30, 2017 1:16 pm U.S. consumer spending and incomes grew solidly in April May 30, 2017 1:16 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content Designing a rare hospice for children takes TLC Minnesota legislators pass $988 million bonding bill At the U of M, projects rise for academics and athletics facilities Twin Cities' private colleges building, restoring this summer Whatever happened to Brookdale Square redevelopment? Cybersecurity Special Section Finance & Commerce announces Top Projects of 2016 Experts Forum: How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Golf Special Section Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments Jeremiah: If you look at the average rental rates in cities like Seatt... Zach Pasdoe: If you look at what has been built or what is currently unde... Eddie Rogers: I will believe it when I see it.... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts May 31, 2017 Digital Edition Firehouse-hotel project almost set in St. Paul Business owners upbeat, but not about economy Kansas City opens up airport terminal project to bidding Consumer confidence slips in May but still at high level Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
clock menu more-arrow Circuit Breaker Huawei Watch 2 review: a fitness focus that falls flat Huawei’s latest smartwatch is a departure from the fashion-forward original by Brent Rose May 30, 2017, 8:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin The original Huawei Watch was one of my surprise favorites. It didn’t have an overabundance of features, but it ran Android Wear nicely and it looked good doing it. With the new $299.99 Huawei Watch 2, the company pivoted hard. It put an emphasis on function over form in an attempt to make it more of a fitness device rather than a casual fashion piece. That’s exactly what a number of other companies such as Apple, Samsung, and LG have done with their recent smartwatch attempts, but in the case of the Huawei, the result is a mixed bag. To test the watch, I linked it with my primary Google accounts and wore it constantly, except when charging it or swimming. I wore it while hiking, running, playing basketball, and doing a couple of at-home workouts. I used it as a second screen for my phone, as an activity tracker, and even for tracking my sleep (via a third-party app) — you know, the stuff that smartwatches are typically used for. But before we get into how it did, let’s talk about what’s new in this model. The big new feature is that the watch now has its own GPS radio. This means you can leave your phone at home, then go for a run or ride and all your important, brag-worthy stats will be recorded. It also has a built-in optical heart rate monitor that tracks your ticker 24/7; it should deliver a good look at your resting heart rate over time, which is an important metric for your overall fitness. It’s one of the few Android Wear watches that has a built-in speaker, which you can use for notifications and alarms, as well as playing music directly from the watch. You should, theoretically, be able to make phone calls through it, but the app crashed on me every time I tried it. The global version of the watch has LTE as an option, but unfortunately that model hasn’t yet made it to the US. To accommodate these additional components, the body of the Huawei Watch 2 is 1.3mm thicker than the original (12.6mm vs. 11.3mm). That doesn’t seem like a lot on paper, but on a watch, you notice every tenth of a millimeter. One of the things the original had going for it was that it was fairly unobtrusive. It laid more or less flat against your wrist, and it wasn’t overly prone to catching on your cuff. The Watch 2 juts out more and makes it feel closer to the chunky GPS watches you associate with trekking — but at least those are typically waterproof to 50+ meters. The Watch 2 tops out at IP68, which means it’s water resistant up to a meter for up to 30 minutes. In other words: you can shower with it, but swimming is out. The Huawei Watch 2 is noticeably thicker than the original, but with a smaller screen The body of the watch is now plastic instead of metal, which gives it a decidedly cheaper look and feel. The biggest loss, however, is that the screen has decreased from 1.4 inches to 1.2 inches. At first I thought Huawei did this to reduce the overall size of the device, but despite the smaller screen the new version is larger than the original in every dimension. The Watch 2 has a thicker, more utilitarian-looking bezel encircling the screen (again, probably to make room for the additional sensors and such), so it’s possible that shrinking the screen was how it kept the watch from being even larger than it is. If so, it wasn’t worth it, as the display is very hard to read. Icons get jammed together and it’s extremely easy to over-scroll when swiping, or select the wrong item by mistake. For context, the Apple Watch has a 1.65-inch screen (square), and the larger Moto 360 has a 1.56-inch screen (round). Both are much easier to use. The Watch 2 also lacks a rotating bezel or crown, so all of your interaction happens on that tiny screen. The exceptions are the two buttons on the side: one is used to open apps and launch Assistant, and the other launches workout tracking. The Huawei Watch 2 runs Android Wear 2.0, which is a big improvement over earlier versions. It can run native, standalone apps and even download them directly from the Google Play Store on the watch. Watchfaces can display far more complex data fields, and the notifications are easier to interact with — or they would be if they weren’t so tiny on this diminutive screen. I actually encountered a surprising amount of bugginess: apps randomly freezing on a couple of occasions, and the watch generally being slow to respond to input. The screen times out all too quickly, which forces you to navigate all the way back to the thing you just had up (though this may be an Android Wear issue). While Google Assistant is built in, it seems that not all Google Assistants are created equal. I can ask my Pixel XL "What time do the Warriors play tonight?" and it’ll tell me they are playing the Spurs at 6PM tonight. When I ask the watch the exact same question, Assistant tells me, "Sorry, I couldn’t do that." Go figure. Also, Android Wear still won’t let Google Voice users initiate an SMS conversation from their own Google Voice phone number, which remains infuriating for me. Android Pay is another new addition with Wear 2.0 and it works smoothly. Once you have your credit cards loaded into the watch (you’ll need your phone for that, too), you can use the watch to pay for goods pretty much anywhere NFC payments are available. You must have a lock screen enabled on your watch, but once it’s unlocked, you just open the pay app, select the card you want to use, and tap your watch’s screen to the point-of-sale machine’s NFC reader. This could come in handy if you’re running without your phone and you find yourself in desperate need of a drink or a taxi back home. Huawei did build some of its own apps to take advantage of the Watch 2’s new hardware features. Simply press the physical button on the bottom right of the watch and you can track running, walking, outdoor cycling, treadmill, indoor cycling, and "other," which you can use for general workouts. There are also modes for cardio and "fat-burning," which will help you stay within a predetermined heart rate zone while running. If you also use the phone-based Huawei Health app, it can help you train for a 5K, 10K, half marathon, or full marathon based on your current fitness level and your goals. Huawei Health can also integrate with Google Fit, MyFitnessPal, and (strangely) UP by Jawbone so your stats won’t languish in a silo, alone forever. The workout app is really pretty decent. It has an embedded Google Map which you can use to see your location (though only if you have preloaded the map or have your phone with you), and it can display your running cadence (i.e., steps per minute), which is an important metric and a pretty rare one for a watch to display. Unfortunately, this is somewhat neutered by the small screen. Cadence is displayed on a page with five other data fields. When crammed into a 1.2-inch screen, those data fields are entirely illegible while running. If I wanted to see my cadence I had to stop and look, and then I only had a few seconds to see it, because it changes when your feet stop moving. This could easily be solved by separating some of these data fields onto other pages, so a larger font could be used. Of course, you can just as easily install Runkeeper, Strava, Runtastic, and other favorite mobile fitness apps, but even then the tiny screen is prone to cutting off text at the corners. Heart rate monitoring was surprisingly accurate Wrist-based optical heart rate monitors are notorious for having accuracy problems, which is why I was surprised to discover the quality of this one. I did a workout with the Huawei Watch 2 on my left rest, and on my right I used the Garmin Fenix 5X paired with a very trustworthy chest strap HRM. I found that the Huawei tended to be 5–10 seconds behind the Garmin when it came to displaying changes in my heart rate, but once it caught up it was almost always within five beats per minute, and more often it stayed within two. That’s really quite good! The lag was definitely annoying, but in the context of a long workout I wouldn’t call it a deal-breaker. One of the things the watch does best is function as an activity tracker (a la Fitbit and co). When you open the built-in Daily Tracking app, you’re greeted with a ton of data that’s laid out very nicely. It tells you how many steps you’ve taken, how many feet of elevation you’ve gained, how many times you’ve stood up, how long you’ve spent standing, how much time you’ve spent in different heart rate zones, how many calories you’ve burned, and even your resting heart rate for the day (and a graph for viewing all the spikes and valleys over the last six hours). Many of these data fields can be integrated into your favorite watchface, too. It will also advise you to get up and move if you’ve been inactive for more than an hour, and it will even show you some stretches you can do. Unreliable battery life is frustrating Unfortunately, battery life is extremely variable and unreliable. The Watch 2 has a 420mAh cell in it (up from 300mAh on the previous model), and there were times when I used the watch to track a couple of activities with GPS and it still made it nearly two full days. The next day, I used the watch very lightly and it drained to 12 percent after 24 hours. The day after that, it was down to 12 percent after just 18 hours. There doesn’t seem to be much rhyme or reason to it. You can use it in a low-power mode — which Huawei claims will get you 21 days of battery life — but the only thing it can do in that mode is tell you the time of day and how many steps you’ve taken. This kinda defeats the point of wearing a bulky smartwatch. Maybe "bulky" isn’t fair, at least not when compared to behemoths like the LG Watch Sport, which at 45.4 x 51.2 x 14.2mm is handily wider and thicker than the Huawei Watch 2 (48.9 x 45 x 12.6mm), but it’s not exactly svelte, either. It seems that Huawei was hoping to sway some daintier-wristed individuals with this iteration, but I don’t think they’ve quite cracked the code here. I think it looks fine on me, personally, but my wrists are on the larger side of the spectrum. On thinner wrists, it protrudes a bit awkwardly, and I can’t see it bringing many fashionistas into the fold. Overall, I found that the Huawei Watch 2 was one of my more frustrating Android Wear experiences. Trying to read the tiny screen while exercising made me want to chew off my own hand. (It was even worse when I was wearing polarized sunglasses.) I actually found the watch to be pretty comfortable, and it was surprisingly accurate for the things it could track. That said, for a watch this big and sporty-looking, I want it to be, well, sportier. I want it to be waterproof and capable of tracking my swimming or kayaking. And if it’s trying to be a smartwatch, then it simply needs to work better —without glitches or precipitous dives in battery life. Ultimately, it feels like Huawei was trying to make a watch that could be right for everybody, and it ended up with a watch that isn’t really right for anybody. Photography by Brent Rose for The Verge Brent Rose is a freelance writer, actor, and filmmaker, currently traveling the US living in a high-tech van, looking for stories to tell. Follow his adventures on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and at ConnectedStates.com. Huawei Watch 2 5.0 Verge Score Good Stuff: Very accurate heart rate monitor that works 24/7 Built-in GPS means you can run without your phone It’s not as bulky as sportier watches like the LG Watch Sport or the Garmin Fenix 5X Watch’s speaker produces surprisingly good audio quality Bad Stuff: The screen is so small it makes text very hard to read, especially while moving Battery struggles to last 24 hours Not particularly attractive Plagued with lag, crashes, and random bugs Circuit Breaker Luminoodle Basecamp: because sometimes you need a 20-foot light rope Circuit Breaker Fairystring vs. Luminoodle: battle of the whimsically named USB light strips Circuit Breaker Boundary is a modular, magnetic backpack for work, travel, and photography View all stories in Reviews Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Android creator Andy Rubin outs edge-to-edge Essential phone that's also modular Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: MAY 30, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Google may have given up on the idea of a future in which "one smartphone fits them all" concept would mean the end of having to buy a new phone every year, but Android creator Andy Rubin still hasn't lost all hope. So it seems. Just over two years after leaving Google, Andy Rubin has launched a new Android-based smartphone, called simply the Essential (PH-1), with top-tier looks and top-tier specs. And it supports secondary modules via a magnetic connector on the back so you don't have "to buy new dongles, chargers, and accessories every time your phone is upgraded." Rubin's $699 Essential phone -- which is exclusive to the US for now -- boasts of very durable titanium and ceramic body (with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 on the front), and a 5.7-inch edge-to-edge screen with an unusual 19:10 aspect ratio instead of the regular 16:9. The phone, like Xiaomi's Mi Mix, doesn't have a distinct forehead and only the chin. The selfie camera - an 8-megapixel sensor capable of recording 4K videos - rests at the top though, unlike in the Mi Mix where it is tucked away at the bottom. Speaking of specs, the Essential phone has a 2K screen, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor clubbed with 4 gigs of RAM and 128GB of memory (non-expandable) under the hood and a 3,040mAh battery with fast charging. It comes with a dual camera system -- 13MP+13MP -- wherein one of the sensors is RGB and the other monochrome. The dual system - according to Rubin's company (also called Essential) -- can take in more light and hence aid in better low light photos.   Erstwhile, the Essential phone supports Bluetooth 5.0 and USB Type-C for charging and data syncing. There is no 3.5mm audio jack on-board however. Although Rubin's Essential phone is modular like Lenovo's Moto Z, his company - for now - has just the one module that is compatible with it. The module - a 360 degree camera - can snap on to its back much like how Moto Mods snap on to the Moto Z. Essential's 360 degree camera - consisting of two 12MP fisheye lenses - will cost buyers $199, although there's an option to buy it along with the phone as well. The phone plus the camera module will be available for $749 for a limited period. Also Read: Android creator Andy Rubin is building his own phone on lines of Google Ara For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Exclusive: Moto C to launch in India in June, to take on Redmi 4A Recommended Reviews Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Anna Domanska , May 30, 2017 Europe’s Food Quality Double Standards Lead to Scandal Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 Zoom Past the Everyday Traffic in an Eco-friendly Way with the New BMW Motorrad Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 3 Important Management Lessons from Mark Zuckerberg’s Harvard Commencement Speech Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Christy Gren , March 30, 2017 This Creative Design Solution Increased Employee Collaboration at Facebook Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Europe’s Food Quality Double Standards Lead to Scandal Zoom Past the Everyday Traffic in an Eco-friendly Way with the New BMW Motorrad Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Honda Civic Si Ups the Game of a Regular Sedan BMW Concept 8 Series Represents Modern Luxury with Sharp Features India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Home Featured Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Featured NEWS Technology SHARE Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 / 124 0 With the rapid growth of artificial intelligence in various sectors of technology, major companies have set aside a particular budget to spend on the development of the same. Especially in the tech world, it is extremely important to keep up with the times. Nobody needs outdated technology and therefore such a company would lose its business. Even one of the pioneers in the tech world, Google is taking significant steps for the same. Recently there was a report that the tech giant is planning to launch the Google AI venture for the same. For this, it will first establish a separate body to take care of the investments. This new venture by Google will majorly focus on investing in artificial intelligence startups. This clearly signifies that Google is working on developing its AI sector even further in order to retain its position amidst the fast-growing competition. The news was reported on Axios, but Google has declined to say anything about the same. This Google AI venture will be independent of the parent company Alphabet Inc. This means that the funds between these two organizations will also be separate. The move doesn’t come as a surprise as Google CEO Sundar Pichai has been stressing on giving artificial intelligence priority for the past one year. The Google AI venture will include a rotating cast of engineers instead of the investors participating in this project. Which startups will be a part of the Google AI venture Google will not finance any random startups under this organization. It will first test the eligibility of startups by their efficiency and then decide the allotment of the fund. Only those startups which seem promising will receive funds under this Google AI venture. The amount of this fund might vary from $1 million to $10 million depending on the expertise of the startup. The leader of this initiative will be Anna Paterson who is the VP of the engineering department. The Google AI venture will include a rotating cast of engineers instead of the investors participating in this project. Artificial intelligence is crucial for Google because it is useful in a majority of its sectors. Without adequate expertise in AI, the service quality of Google might incur a massive loss. Keeping such factors in mind, this step has been taken. Currently, Google is interested in making investments in startups such as Diffbot, Imagen, Anodot etc. Out of these and many others, we will know the shortlisted startups only after the company issues an official statement about the same. Author Carrie Ann Carrie Ann is Editor-in-Chief at Industry Leaders Magazine, based in Las Vegas. Carrie covers technology, trends, marketing, brands, productivity, and leadership. When she isn’t writing she prefers reading. She loves reading books and articles on business, economics, corporate law, luxury products, artificial intelligence, and latest technology. She’s keen on political discussions and shares an undying passion for gadgets. Follow Carrie Ann on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Artificial Intelligence, artificial intelligence startups, Google AI venture Next Article Zoom Past the Everyday Traffic in an Eco-friendly Way with the New BMW Motorrad Previous Article Honda Civic Si Ups the Game of a Regular Sedan Similar Articles Carrie Ann, April 7, 2017 Hyundai and Kia Recall Millions of Vehicles due to Inefficient Manufacturing Anna Domanska, May 25, 2015 Android Users Beware! Your data Can Be Retrieved From Your Old Phone Anna Domanska, June 3, 2014 Malicious Software Networks Disrupted By US Led Operation Related Posts Strabag Commercial Buildings are Going Green Microsoft LTE Windows Phone Expected to be Out by Early 2012 MycoTechnology Inc., Trailblazer of the Anti-sugar Revolution Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Events, Bigger Gains The 'Apple' Moneyball Young Guns The Twenty Something Silicon Valley Money Makers Green Revolution Better Design for Waste Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,250 Followers 16,225 Followers 1,242 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,250 Followers 16,225 Followers 1,242 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Europe’s Food Quality Double Standards Lead to Scandal Anna Domanska , May 30, 2017 Zoom Past the Everyday Traffic in an Eco-friendly Way with the New BMW Motorrad Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 Google AI Venture to Invest in Budding Tech Startups Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 Honda Civic Si Ups the Game of a Regular Sedan Carrie Ann , May 30, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Events, Bigger Gains The ‘Apple’ Moneyball Young Guns The Twenty Something Silicon Valley Money Makers Green Revolution: Better Design for Waste Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs Sam Shead May 30, 2017, 7:28 AM 3,952 facebook linkedin twitter email print DeepMind cofounder and CEO Demis Hassabis.Google DeepMind DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI) lab acquired by Google for £400 million in January 2014 — is growing up. The research company announced over the weekend that one of its most celebrated research teams will stop focusing on board games and instead start putting their efforts into developing general algorithms that scientists can use to help solve real world problems. These include: finding new cures for diseases dramatically reducing energy consumption or inventing revolutionary new materials Alphabet has given DeepMind the freedom to pursue its research without having to focus on revenues but these new algorithms have the potential to provide Google's parent company with new revenue sources. DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis and lead AlphaGo programmer David Silver wrote in a coauthored blog post: "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can't wait to see what comes next." The AlphaGo team is home to some of DeepMind's most impressive computer scientists and several of them have worked on papers that have made the front cover of Nature, an academic journal held in high regard by scientists worldwide. DeepMind already has teams working on healthcare and energy so it's likely that the AlphaGo researchers will simply start working more closely with the existing units. The AlphaGo AI became famous last year after beating world champion Lee Sedol 4-1 in a five game match. AlphaGo beat its second world champion in China last week at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, thrashing Ke Jie 3-0. Chinese Go player Ke Jie puts a stone against Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo during their first match at the Future of Go Summit in WuzhenThomson Reuters "This week's series of thrilling games with the world's best players, in the country where Go originated, has been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program," wrote Hassabis and Silver. "For that reason, the Future of Go Summit is our final match event with AlphaGo." DeepMind plans to publish publish a final academic paper later this year that will detail the improvements it made to the algorithms' efficiency and potential to be generalised across a broader set of problems. Hassabis and Silver added: "We have been humbled by the Go community's reaction to AlphaGo, and the way professional and amateur players have embraced its insights about this ancient game. We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning." NOW WATCH: Here's why Boeing 747s have a giant hump in the front Loading video... More: Google DeepMind DeepMind facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs Google DeepMind is shifting its focus from board games to scientific breakthroughs DeepMind — an artificial intelligence (AI)... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
